{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519452", "title": "Airport staff oppose AI bid to steal their jobs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The employees' union of the Air India Air Traffic Services Limited (AIATSL), which handles ground handling services at the Trivandrum international airport, are on protest path. They have opposed the move to takeover their services by Air India-Singapore Airport Transport Services (AISATS PVt Ltd), a joint venture company. The AIATSL employees in a letter to Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh (dated January 15) has alleged that AISATS is being positioned to siphon off a major share of Air India's revenue. Formed in 2004, the AIATSL is a fully owned subsidiary of AI which handles all the ramp services. It also handles the terminal activities of Air India, Air India Express, and the customer airline Tiger Airways.AI's ground handling activities earn Rs 43 crore a year at the Trivandrum airport. The union members say that if the takeover succeeds, the AISATS will get its hand on this amount. Meanwhile, AISATS recently recruited new staff as counter managers, cleaners and loaders. But AIATSL employees in the letter to the Union minister has stated that AISATS hired people without following any recruitment policy. The letter stated that the joint venture company did not advertize in the media and no AI officials were present in the recruitment board.The AIATSL employees who got their salaries on January 16 after a gap of two months said they are under duress from the AI management to handover their work to the new company. AISATS has said that they recruited around 120 staff and if they do not get the work, these employees will lose their jobs. \"This company does not have the clearance of Bureau of Civil Aviation Security and, therefore, cannot perform security functions. AI will have to continue with the AIATSL security team for such operations,\" said the AIATSL employees in the letter to Union minister. ==", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518982", "title": "Diggi Palace gears up for literature festival despite Rushdie row", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite a lot of debate and tension over the visit of Salman Rushdie to the Jaipur literature festival, the owners of Diggi Palace are unfazed.The owners, Jyotika Diggi and her husband Rampratap Diggi, are carrying on with the preparations to extend a warm welcome to nearly 20,000 guests that are expected to visit.The couple is unconcerned about the controversy on Rushdie's visit which is doing rounds everywhere.\"The 7th edition of Jaipur Literature Festival will ensure that guests get a feel of Rajasthan in everything from ambiance, music, food and hospitality. Every visitor coming here will be our personal guest,\" Jyotika said.\"Hum is event ko dil se kartey hain, monetary gain ke liye nahin (We put our hearts into the event, it is not for monetary gain),\" she asserted.Asked if organizing the event this year was more challenging owing to Rushdie's visit, she said, \"I don't think so. He had come here in 2007 and this time as well if he comes, he will be given best hospitality.\"There will be CCTV cameras across the event venue this time along with police presence.Jyotika said, \"The Jaipur police had asked every hotel in the city to have CCTV cameras installed. It is just a compliance of police order. Likewise, every time during the festival we have police support since VVIPs and VIPs come here to attend the festival. So there is nothing unusual this time around.\"Recalling Rushdie's last visit, Jyotika, said, \"Last time he was a bit apprehensive. But, after spending some time here, he grew more friendly and was seen mingling around with people.\"Asked about other preparations of the festival, Rampratap Singh, said, \"We are utilizing every inch of our property just to make the venue wider for the guests. The front lawns and other tents would be wider this time to accommodate more people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519483", "title": "Focus on filling up backlog of SC, ST, OBC vacancies", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the Central government's announcement for filling up the backlog of reserved vacancies of Scheduled Caste (SC), Scheduled Tribe (ST) and Other Backward Classes (OBC), the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has expedited the process in this connection. The MHRD has send a letter to various Centrally governed institutions, including the Allahabad University, instructing them to furnish the information regarding the backlog of reserved vacancies which would be filled up by March 31.Under the drive, subjected re-launch of special recruitment drive to fill up the backlog reserved vacancies for SCs, STs &amp; OBCs as on November 1, 2008 and persons with disabilities as on November 15, 2009, the vacancies would be filled up by end of March this year. Mentioned as most important and time-bound, the letter has also asked the officials of respective institutions to hold one-to-one meetings with the joint secretary (administration), MHRD, and furnish the information of the latest progress they have made in the direction of filling the backlog vacancies.This re-launch of special recruitment drive would include institutions like IGNOU, ISM University, Dhanbad, NCERT, different NIT's like Calicut, Hamirpur, Jalandhar, Kurukshetra, Jaipur, Raipur Patna, Silchar, Srinivasanagar, IIT Kharagpur, etc, along with different other institutes like the Visva Bharti University. The information of the backlog vacancies has also been sought by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangthan which runs over thousand schools in the country.The MHRD letter follows the decision of the Union concerned for expediting the process of filling up the backlog vacancies wherein he has also asked for meeting of the joint secretary (administration) with the heads of institutions having a large number of identified vacancies reported under these drives.The letter bears significance in terms of AU as there are around 500 backlog vacancies of teaching and non-teaching posts, information about which has been complied.In October 2009, a special three-member expert committee comprising L B Mannikatti (retired IAS), Dr RP Gangurde (former additional secretary, UGC) and Ashok Kumar Saroya UGC, had visited AU and its Constituent Colleges. The committee inspected the status of implementation of reservation policy for SC/ST in appointments to teaching and non-teaching posts and admission to various courses. After the inspection, the committee communicated a strong message to AU, the very next month, asking it to advertise the backlog vacancies (detailed numbers were mentioned in their report) within three weeks and fill the same within three months.The report of the committee, signed by Ashok Kumar Saroya of UGC, clearly showed that AU as well in its nine constituent colleges lack far behind when it comes to implementation of reservation policy.Although situation at AU is a bit better, the authorities of the constituent colleges have to go miles in complying with the government reservation policy.But now, with the MHRD again expediting the process of filling up of the backlog reserved vacancies, there is a ray of hope both for the institutions and the aspirants as the letter mentions about filling up of the said vacancies by March 31.AU public relations officer (PRO) Prof P K Sahoo, said, \"MHRD has sent a letter in this regard and the AU has complied all relevant information which would be passed on at a meeting to be held at Delhi.\"MHRD Letter Holds Significance In Case Of AU As There Are Around 500 Posts Of Teaching And Non-Teaching Lying VacantWith the MHRD again expediting the process of filling up of the backlog reserved vacancies, there is a ray of hope both for the institutions and the aspirants as the letter mentions about filling up of the said vacancies by March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519249", "title": "Some Asha for Kerala, finally", "text": "KOCHI: It has had sprint queens and swimming superstars, but cricket was one sporting arena that no Kerala girl was found game enough to succeed.That is no longer so, thanks to a spunky 20-year-old from Thiruvananthapuram. Asha S Joy, daughter of an auto rickshaw driver, is on the cusp of making it to the Indian women cricket team. She is among the 20 probables picked by the selectors to tour West Indies next month. If Asha gets the nod to tour the Caribbean Islands , she will be the first cricketer from the state to don the Indian jersey. Though excited about making it to the probable list, Asha believes her dream will be fulfilled only if she makes it to the final 16. \"Playing for India is any cricketer's dream. I know it is not too far away for the dream to become a reality. But it's too early to get excited. If I am picked for the West Indies tour, I will be happy.If I am not, I am willing to bide my time,\" Asha told TOI from Hyderabad, where she works for the South Central Railways.It's Asha's performance in the just concluded domestic season that has caught the attention of the selectors. Asha picked 10 wickets from five matches and scored two fifties for Kerala last year. Moreover, she was the top-wicket taker in the inter-zone women's cricket tournament held at Ahmedabad in May 2011. She grabbed 12 wickets from four matches.Mithali Raj, Asha's skipper at South Central Railways and one of the best women cricketers India has seen, reckons Asha is one of the most promising talents to have emerged in the recent past. \"She is a very gutsy cricketer. I am sure it will be very good to have a cricketer like Asha for the tour to West Indies,\" said the Hyderabadi, who is also part of the probable list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11519305", "title": "Craving for chocolates at work? You must be bored", "text": "LONDON: Are you bored at work? Then, you may probably be thinking about some chocolates or a hot cup of coffee , or even be planning to hit a bar after leaving office, researchers say.A team from the University of Central Lancashire which looked at over 100 office workers in the UK found that when bored at work, most of them looked to munchies and caffeinated beverages to perk them up.Bored workers are also more likely to hit a bar once they punch the clock, the researchers said. \"We found that it's a mix between the demands of the job and the person's personality that contributes to if you are going to be bored or not,\" lead researcher Sandi Mann said.The researchers, who presented their study at the Annual Conference of the British Psychological Society's Division of Occupational Psychology, made the participants to complete questionnaires about their working habits. The questionnaire also asked them to rate the level of boredom on a 5-point scale from \"never bored\" to \"bored most of the time\" at their current job.About 25% of the participants indicated that they were bored most of the time, the researchers said. And those suffered from chronic boredom at work suffered more stress, remained more absent and developed a desire to quit the job. The chronically bored may also turn to risktaking in the office to stimulate themselves, the researchers said.\"At work people vandalise , steal and sabotage because they are bored and looking for extra stimulation ,\" Mann said. Boredom also affects work quality. Almost 80% of respondents felt that being bored at work makes them lose concentration , and more than 50% felt it led them to make mistakes, found the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11518218", "title": "SL court extends remand period of five TN fishermen", "text": "RAMESWARAM: A Sri Lankan court on Monday extended by 14 days the remand period of five fishermen from Tamil Nadu, arrested on drug smuggling charges on November 28, an official said.U Arulanandam, state coordinator of 'Alliance for the release of innocent fishermen', told reporters from Sri Lanka, here on an invitation by the state government, that Mallagam court judge Gajanidhi Balan extended to January 30 the remand of the fishermen when they were produced in court on Monday.The five were arrested by the Sri Lankan navy on November 28, 2011, on charges of drug smuggling and lodged in a prison in Jaffna.On December 5 last, the court extended their remand to December 19 and later again to January 2, this year.Later, the remand period was extended to January 16.Mechanised boat fishermen had begun an indefinite strike on January 6, demanding immediate release of 13 fishermen, including these five, arrested by the Sri Lankan navy since November 28 and had urged the Centre to take steps to get them released.They had also urged both Sri Lanka and India not to arrest fishermen if they cross International Maritime Boundary Line.The Tamil Nadu fishermen often go into the Sri Lankan waters lured by the catch. With the marine wealth eroding in Indian waters due to the use of banned nets, fishermen have no option but to go into Sri Lankan waters for the catch.Recently, 13 fishermen from Akkaraipatti in Nagapattinam district were captured by the Sri Lankan coast guard sending everyone in the village into a shock. The villagers confirmed the arrest by contacting the Indian embassy, which told them that the captured fishermen were kept in custody in Trincomalee.However, it could not be ascertained whether they crossed the international border.Mechanised boat fishermen had begun an indefinite strike on January 6, demanding immediate release of 13 fishermen, including these five, arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy since November 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519611", "title": "Paraglider dies at Kamshet hill", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old paraglider, Khwaja Imtiaz Ahmed, fell to his death soon after he took off from a hill at Kusgaon village in Kamshet on January 12.The Kamshet police say Ahmed was a resident of Dwarkapuri in Hyderabad.According to investigating officer Arjun Shinde, Ahmed took off from the hill but lost control of the glider due to strong winds. He fell around 9 am and was injured in the head. He also fractured his hand.Paraglider Tanaji Takve rushed Ahmed to a private hospital at Kamshet, but he was proclaimed dead by the doctors on arrival. His body was handed over to the family after a post-mortem was performed.When contacted, Takve said he had known Ahmed for three years and that he had come to his house two days earlier, with paragliding equipment.\"Ahmed and his uncle, Imad Ahmed, would visit Kamshet at least once a year to go paragliding,\" said Takve. \"This time, on my request, he stayed with me. Both of us had gone paragliding on Tuesday and Wednesday, but on Thursday, Ahmed fell down, after he lost control during takeoff.\"Ahmed's uncle told TOI over the phone from Hyderabad said that his nephew was doing a course in civil engineering at a private institute in Hyderabad.The Kamshet police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519564", "title": "\u2018I no longer doubt myself after meeting Mr Laxman\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: As R K Laxman examined their drawings, one child's hands began trembling, another stood motionless on the floor, and the third could not stop staring at his hero, his mouth wide open. On Sunday, 10 finalists of the Times Cartoon Contest-a Mumbai for Kids initiative-met with one of India's greatest cartoonists, and came away inspired.The scene that played out on Sunday afternoon in the sunny living-room of R K Laxman's first-floor flat in Pune had that 'nowords-needed' quality his cartoons are so well known for. Just like his political comments , Laxman's meeting with the ten finalists of the Times Cartoon Contest held its own without speech. The facial expressions and body language of both the children and India's greatest cartoonist said it all.Dressed for the occasion in a blue T-shirt and dark green blazer, Laxman judged the drawings of the finalists despite his illness that has paralysed his left side and robbed him of his ability to speak. That the students, all budding artists, were in awe of him was an understatement.As part of the Times Cartoon Contest, 10 finalists between eight and 18 years had been selected from a group of 2,000 students, and were divided into three categories based on their age.On Sunday afternoon, four children in the eightto-12 age group stood around the 90-year-old cartoonist . As he carefully examined their drawings, one child's hands began trembling, another stood motionless on the marble floor, and the third could not stop staring at his hero, his mouth wide open.Khushi Kothari, the 11-year old girl from Girgaum Chowpatty, whose cartoon was the first to be assessed, looked on in anticipation.But Laxman was in no hurry. The renowned cartoonist who is always studying people's faces, demanding to know what is being talked about, or communicating through hand gestures, trained his attention on each drawing, blocking out all external distractions.He held the cartoon at a distance, immersed in the scene that Kothari had depicted. He then examined it sideways, and after a few long seconds held the drawing straight, only to focus on the four corners and the different sections within the picture. There was no reaction from Laxman, only fierce concentration.Barring the staccato clicks from cameras-the photographers worked without a flash-there was peace and quiet in the room despite the presence of the children , their parents and mediapersons. After around eight minutes, Laxman finally took his eyes off the cartoon to look at its creator and raised his hand feebly in a gesture of blessing.He went through the other sketches and gestured for another pair of spectacles. After a while, his wife, Kamala, who can translate his gestures and give voice to his thoughts, said: \"You have to judge which one should be ranked first, second and third.\"On hearing that, Laxman began the process all over again, after which the four children held out their sketches next to one another for him to compare and decide. After a while, sensing the tension in the living room, his wife asked impatiently: \"Who has come first?\"R K Laxman waved his hand, asking her to wait. \"He wants his own sweet time to decide,\" said an exasperated Kamala. Finally, the cartoonist identified the winning sketches. The whole process took around 20 minutes.The children, who had been selected from the Times Cartoon Contest, which is part of The Times of India's Mumbai for Kids initiative, however, showed no signs of impatience. They were chosen from 2,000 students at a competition held on January 14, at the Sir JJ Institute of Applied Arts. On Sunday, the childrenthe younger ones accompanied by their parents-travelled to Pune to meet Laxman.The first to enter his apartment were the four children in the eight-to-12 age group, while the others waited in the car outside. By the time the last group left his residence, it was over an hour. The children were ecstatic as they got to spend time with their childhood hero.\"It was an unforgettable experience. He took so much trouble over each of our children's drawings. We have grown up enjoying R K Laxman's cartoons,\" said Dr Bharati Shah, the proud mother of one of the contestants.Though it was difficult for him to manoeuvre the pen, Laxman patiently signed the children's certificates and autographed their cartoons. In some of the drawings, the young artists had utilized every inch of white space, but the senior cartoonist-ignoring suggestions from onlookers-was careful to place his signature in an aesthetically suitable space so as not to compromise the sketch.Kamala said he was very particular about cartoons. \"He draws a much better Common Man when outsiders ask him and not when I do,\" she said, adding that his cartoons look like \"Salvador Dali's surreal work these days\" . She added: \"He adores children.\"Laxman no longer draws his favourite subject, crows. \"He always used to sit on the floor to draw the crows; never used an easel. So he does not draw them now,\" she said.After the visitors departed, Laxman gestured to his wife to bring him one of the certificates that he had asked for. It had a picture of the Common Man. He held it up, narrowed his eyes in concentration and once again abandoned the world around him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522021", "title": "It\u2019s always party time", "text": "For Chennai's young, energetic lot, any excuse is a good excuse to party.And when they have the city's popular watering holes playing the best of tunes for them, why wouldn't they want to frequent them and shake more than just a leg. This was what one saw at this downtown destination as well. Notwithstanding it was a weekday evening, people were upbeat and ready to make it a night to remember.There were many enthusiastic party-goers who kept requesting the DJ to play their favourite party anthems, as they showed off their best moves. And the crowd cheered at first and then joined in to ensure they set the dancefloor on fire. Surely, there's no place like Chennai to show people how to party!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517549", "title": "English teachers' meet in Guwahati from Jan 19", "text": "GUWAHATI: A three-day national conference for English teachers at the college and university level will be held in the city from January 19. The department of English Language Teaching (ELT), Gauhati University, in collaboration with Cambridge University Press, is organizing the event.The three-day conference will be based on the themes of \"Meeting Undergraduate Students' English Language Needs: Exploring Current Pedagogical Practices' and 'Good Practices in the Language Classroom: Some strategies for effective language development in larger classes, a national workshop for local teachers of English in colleges and universities.The first two days of the conference will focus on meeting the requirements of undergraduate students learning English as a part of their curriculum and exploring the existing pattern of teaching both at the college and university level. The last day of the conference will include a workshop and focus on the strategies required for implementing useful practices in classrooms with more students and will also concentrate on how to form strategies for teaching English in classes in tune with the current scenario.The conference is expected to examine the teaching methods of teachers involving English as part of a literature curriculum for students' courses introduced at the undergraduate level. The conference will also focus on examining the teachers' abilities in teaching to meet the demand of language learners both at the college and university level.\"The conference will be attended by around 50 to 60 teachers from different colleges and universities located in different parts of the country. But majority of the participants will be from Delhi and the eastern region. With internet, there has been a tremendous change in the teaching methods as well,\" said Padmini Bhuyan, HOD of English Language Teaching, Gauhati University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11518442", "title": "Parks invite nausea, not happiness", "text": "LUDHIANA: Park, usually the source of relaxation and rejuvenation, has tuned nauseating for residents of B block of Agar Nagar House Building Society. These people are extremely fed up of the unhygienic splatter that this park is throwing up their way. It in no way resembles a park and instead has become a garbage dump due to the apathy of municipal corporation (MC).Complains Suresh Kumar , a resident and businessman who runs a shop, \"For the last six months, the park has become a garbage dump as the MC shifted the dump from the area near GADVASU to here. The result is that the park has become out of bound for the people. MC authorities too are not taking any pains to lift the garbage.\"Another resident, a homemaker woman who requested not to be named said, \"Our children, youngsters and even elderly people used to go to the park for relaxation and amusement about a year ago. However due to some reason, they converted the park into a garbage dump. Now we have no place to go for amusement and relaxation.\"She blamed the residents also for this scenario, as they too throw polythenes and other dirt in the park, resulting in its sorry state.President of Agar Nagar Cooperative House Building Society, B K Aggarwal sais, \"Six months ago, the MC authorities had shifted the garbage dump of our area from near BRS Nagar to this park. On several occasions, we have requested the MC to lift the garbage from here but they pack garbage in just two vehicles and that too after a week. The result is that garbage in huge quantity has accumulated in the park. We again request the MC authorities through the media to shift the garbage dump from here to some other place and also lift the garbage lying in the park.\"M S Jaggi, commissioner, MC, says, \"The people are to be blamed for the bad shape of this park. It is they who throw garbage in the park. We will lodge a FIR against the president of the society if they don't stop it. However, MC does lift the garbage from the area regularly and we do our job without slackness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11519663", "title": "Sex ratio remains low in Panipat, yet officials detect no PNDT violations", "text": "PANIPAT: Panipat district has barely managed to better its sex ratio in one whole year - registering 842 girls per 1,000 boys in December 2011, from 835 girls per 1,000 boys in December 2010. Yet, the officials have detected no violations of PNDT Act in the district over the last year despite raids on various clinics.Sources in the health department said several raids are conducted every month, yet nothing conclusive has been found against doctors. Chief medical officer Harbhajan Singh Randhawa clarified that it was not that ultrasound centres in the district were involved in prenatal sex determinations or termination of pregnancy, but proximity to Uttar Pradesh was taking the punch out of their drive against foeticide. He said people in the district found it convenient to slip into the neighbouring state of Uttar Pradesh, which was just 8 kms from the city, where they easily find doctors and ultrasound centres that conduct pre natal sex determination tests and even charge less for killing female foetus. He said they had already written to their counterparts in the neighbouring state, but have not gained anything from it.Meanwhile, sources maintained that 53 ultrasound centres had come up in the district and the possibility of violation of PNDT Act by them could not be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11518193", "title": "Villagers prepare Pongal in 999 pots to celebrate Pennycuick\u2019s birth anniversary", "text": "THENI: Villagers in Thevaram in Theni district celebrated Col John Pennycuick's 171st birth anniversary by preparing pongal in 999 pots to signify the number of years of lease agreement signed by the erstwhile Travancore princely state and Madras presidency over the Mullaperiyar waters.Several villages in Theni offered prayers to Pennycuick and took out processions holding his portraits on Sunday to mark his birth anniversary. A large number of villagers from Thambinayakanpatti, Lakshminayakkanpatti, Kombai, Pannaipuram in Thevaram assembled at V O C Grounds on Sunday morning and prepared pongal in 999 pots. The dish was placed in front of a portrait of Pennycuick, as an offering before the villagers broke into celebrations.At Palarpatti near Bodi, \"Thevarattam\" - a folk dance - marked the beginning of the celebrations. After watching an enthralling performance, the villagers took out a procession with a huge portrait of the royal engineer from the main road to the \"Pennycuick mandapam,\" a community hall, where they offered prayers to him.After preparing pongal in front of the mandapam, the villagers set out to watch a cock fight organised as part of the celebrations. Later in the day, a debate titled \"Which is stronger? - Pennycuick's determination or Mullaiperiyar dam?\" was held at Palarpatti.Palarpatti was one of the foremost among the villages in Theni district that recognised the contribution of Pennycuick and started celebrating his birth anniversary in a grand manner. \"This is the 13th year that we are celebrating his birth anniversary. This year, we wanted to celebrate it in a grand manner,\" said C Andi.In various other villages like Kulayanur, Kamayagoundanpatti, Surulipatti, Narayanathevanpatti and Kulappagoundaptti too, villagers paid tribute to Pennycuick.At the state public works department office in Uthamapalayam, the bust of Pennycuick was adorned with garlands and pongal was prepared in front of it. Villagers, irrespective of political affiliations joined hands to honour the royal engineer.Employees and former employees of the public works department also joined the villagers in celebrating the birth anniversary. At Uthupatti village near Chinnamanur, \"milk abishekam\" was performed to Pennycuick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518299", "title": "Ulterior motives behind 2011 GMC paper leak?", "text": "PANAJI: Around the beginning of January last year, the general medicine II third year examination of the Goa Medical College was cancelled 10 minutes after it began due to leakage of the question paper. A year and a superannuation on, authorities are still to identify both the culprits and the motive behind the leak, and appear to have made the associate professor in the department of medicine Dr Edwin Gomes, who was accused of leaking the question paper, the fall guy.Gomes was initially accused of dictating the question paper to the students. When interviewed by the investigating committee, 48 students from that exam stated on record that he had not disclosed any questions. The investigating committee found that the allegation was, therefore, untrue.In its report (a copy of which is with TOI), the committee refrained from holding Gomes guilty on charges of leaking the question paper by giving him \"benefit of doubt\". It stated that Gomes was negligent and conducted himself irresponsibly by keeping a copy of the question paper in his cupboard.Gomes, in his defence, states that his appointment letter as examiner does not contain any instructions on non-retention of question paper copies. Appointment letters to other examiners of a different exam appear to be more comprehensive, acknowledges the committee.Gomes admits to keeping a copy of the question paper in an unlocked cupboard of the stress test room of GMC which is primarily accessed by him. He says cupboards in GMC aren't locked as most keys have been misplaced.Registrar of Goa University, V P Kamat told TOI that the varsity's ordinance on examinations states that paper setters should not keep a copy of the question paper with them. \"When the whole (paper setting) process is confidential, why has one to keep a copy?\" questions Kamat. \"He is not a new person. He is fully conversant with the procedures. Nobody can plead ignorance,\" Kamat added.So what lies beneath the surface? Gomes alleges that the entire paper leak episode was meticulously carried out to deny him the post of head of GMC's medicine department for which he was eligible on the retirement of Dr N G Dubashi. \"This (paper leak) was done to target me,\" he told TOI.Kamat counters saying, \"We don't appoint HoDs. That (HoD appointment) is a government matter.\"To this, B Vijayan, principal secretary, health, says, \"It (overlooking Gomes) was a conscious decision of the government as the university has written to us and action is contemplated against Gomes.\"Vijayan informed TOI that inquiry proceedings were in progress with a chargesheet likely to be filed soon. \"We were not satisfied with the explanation we got (from Gomes) and the government decided to proceed with an inquiry,\" he observed.\"Being a head of department is not a promotion,\" Vijayan said, adding, \"If Dr Gomes is cleared then he will be eligible for the post. Until such time he is cleared, it doesn't look good (for Gomes to take charge as HoD),\" he said. Dr Anar Khandeparkar, seven years Gomes's junior in terms of years of service at GMC, is the current HoD.The final report of the university's Board of Evaluation (BoE) decision-recommending deterrent action against Gomes-was conveyed to Gomes on September 28, three days before he might have taken charge as HoD on Dubashi's retirement. Kamat calls it coincidence.The BoE has stated: \"Dr Gomes is responsible for the leakage due to careless and irresponsible behaviour by committing breach of trust and confidentiality in keeping additional copies of the question papers and answer key, leaving them unattended and unsecured and thereby leading to the leakage of question papers.\"It has recommended deterrent action against Gomes, which includes disqualification from examination work, disciplinary action by authorities concerned, no remuneration for paper setting and reporting of the case to appropriate authorities (police).Though he said it would be inappropriate for him to comment on the case itself, Dubashi told TOI, \"He (Gomes) is a very good physician and a good teacher. I was surprised on the allegations made against him. His integrity is unquestionable.\"Gomes alleges that the leak took place from within the university. He told TOI that he had handed the envelopes containing the three sets of question papers and answer keys to the clerk in the examination section on November 16, 2010, but the clerk maintains Gomes did so on November 19, 2010.The sealing of the envelopes is also contentious with Gomes claiming he had signature-sealed them but the university maintaining otherwise. The logbook page obtained through RTI (a copy of which is with TOI) shows that the date of Gomes' submission entry is overwritten.While the source of the leak is yet to be traced, Gomes says the incident brought the anomalies in paper setting and storing procedures of the university to the fore. The investigative committee made five recommendations, including printing of clear instructions on appointment letters, proper control over keys of cupboards storing question papers, handling of draft question papers by officers instead of clerks and improving of record-keeping procedures.Kamat says examination procedures of the university are being overhauled \"not due to this incident, but for improved and efficient functioning\". The university considers this particular case closed. \"From the university side, it's a closed matter,\" said Kamat.\"If Gomes feels aggrieved regarding any decision then there are other avenues (to redress the grievance)... the law of the land is there,\" Kamat said. Gomes said he will take legal recourse depending on how the situation evolves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518855", "title": "Traffic wardens behind well-managed traffic in the city", "text": "JAIPUR: Ever wonder how traffic runs smoothly in the city during rush hour, festivals and mega events, traffic police together with 200 volunteers under the banner of 'traffic wardens' stay on the alert to minimise casualties, regulate traffic and ensure adherence to traffic rules.These volunteers include software professionals, doctors, students and even senior citizens. They sport the traffic department cap, whistle and jacket.People can take up voluntarily traffic regulation course by enrolling themselves with the traffic police department. The basic idea is to involve people in traffic regulation, hence no fee is charged.The concept of traffic warden started way back in 2000. There were few enthusiasts initially but now their total strength is 200. They are at the beck and call of the department.They have been distributed between four traffic zones - north, south, east and west - which have 50 volunteers each. The chief traffic warden is 70-year-old practicing doctor Jeet Chandhok, who working hard during the traffic week (Jan 16-22), which kicked-off on Monday.These wardens have been deputed at their respective zones to spread awareness on traffic rules. \"The traffic department was able to minimise casualties in road mishaps in 2011 as against 2010. Credit also goes to these wardens who worked hard to enforce helmets for pillion riders and spread awareness in more than 100 schools,\" a traffic official said.The contribution of these wardens on New Year's Eve was applauded by traffic department for preventing any major or minor accident on the nights of December 30 and January 1. \"At the time when youngsters were celebrating New Year's Eve, my team was on the job,\" said Chandhok.Even during PBD they were deployed at major areas as well as on the outskirts to ease traffic. Their work is not restricted to handling traffic and creating awareness, they also suggest solutions to traffic problems.They do not penalise violators, but educate them how their acts inconvenienced other commuters.The Traffic Act allows citizens above 18 years of age to become traffic wardens. There are no mandatory service hours for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517063", "title": "DMRC's ITO facelift: Metro station to straddle Fleet St, office", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of Delhi's busiest crossings, the ITO, is set for a major makeover that will change the contours of a perpetually clogged intersection. And it will be a Metro station that will be the trigger for change.With Delhi Metro extending the Central Secretariat corridor to Kashmere Gate via Mandi House, construction of the station at ITO will begin from April. It's tipped to be one of the busiest stations with several government offices, including the police headquarters, UGC and Delhi's Fleet Street, in the vicinity. DMRC is already pegging the ridership at 40,000.With six entry and exit points, the station will be unusual in many ways, say Delhi Metro Rail Corporation officials. Director (projects), Kumar Keshav, said, \"The station's design has been specifically tailored to cater to a large catchment area, which includes scores of offices.\"To feed the station, DMRC will also be building two subways in the area - one on Indraprastha Marg and the other on Deen Dyal Upadhyay Marg. The existing subway on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will also link the station. Delhi Metro officials claim the six entry-exit points were designed to reduce the gridlock at the junction.The tender is expected to be awarded in February, with construction, including traffic diversions, scheduled to begin in April. But before digging and excavation work begins, utility diversions will be implemented. \"Also, monitoring of buildings and utility lines will be undertaken. This will continue through the construction period and months after,\" said a DMRC official. The monitoring will be done by the contractor. However, with alignment for the CTST-Kashmere Gate corridor going under the road at this junction, impact on buildings is expected to be minimal, said officials.The station, which will be built using the cut-and-cover technology, will be 250m long. It will straddle the Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, 16 metres under and 20metre wide. The subways will be considerably longer than the norm.Each subway will be 110 m long and will have four entry-exit points - Police HQ, Institute of Engineers, Andhra School and the beginning of Rouse Avenue. Usually, subways are kept around 50m long, said DMRC officials.\"And the moment you come out of the subways, you will touch a bus stop and important crossings. This encourage more people to use the Metro,\" said the Delhi Metro official.\"The station box itself will first start with the diaphragm wall being cast using hydraulic rigs, with walls to protect the excavated face and also act as permanent part of the station structure. Once the walls are in place, the structure is built from the top downwards,\" said the official. Construction of the staircase well and other ancillary structures will be done simultaneously. Meanwhile, the shafts to lower the tunnel boring machine will be built at two ends - Mandi House and ITO, which will construct the actual alignment. Work on the TBM will go on simultaneously with the cut-and-cover construction of the station box.The underground station will be structured much like the existing Jawaharlal Nehru or Khan Market station, with its individualistic canopy. This style will in fact be replicated in all the stations on the CTST-Kashmere Gate line except at Mandi House and Kashmere Gate, which is an interchange station, said the official.The island platform at the ITO station, meanwhile, will help manage large crowds, as it avoids over-crowding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11517466", "title": "Thousands take holy dip in Parshuram", "text": "ITANAGAR: Nearly 75,000 devotees, including sadhus from across the country, took a holy dip in Parshuram Kund in Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh on the occasion of Makar Sankranti on Sunday. The pilgrims, mostly from Nepal , Manipur, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, had been gathering at the site since January 13, said R K Sharma, Lohit deputy commissioner, in a communique on Monday.Last year, about 70,000 pilgrims thronged the kund to take a holy dip. This year too, the number of visitors was almost the same as last year's. The overall figure of the pilgrims visiting the holy kund will be about one lakh, which is likely to be completed by the end of this month. However, a few vehicles carrying pilgrims are still coming in, the DC informed.Free food was provided to the pilgrims in the mela by Parshuram Sewa Samity and Manav Utthan Seva Samity of Tinsukia, Assam, Border Road Organization and some other NGOs. A free medical camp was also organized by the 25{+t}{+h} Bn of ITBP, district medical authorities, Arunachal Pali Vidyapith, Chongkham and Arun Jyoti. Volunteers provided by Vivekananda Kendra and Arun Jyoti, Tezu were present round-the-clock to help the aged pilgrims and to control the crowd. The district police authorities made security arrangements and deployed adequate police and paramilitary forces. Swami Adhokshanand, the sankaracharya of Goverdhanpeeth also visited the kund and took a holy dip. He expressed satisfaction on the arrangement and wished a peaceful life to the people.According to the legend recorded in the Kalika Purana, Srimat Bhagawata and the Mahabharata, sage Parsurama washed away his sin of matricide in the waters of the Lohit river at Bramhakund. Situated within the Kamlang reserve forest, the Kund is surrounded by the dense forest of Ruddhraksha trees, the fruit of which is considered sacred by Hindu ascetics as well as general believers of the faith. With a belief that a holy dip frees one from all sins, male and female, of all age groups, gather here every year from across the country for the purpose on this day.Like most pilgrim centers in other parts of India, Parashuram Kund has been a source of spiritual inspiration for a multitude of devotees since time immemorial.The pilgrims, mostly from Nepal, Manipur, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Assam and Arunachal Pradesh had been gathering at the site since January 13,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517511", "title": "Nigerian arrested for trying to courier heroin abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials of the narcotics control bureau on Saturday arrested a Nigerian national who tried to send two parcels containing heroin to Australia and Holland.Michael Odinnaka was arrested after trying to courier 193 grams of heroin in the handles of four ladies' handbags to Australia and in 32 polythene tubes in Chinese lampshades to Holland , said NCB zonal director S Davidson Devasirthvam.Investigation showed the contraband was sourced from Delhi and Michael was working for a Delhi based trafficker. He had stayed with other Nigerian nationals at Pallipalayam in Namakkal district for a short while before his arrest.NCB officials searched the houses of his friends at Pallipalayam and arrested three Nigerians who did not possess valid travel documents. They were handed over to the police. Three Nigerians were arrested in Chennai on charges of cheating a few days ago. Police recovered a car and LED television sets purchased by fraudulent means online.Obasoto Oladapo Olatunbosum, Dickson M Dickson and Abiodun O Oyekunle were arrested from Sembakkam on a complaint by a bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518600", "title": "Baby theft couple charged with abduction", "text": "KOLKATA: Police investigation into the theft of a baby from Calcutta National Medical College has revealed a shocking fact that just about anyone can sneak into the ward. The accused couple - Nilofar and her husband Seikh Raju - did not have a 'green card' to enter the maternity ward but she did get in and also escape with a newborn.The couple has been remanded in police custody till January 24. Police say Nilofar and Raju were not known to Kanij Begum, whose baby they had stolen. The woman has confessed to police that she was desperate to get a baby as she had been driven out by her in-laws after eight miscarriages.\"They also claimed that the couple tried to adopt a baby but did not succeed,\" said an officer. Police are investigating their claim. Police said she went to the hospital for treatment a couple of months ago and got access to the labour ward. Since then she had turned desperate.The woman claimed that on Friday afternoon, she had no plan to steal any baby. She just sneaked into the ward to \"see the babies\". Kanij Begum was writhing in pain then. She pleaded with Nilofar to help her and inform the nurses and ayahs that she was in agony. Nilofar informed a nurse, who asked for her identity. Nilofar said she was Kanij's sister.Nilofar says that the nurse gave her a medicine and asked her to give it to Kanij. The patient fell asleep after taking the pill. Nilofar seized the opportunity and took Kanij's baby out of her lap. After cuddling the baby for some time, she suddenly decided to flee with the child in her arms.On the way out, she introduced herself as the sister of the patient and no one suspected anything. She hid the newborn under her shawl and left the hospital. Police identified her through CCTV footage and witness testimonies, say sources. Investigators are examining Nilofar's statement. The couple has been booked for abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517510", "title": "Versova woman talks to police", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Monday recorded the statement of the 24-year-old woman who attempted suicide last Wednesday by jumping off from her parents' fourth-floor flat in Versova, two days after her bank executive boyfriend killed himself in similar fashion.The woman told the police she was looking for options to prolong the relationship, but the man was interested in marriage; she was in shock since the man killed himself in her presence; she went into a depression, leading her to attempt suicide. The police are discussing with legal experts the course of action they should take.Last Monday, Vishal Gambhir, the bank executive, ended his life by jumping from the 18th floor of his office-provided flat in Goregaon (East). The woman, with whom he was in a serious relationship, was staying separately from her husband for two months.Her parents have a property consultancy in Andheri (West). Her husband, with whom she had a love marriage, worked for her father, but later started working at a private company. The couple stayed in a rented flat in Versova, but the husband later shifted to Kandivli to look after his parents. The woman then moved in with her parents.The police have recorded the husband's statement as well. The couple have told the police they did not have any dispute.Last Wednesday morning, the woman's parents were speaking to her about the pain she was going through because of Gambhir's suicide before she went for a bath. After coming out of the bathroom, she told her family members that she was going inside the bedroom to change. From there, she jumped off the building. The police say she is recovering slowly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11517229", "title": "HC reserves order on CBI probe in Bhatta violence", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday reserved its verdict on a bunch of petitions seeking CBI probe into the police action in Bhatta-Parsaul village in Gautam Budh Nagar in which four persons, including two policemen, were killed during a farmers' agitation against land acquisition in May, 2011.A division bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice VK Dixit reserved its verdict for pronouncement of judgment in the second week of March on petitions filed by Atul Sharma and other residents of the village. The bench, however, made it clear and directed that the investigation into this case should go on, but the subordinate court will not take cognizance of it.The petitioners had demanded a CBI probe into the police firing of May 7, 2011, when a clash between the agitating farmers and the administration had also left many badly injured, including the then district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar.Violence had erupted when the police and administrative officials had gone to the village to rescue some state transport corporation personnel allegedly being held hostage by the agitating farmers.The incident had kicked off a major political storm as Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi charged after visiting the village that some villagers had complained to him that some of the protestors were burnt alive and women raped by the policemen.An FIR was lodged against some policemen and Provincial Armed Constabulary personnel following a Noida court order passed in November last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11519299", "title": "Hakimullah not dead: Taliban", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A day after reports that Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a US drone attack in North Waziristan, the militant group has said he is alive and the speculation about his death was a ruse to locate his whereabouts.Unnamed Pakistani security and intelligence officials were quoted by a section of the media on Sunday as saying that Mehsud had died in a drone attack in Dattakhel area in North Waziristan Agency on January 12.The region has witnessed numerous drone strikes. Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told reporters in the country's northwest that reports of Mehsud's death were false. \"There is no truth in reports about his death. However , he is a human being and can die any time. He is a mujahid and we wish him martyrdom ,\" he said.Two unnamed senior Taliban commanders and close aides of Mehsud told The News daily that the Taliban chief was alive. They said reports about his death were part of a \"plan to provoke Hakimullah to surface and approach the media\" . Other Taliban sources told the paper that the Jan 12 drone attack had killed nine people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518974", "title": "Netas in game of one-upmanship, step into future", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka's legislators are literally getting ahead of technology. MLAs here have demanded that each of them be given an iPad3 - which, incidentally, Apple is yet to launch.The MLAs' demand comes in the wake of their counterparts in the legislative council receiving an iPad2 last month. More than Rs 35.17 lakh was spent to buy the 64GB gadgets, each worth Rs 46,900, for 75 MLCs. Buying iPads for the 225 MLAs will cost more than Rs 1.05 crore.Recently, each MP was sanctioned Rs 50,000 to buy an iPad. Since then, MLAs, setting aside their differences, have been urging the assembly secretariat to provide them the \"better\" version of the iPad.KL Santosh of Channel 9, an authorized Apple retailer, said, \"There has been talk of iPad3 for 6-8 months. People know that after iPad2, it has to be iPad3; but this has not been officially announced on the Apple website. It has not been released. When it is, it will be released in the US first, and 60 days later in India.\"When TOI pointed out to secretariat officials that iPad3 has not yet been launched, they said the demand was made by a couple of Congress MLAs, and they were forced to incorporate it in a circular.However, in a comedy of errors, the secretariat circular says iPod3 will be given to MLAs. There is no such model of Apple's portable media player. MLAs N Sampangi and S R Vishwanath say iPads would make their work easier and faster. Sources say the secretariat plans to make some areas of the assembly lounge WiFi-enabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517132", "title": "No orders, so cops stood watching", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic in a large part of south and central Delhi was badly hit on Monday as more than 200 residents of BK Dutt Colony blocked Aurobindo Marg for around seven hours. More than 100 policemen present at the site did not try to clear the road for several hours, and in the evening they detained some of the protesters, including ex-MLA Ram Bhaj. Officials present at the spot said they did not have orders to use force on the protesters, which included women and children.The protesters demanded that the rear gate of the Shah-e-Mardan shrine in the locality be closed again after it was forced open by people observing the mourning ritual for Hazrat Imam Husain on Sunday. However, president of BK Dutt Colony RWA, SC Maini, said, \"The question of the land in and around Karbala is under consideration by the court and both communities need to wait for the final order\". Maini said the entry point that is under contention opens on the lane where local people park their cars. \"It has remained closed for more than four decades. What is the urgency to open it now?\" The protesters, mainly Hindus, alleged that the shrine's trustees, Anjuman-e-Haideri, had encroached upon the adjoining parks after Sunday's clash and made objectionable remarks.\"We could not sleep all night. There was sloganeering; people were throwing stones at our houses and police personnel had gheraoed the colony for security reasons. We were made to live under the fear of being killed by the mob,\" said Gurmeet Kaur, a housewife who lives near the shrine. She was one of the women from the locality who spread rugs on the road and organized the sit-in. Children and youths from the area provided logistical support with loudspeakers and eatables.However, Mushir Ali, executive member of Anjuman-E-Haideri, claimed the court has asked the civic bodies to hand over the disputed land. \"The police had forcibly sealed the gate six months ago at the behest of the local residents. We wanted to open it so that women and our VIPs may enter from the area. But police lathi-charged us instead,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519893", "title": "KVP questioned by CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: KVP Ramachandra Rao, Congress Rajya Sabha member and former advisor to Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, on Monday faced a series of questions from the CBI on the APIIC-Emaar scam. Based on his replies, the investigating agency recorded his statement as a witness.The Congress MP was summoned to Dilkusha guesthouse where the CBI is said to have asked him to explain how his wife and some of his close relatives acquired villa plots in the Emaar township.KVP reportedly said that he and his relatives had acquired them in June 2010 when he was not in control of the affairs of the state and after his brother-in-law Parthasarathy had retired as director of APIIC in May 2010. KVP also brought to the notice of the CBI four letters written between 2009 and Arpil 2010 by Parthasarathy to the state government warning of the brewing APIIC-Emaar scam, sources told TOI.The YSR aide even defended his brother-in-law by stating that he (Parthasarathy) was promoted as APIIC director only in June 2008, whereas all the key decisions were taken by the APIIC and Emaar Hills Township board comprising BP Acharya and Koneru R Prasad, much before that.The CBI reportedly questioned KVP about the meeting Emaar chairman Mohammad Alabbar had with the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and the subsequent reduction of the APIIC stake in the convention centre and the hotel project.AJ Jagannathan, then CEO of Emaar Properties, Dubai , had in a statement to the CBI said that it was KVP who had persuaded the state government at a meeting in 2005 to reduce its stake in the Hyderabad International Convention Centre. Immediately after this meeting and after it was decided by the authorities to bring in Emaar- MGF into the picture, Jagannathan reportedly developed several doubts about the way and the direction in which the project was heading contrary to the original agreement.Despite expressing his apprehensions, these doubts were never cleared and Jagannathan had left (or made to leave?) Emaar shortly after that.Meanwhile, the CBI was tightlipped about its efforts in reaching out to MGF chairman Sravan Gupta or Emaar Properties chairman Alabbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518762", "title": "Contract workers a grey area in hospital security", "text": "KOLKATA: Are health officials really concerned about security in government hospitals? If they are, why are unlicensed agencies providing security at these hospitals, flouting all the basic requirements?Top health department officials are well aware of the anomaly. Sources say that there were several written communications on the issue between government offices in the past couple of months.The trend started under the Left Front government in 2001, when some jobs were outsourced on contractual basis. These include recruitment of security guards, sweepers, kitchen and catering staff. Each major medical college and hospital in Kolkata has nearly 200 such contractual employees supplied by different private agencies. But surprisingly, the hospital authorities have little knowledge about the contractual workers who are now playing a major role in all hospitals.Some police officers admit they are worried. After a major law-and-order problem at Calcutta National Medical College recently, Kolkata Police recommended several steps to strengthen security inside hospitals. But nothing changed.\"To avoid crimes like theft and harassment of doctors, we asked the hospital to prevent outsiders from entering the wards. But the system always remains chaotic,\" said a police officer. He pointed out that several contractual workers are involved in tout rackets and thefts inside hospitals as employers have little control over them.Following written communications from principal secretary, health, Sanjay Mitra, labour department officers inspected all major government hospitals in September and October and found that contractors who supply securitymen and housekeeping staff don't even have a valid license issued by the labour department. What's more, the hospitals don't have license to hire contractual staff. The inspection also revealed that contractual employees working in hospitals have no duty register or roster.Senior health department officials describe this as a major security lapse because none of these contractual staff can be held accountable. Following the inspection, the labour department warned several hospitals like NRS and CNMCH but nothing changed.Finally, the labour department has filed a case against the Ex-Servicemen Resettlement Society - the agency which supplies security guards to all government hospitals. The Asian Detective Bureau, responsible for supplying contractual staff to different hospitals, has been show-caused.Basudeb Naiya, leader of Contractual Health Employees' Association, admitted to the problems. \"For long, we were demanding a government register for contractual employees. We don't even have an official duty roster. Even hospital authorities don't keep details about contractual employees,\" he said.Labour department officials say that if these agencies were licensed, they would have to submit details of their employees, their responsibilities and postings. Moreover, both employees and the agency would be accountable to the government. Labour commissioner Amal Roy Chowdhury confirmed that they have taken steps against some agencies supplying staff to government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517482", "title": "Next target: Illegal buildings in Kodambakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) will soon train its guns on illegal commercial buildings in Kodambakkam. A highly placed official in CMDA said the monitoring committee has received the Kodambakkam survey report, which was revised by the city corporation recently following the directions of the Madras high court-appointed monitoring committee.\"Now we are in the process of strengthening rules and parameters on a par with the T Nagar survey. The CMDA will soon commission the final report and the actions will be carried out immediately,\" said the official.The latest report revised by the Chennai Corporation has included violations recorded in recent months and the actions will mostly target multi-storeyed commercial buildings. \"The CMDA will also set the parameters for buildings and plan approvals and the floor space index (FSI) measures in Kodambakkam the same as T Nagar. The enforcement cell of CMDA will be initiating further decisions and the timeline of actions to be carried out,\" said the official.On July 15, 2011, the HC-appointed monitoring committee asked the corporation to rewrite the Kodambakkam survey report after it found that the report failed to reflect the ground reality and the intensity of violations. \"The report was supposed to be complete in June 2010. The monitoring committee held on May 2010 was asked to finalise the report in a month. But the corporation was asked to recheck the violations again several times,\" said the official.Inordinate delay in taking action against previous violators ensured that illegal buildings mushroomed across the city. \"Lack of officials in the enforcement cell of CMDA and the reluctance of local bodies in taking timely actions led to more than 7,000 violations being recorded in the last four years alone,\" said a senior urban planner of CMDA.Following the decisions of monitoring committee held last week, CMDA is now preparing for actions against 136 unauthorized structures and also decided to survey multi-storeyed commercial buildings in Adyar, Tiruvanmiyur, Anna Nagar Second Avenue and Shanti Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518721", "title": "Tourism hub at wetland", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee recently re-visited the 480-acre Rajarhat waterbody where she wants to set up an eco-tourism park. The CM has asked the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) to start work on the project.\"We will now start work,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen.Earlier, ILFS was engaged to prepare a plan. After completing its survey, the firm has submitted an inception report to Hidco and also gave a detailed presentation on the proposed plan. The final report will be placed before the chief minister Mamata Banerjee.According to the plan, the huge waterbody and its surrounding area in Rajarhat's central business district will be turned into a vast open-air recreational spot where eco-tourism will be developed along the lines of Nalban. Various eco-friendly activities like water sports are also on the cards at the proposed park which will have pedestrian plazas and food stalls.After coming to power, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had instructed Hidco to develop the 480-acre waterbody land into an eco-tourism hubvenue. She was, in fact, returning from the airport after a trip to Darjeeling and stopped by at the water body.Hidco had found that the waterbody was lying in utter neglect. The Hidco board under the Left Front government had planned to develop Rajarhat's water bodies but there was no progress.nothing happened on the ground.Hidco is also working on setting up children's parks in Rajarhat New Town, Sen said.At present, several multi-storied high rise residential complexes are coming up. Though most of them will have parks and open space inside the complex itself, there has hardly been any effort to develop open green spaces in the township.Hidco is also working on plans to give the upcoming township an aesthetic, clean and green look. The authorities had earlier asked residential complex developers of Rajarhat New Town who have constructed of residential complexes in Rajarhat New Town to suggest details of beautification programmes in order to develop the township as a futuristic smart city. \"We recently held our second meeting on this issue and there will be more talks to come up with plans and implement them,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521600", "title": "Spot boy loses 16kg in 45 days", "text": "Inspired by the crew on the sets of Bol Bachchan, spot boy loses 16 kilos in 45 daysHere's one story that will bring a smile to all those people who want to lose weight but don't know if they are up to it.A 30-plus spot boy on the sets of Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan Raghuvir Rai aka Raghu, as he is popularly called was so inspired by watching everyone work out on the sets that he too decided to lose weight, and how. With a little help from Ajay Devgn and Rohit Shetty, he went on to lose 16 kg in less than two months and now weighs a mean 87kg, which he plans on maintaining.\"I was 85kg when I joined this unit around six years back. But I soon became around 103kg. We were in Jaipur on the sets of Bol Bachchan when I watched everyone from Ajay Sir to Abhishek Bachchan to Rohit Shetty sweating it out everyday. I felt very conscious and decided to lose weight,\" Raghu said.Did the cast and the crew help him in any way? \"I spoke to Ajay Sir and he told me to jog and walk everyday, and then get on to weights. He even put me on to his trainer Prashant, who also told me to jog everyday. Our set was quite far from the hotel because of which I would jog 12km everyday from a bridge 6km from the hotel. After pack-up, I would again get down at the bridge and walk 6km back to the hotel. I was running and jogging everyday for 18km. That's how I managed to lose 16kg in less than two months,\" Raghu revealed.What's next? Raghu makes it a point to jog everyday although he does not follow any fixed diet. Yes, he would be happier if he reduced another 2kg to reach his original figure. When people ask him if he was unwell or something, he just replies, \"Nahi bhai mein jogging karta hoon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519428", "title": "Scanners to check illegal sand transport", "text": "PUNE: The administration has introduced round-the-clock monitoring of sand transporters at the four toll nakas in Pune district.The nakas have been provided with laptops and scanners to detect fake and unauthorised transport passes/receipts, often used by truck drivers to transport sand illegally. With the new system in place, the authorities expect about 60% drop in illegal sand transport.\"Every sand truck driver in Pune district is issued a transport pass/receipt with a specialized mark. The driver will be asked to produce this receipt at the naka. A scanner and the software installed in a laptop will check to find out if it is fake,\" said an official. Besides, the system will help initiate on-the-spot action against erring truck drivers.The system would start functioning within the next seven days. Laptops and scanners have already been dispatched to the circle heads of the respective areas. The toll nakas at Perne (Ahmednagar road), Shindewadi (Satara road), Urulikanchan (Solapur road) and Shikrapur-Chakan road will have the new system installed.An official said, \"The new system would help ensure that trucks from nearby districts do not have unrestricted entry into Pune district.\"Baramati, Daund, Indapur, Shirur and Haveli are notorious for illegal mining and transportation. As per estimates, about 7,000 trucks are involved in transport of sand to construction sites in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad areas. Last year, as many as five check posts (nakas) were set up jointly by the district administration and the highway police at key entry points to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11517993", "title": "Goa among four states to default on school mapping", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has not even begun with the recommended school mapping exercise under the Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, it was found at a conference of state education secretaries held in Delhi from January 4 to 6. School mapping is essential under the act to establish access to schools available to children in the state.At the meeting conducted by the Union human resource development ministry, most states were found to have either completed or begun the process of school mapping as recommended by the Union government. Goa was part of a small group of just four states that have not initiated the process. Uttar Pradesh , Chandigarh and Sikkim were the others who have defaulted on the requirement.Section 3 of the RTE Act provides that every child between the age of six and fourteen years has the right to free and compulsory education in a neighbourhood school till the completion of elementary education. The idea of neighbourhood schools can be traced to the Kothari Commission report, where the neighbourhood school is meant to be a common space, where all children cutting across caste, class, gender lines learn together in the best inclusive manner.It is, therefore, meant to be a site for inclusion, so that the school becomes a common space for education. This concept has been incorporated in the RTE Act. However, this does not mean that the child must perforce attend the neighbourhood school and does not have the choice to attend any other school.Section 6 of the RTE Act states, \"For carrying out the provisions of this act, the appropriate government and local authority shall establish, within such area or limits of neighbourhood, as may be prescribed, a school, where it is not so established, within a period of three years from the commencement of this act.\"This three-year deadline ends in March 2013 and states need to arrive at a clear picture of current availability of schools with the defined limits of neighbourhoods. This will require mapping of neighbourhoods or habitations and linking them to specific schools. It is possible under the school mapping exercise that a neighbourhood may be linked to more than one school.Similarly, a school may be linked to more than one neighbourhood. A comprehensive exercise will help identify gaps and areas where new schools need to be opened. But with just close to a year to go before the central government's RTE act deadline to Goa ends, the state is yet to begin the process of identifying the gaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518995", "title": "Tricity cops to fight crime together", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally, decks are clear for the setting up of a Joint Investigation Team (JIT) in Tricity of Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali for investigation of cases of serious nature like murder, kidnapping, as Mohali police has also accorded its consent for the joint team. Formal information in this regard was made by the counsel for Punjab government on Monday during the resumed hearing of an ongoing public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an NGO after the most sensational kidnapping and murder case of Khushpreet in Chandigarh. However, an affidavit in this concern would be filed on behalf of SSP, Mohali, on February 10.Importantly, Chandigarh as well as Panchkula police had already given their consent for a JIT. The team would be headed by the senior most SSP from the Tricity. Team would be provided with requisite logistical support, resource and manpower from the states of Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh.Khuspreet murder case that took place in December 2010 was the most sensational case so far in the history of Chandigarh police where kidnapper had killed the child even after receiving ransom. The Chandigarh police had failed to act swiftly in the case and it was its 'negligent' action, which ultimately led to Khuspreet death.Alleging that UT police has failed miserably to solve the case, the PIL filed by World Human Rights Protection Council (WHPC) through its counsel Ranjan Lakhanpal had sought directions for CBI probe into matter and formulating special cell to deal with such cases in Tricity. Following the PIL, the HC had issued notice to UT as well as Haryana and Punjab Police to file their response.UT had already informed the HC that they had arrested all accused of Khushpreet's killing and trial is against them is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11519866", "title": "Wild boar hunter dies in cross firing", "text": "A 30-year-old man from Karnataka died when his hunting companion accidentally shot him while chasing a wild boar at Basheerabad of neighbouring Ranga Reddy district on Monday. According to Basheerabad sub-inspector Raghunath, a group of hunters from the bordering Chincholi area of Karnataka came to Basheerabad on Monday morning to hunt wild boars.\"After closing in on the animals , one of the hunters opened fire, but the bullet missed the target and hit a fellow hunter, Mohan, standing in the opposite direction,\" the SI said. Following the incident, hunters shifted the body to a nearby government hospital, where Mohan was declared brought dead. The SI said that they were waiting for the family members of the victim to arrive at the hospital to take a complaint and book a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519644", "title": "Gang, including 11 women, held for planning dacoity", "text": "PUNE: A gang of 17 people planning a dacoity at two companies at Sanaswadi on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway, was arrested on Sunday morning by the Pune rural police.The gang comprised 11 women, 6 men and two minors, all from Pimpri. Knives and iron rods were recovered from them. This is the first time so many women have been arrested in connection with a dacoity, say the police.Speaking to TOI, police sub-inspector Sangramsinh Patil of the Shikrapur police station said that while on patrol around 2 am, he and his team noticed a goods carrier parked near Nareshwar Phata. \"We grew suspicious and searched the vehicle. The entire gang was sitting in the vehicle and we found sharp weapons and iron rods too,\" Patil said.\"We took the suspects to the police station for questioning. During interrogation they revealed that they were preparing to target the two companies,\" Patil said.Those arrested have been identified as Janabai Sasane, Chaya Nikalje, Laxmi Khalase, Asha Kharat, Meena Gaikwad, Meena Yadav, Prayaga Shinde, Lata Mane, Meena Chavan, Laxmi Rokar, Mangal Gokhale, Ashok Kharat, Raghunath Avad, Navnath Gaikwad, Ashok Gaikwad, Dharma Mali and Sachin Kamble.According to Patil, the police think the gang planned to enter the premises of the companies while they were closed, thrash the security guards and steal the raw material and finished products. \"Similar cases have occurred in Sanaswadi,\" said Patil. \"We are investigating whether the women have previous criminal records. The male suspects have cases registered against them at various Pune (rural) police stations.\"The women were produced in court and sent to Yerawada central prison, while the men were remanded to police custody for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517744", "title": "Illegal constructions on Patna College campus demolished", "text": "PATNA: Patna College campus looked cleaner on Monday with the demolition of over a dozen unauthorized constructions on its premises, thanks to the initiative taken by Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh.Taking cognizance of the ever-mushrooming constructions in and around PU colleges and university departments, the university had served notices to 65 people living in an unauthorized manner on the campus. The university had asked them to vacate and demolish the illegal constructions.As the class IV staff, along with outsiders, continued to reside in these illegal constructions, the university administration and the district administration swung into action and demolished several constructions inside the Patna College premises on Monday.PU officials including students' welfare dean, development officer and university engineer besides the Pirbahore police and accompanying magistrates reached the college along with a bulldozer and tractors and demolished these constructions. Family members of some of the occupants of these constructions tried to resist the move , but they did not succeed.Under the anti-encroachment drive, all the unauthorized constructions around Darbhanga House, PU guest house, Iqbal Hostel, Nadvi Hostel, Minto and Jackson hostels are to be demolished. About 30 to 35 illegal constructions in and around Darbhanga House complex are to be demolished, said PU Teachers' Association general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh.PU is also contemplating to shift the department of Ancient Indian history and Archaeology from its present location in front portion of Patna College to somewhere else to enhance the look of this premier college. The Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, presently located inside Patna College, is also to be shifted to Saidpur complex.The university is likely to take up the anti-encroachment drive in other institutions including Patna Science College, B N College and Patna Law College in the seond phase, said a PU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518471", "title": "Citizens, police seize 2.4 tonnes of beef in Shahpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents of Qureshi Chowk in Shahpur raised an alarm on Monday when they found the manner in which a mini van was passing through the area to be suspicious. While the driver managed to flee, the denizens nabbed the cleaner after chasing the van and found that the vehicle was carrying beef.\"We nabbed Mohammed Yunus Qureshi, 38, cleaner of the vehicle, from the spot. Driver of the van managed to flee. We found 1 tonne of beef coming in as mutton laden in the van. Search for owner of the van is on,\" said M M Vasava, inspector of Shahpur police station.In two separate incidents, city police seized a total of 2.4 tonnes of beef from Shahpur. After receiving the news of police raid, groups of people had started gathering in communally sensitive areas but police intervened and prevented any major incident.In another operation, a team of city police officials found an SUV abandoned near the Mirzapur mutton market on Monday morning, from which they have seized 1,400 kilograms of beef. The driver of the SUV is absconding. We have sent the number to RTO to find more about the owner and driver,\" said Vasava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518416", "title": "Dry icy winds keep chill alive", "text": "LUCKNOW: The weather remained chilly for the sixth consecutive day in the city on Saturday due to dry icy winds. Minimum temperature was 5.8 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal, and the maximum temperature was 21.3 degrees Celsius. However, the state Met department predicted change in the conditions from Sunday with clouds and the rise in night temperatures. Similar conditions will prevail on Monday with a possibility of light rain.State Met director JP Gupta said that the western disturbance, which has hit the Himalayan region, is causing snow and rainfall in hill areas. The western disturbance is also expected to cause rain in the northwest UP -- the Rohilkhand and Terai belt, he said. The impact of the weather change will also be felt in other parts of the state including Lucknow in form of cloud cover. The chances of rain are low but overcast skies will lead to rise in minimum temperature and some drop in the day temperatures, he said. The impact of the western disturbance is expected to last for the next three days. Hailstorm may occur at one or two places over Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, north Rajasthan and northwest UP on January 15 and 16.Meanwhile, according to the reports reaching the state Met headquarters till Saturday evening, Najibabad continued to be the coldest in the state with minimum temperature of 2.0 degrees Celsius. While Agra recorded 3.8 degrees Celsius minimum temperature, Mirzapur recorded 3.6 degrees Celsius, Banda 3.8 degrees Celsius, Etawah 4.2 degrees Celsius, Shahjahanpur 4.4 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 6.0 degrees Celsius and Allahabad 8.4 degrees Celsius. While the minimum temperatures in most parts of the state remained 1-6 degrees below normal, the maximum temperature during the day was 1-4 degrees below normal. However, dry icy winds kept the chill alive in the atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "berhampur/ bhubaneswar", "code": "11517307", "title": "Central team checks on avian health in Chilika", "text": "BERHAMPUR/ BHUBANESWAR: A Central expert team visited Chilika lake on Monday to study the symptoms of bird flu among migratory birds in the wake of the H5NI virus detected in birds at Keranga and Betanati in Khurda and Mayurbhanj districts respectively.The two-member surveillance team observed the behaviour of migratory birds in the lake, particularly in the Nalabana bird sanctuary area, said a senior officer of Chilika wildlife division. Among the 8,83,060 birds of 167 different species counted in the lake this winter, 3.18 lakh of them were sighted in Nalabana bird sanctuary area alone, official sources said.Fears of avian flu spread to Chilika, the biggest water fowl habitat in the country, with a brown-headed gull found dead in Nalabana sanctuary last Thursday. Besides the dead bird, swabs and blood samples of other birds have been collected from the sanctuary by doctors of veterinary department for testing.\"We have not received the test reports yet,\" said divisional forest officer of Chilika wildlife division, B P Acharya. He said surveillance has been stepped up in Chilika to check the spread of bird flu.Meanwhile, wildlife officials arrested a bird poacher and seized at least 28 dead birds from him in Sorana on Sunday evening. The dead birds included 26 pintails and two coots, sources said. There were two poachers, one of whom fled from the spot, assaulting the patrolling team, the DFO said.Migratory birds from far off places, including Caspian Sea, Lake Baikal, remote parts of Russia , central and Southeast Asia , Ladakh and Himalayas descend on the 1,100 sq km lake every winter for feeding and roosting. They start their homeward journey with the onset of summer. Majority of the winged guests prefer to spend their winter in the 15.59 sq km Nalabana bird sanctuary.Meanwhile, culling operations practically ended at Keranga in Khurda district on Monday, as the state government intensified surveillance at Bahanada and adjoining areas in Betanoti block of Mayurbhanj to prevent spread of bird flu. Official sources said the Centre was yet to give its advice on whether culling should be taken up at Betanoti. At Keranga, culling operations ended with a total of 31,912 poultry birds getting killed during the five-day exercise, official sources said. 61,371 eggs and 29971 kg poultry feed were also destroyed. A total of Rs 22.49 lakh would be given as compensation to the local people and a farm owner, sources added. Surveilance would continue at Keranga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11517452", "title": "'Centre trying to keep Nagas out of peace process'", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (IM) general secretary Th Muivah has alleged that the Centre was trying to keep out the Naga people from the peace process by preventing the outfit from interacting with them.Muivah said a similar attitude was witnessed in 2010 during his proposed journey to his native village at Somdal in Manipur. He added that not allowing to interact with the Sumi Nagas on Saturday was quite unexpected as the ceasefire and political peace process have touched the 14th year.In a message to the Sumis, Muivah said, \"We are forced to question the wisdom of the Indian leadership.\" Stating that the Nagas have come to the negotiating table seeking a peaceful political solution, he said the actions of the Centre have raised questions about the real intention of the government.Reiterating the positive role of the Sumis, Muivah said their sacrifice was immense. He called upon the Nagas, including the Sumis, to understand each other. \"It is high time to have an understanding among us to decide the right way and become masters of our own fate,\" he added.Stating that the philosophy of the NSCN was \"people-based\" and they are inalienable in all decisions that would decide the common future, Muivah iterated the NSCN's commitment to the Naga people. NSCN (IM) Chairman, Isak Chishi Swu said they would soon go to Zunheboto and meet the Sumis. He added that the Sumis have been playing an active role in the Naga political issue and alleged that the intention of the government was to implement a \"divide and rule\" policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518194", "title": "NCP wants 32, Congress ready to give 28", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress-NCP see-saw battle for seats entered a crucial phase on Monday with the Congress saying it's ready to give 28 seats. The NCP meanwhile said it would not taken anything less than 32 for a pre-poll alliance in the NMC polls, scheduled exactly a month away.Leaders of both parties had repeated rounds of talks since Sunday evening when senior NCP leader Praful Patel arrived to guide them on the issue.On Monday, during the latest joint talks with the Congress, AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar , who heads the local committee to decide on the issue, made it clear that the Congress could concede 28 seats at the most.\"We are ready to accommodate the eight seats where they have sitting members and Prakash Gajbhiye, who joined the NCP subsequently. This along with 18 seats where the NCP claims they were at No.2 position last time could be given to them,\" said Muttemwar.But, NCP local parliamentary board chief Anil Deshmukh came out with statement that they would agree on 32 and no less. Seats in north Nagpur assembly segment seem to the bone of contention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11518149", "title": "Bhandara district 'anewari' at .63 paise", "text": "BHANDARA: The district administration has announced Kharif crop anewari (final crop production percentage) of 847 villages of the district, with the average anewari of the district at 0.63 paise. Last year, the anewari had been 0.62 paise, and has increased by only 0.1 paisa.Anewari is the crop production measuring system of the British period and it is still followed by the state government though it is vehemently opposed by political as well as farmer class.There are 878 villages in the district, kharif crop of paddy is taken in 852 villages and anewari of 847 villages has been declared. There is not a single village whose anewari is below 0.50 paise. Taluka-wise anewari is as follows Bhandara 0.64 paise, Mohali 0.63, Tumsar 0.63, Paoni 0.62, Sakoli 0.64, Lakhandur 0.62 and Lakhani 0.63 paise.Anewari below 0.50 paise is treated as drought-like situation and provisions of drought manual are then applicable to the district. This year anewari for all villages is more than 0.50 paise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519051", "title": "Getting solar-powered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From next year, at least half a dozen government buildings of the Chandigarh administration would largely become solar energy equipped. After preparing a detailed master plan to make Chandigarh solar energy efficient, the Chandigarh administration after a detailed survey has sent a proposal regarding six government buildings and government houses of judges in Sector 24 for approval to the Union government. Initially, the administration had earmarked Rs 19 crore for the project.The government buildings that would be made solar energy efficient in the first phase are Punjab Engineering College (PEC), Government College for Girls (GCG), Sector 11, post-graduate government college, Sector 11, Paryavaran Bhawan, Model Burail Jail, government senior secondary school, Sector 46 D besides house of judges in Sector 24. The administration has revealed that over 1700 megawatt (MW) energy will be generated through the proposed plan which will subsequently be provided to the above mentioned government buildings and the residences of judges in a specific ratio.PEC, GCG, Sector 11 and post graduate government college, Sector 11, will be provided 500 kilowatt (kW) solar energy each. Burail jail will get 100 kW, while Paryavaran Bhawan, government senior secondary school and residences of judges will get 50 kW, 45 kW and 10 kW solar energy respectively.When asked, UT director, science and technology, Santosh Kumar said, \"After a lengthy exercise, we have finally prepared our master plan to make the city solar-energy efficient. Under this plan, we will make all prominent buildings of the city solar energy-equipped and then take it to residential and other commercial areas.\" According to information, though Government of India has planned to develop 60 cities of the country as solar cities, but two cities -- Chandigarh and Nagpur -- were chosen as model solar cities in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519230", "title": "Cops find it hard to identify accused", "text": "KOCHI: When the city police launched a probe into an incident in which a group of 10 foreign nationals appeared nude on the balcony of an apartment at Thrikkakara, they were in for a surprise. They could not trace the accused from the group as all of them looked alike.\"All the accused hailing from Nigeria have similar looks. The complaints do not specify any particular person from the group. We have to identify the accused. Above all, we cannot understand the English spoken by the Nigerians. We cannot take a decision in haste as the accused are all foreign nationals,\" said the police officials. A team of police officials from the Thrikkakara station had visited the apartment and conducted an inquiry.On Sunday, the residents in the locality lodged a complaint with the office of the city police commissioner seeking action against the Nigerians who were standing nude on the balcony of their apartment. Preliminary probe revealed that they are students of a private institution and are staying in the apartment which has been taken on rent by the institution and converted into a hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519737", "title": "Poachers use IEDs to target ravaging boars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjabi passion for \"skaatch and meat\" in winter is satisfied in a horrific way. Poachers booby-trap fields and game trails at night with low-intensity improvised explosive devices (IEDs) that blow off the jaws of wild animals tempted by the coating of maize and kneaded wheat flour. Wild boars that ravage agrarian tracts are the most common victims, sambhars, barking deer, jackals, dogs and cattle have also fallen prey.\"IEDs only require correct placement and all that a poacher has to do is to inspect the spot in the morning and take the animal if it is worth eating. Explosive devices are made from commonly procured materials like ammonium nitrate, potassium nitrate, glycerine and even urea. Some poachers even improvise the chemical mix by adding coal used by 'dhobis' for ironing. A dash of Diwali cracker 'masala' is used to trigger the blast once the animal starts to gnaw at it,\" said Gurmit Singh, member, Punjab State Wildlife Advisory Board, and former chief wildlife warden.Nikhil Sanger of the Wildlife Conservation Society has often come across animal carcasses blasted by IEDs. He says some explosive devices are triggered by the action of saliva on chemicals contained in the IED. The device is tied up with jute or gunny bag strings, but a wily poacher may even give it an outer layer of jaggery to lure boars.\"I came across a boar whose lower jaw had been blasted off. Yet, the animal staggered a 100 yards before it died. It must have died a very agonising death. A boar is a very tough animal, but its jaw has some very vulnerable bones that are ripped off by the impact of this explosive. In the Nurpur-Bhaddi jungles of Nawashahr in Lower Shiwaliks, I came across a pair of sambhars, whose mouths had been blasted off. Poachers had even sawed off the antlers of a dead male sambhar. I knew of a pet Dobermann that once swallowed this IED after it strayed into the fields and the device went off in its stomach after the liquids reacted to IED chemicals,\" said Sanger.Boar pickle is a much sought after delicacy in Punjab, with supplies surreptitiously reaching VIPs in the administrative, police and political circles. Retired Haryana Wildlife Inspector Sadaram, who has a rich field experience of wildlife conservation in Lower Shiwaliks, says \"Communities like Sikkligars have certain elements which make and use these explosives. Boars are the prime target. Even those tribal communities sitting by the roadside and selling all kinds of indigeneous cures, lizards/bats and 'jaddi-booti\" among others in bottles use these devices for poaching. It is a very cheap method and presents no danger to the poacher.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519772", "title": "HMDA nod to inter-city bus terminus", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) on Monday approved two major projects - an inter-city bus terminal at Miyapur and logistics parks at Batasingaram &amp; Mangalapally.The HMDA board also approved an extension on the receiving of suggestions and objections to the draft blueprint for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Plan-2031 by a month to February 21. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who is also the HMDA board chairman, directed officials to get the draft master plan translated into Urdu for greater inclusiveness.The chief minister chaired the authority's fourth meeting and reviewed the projects being taken up by it. He also asked officials to complete all new projects as per schedule.The inter-city bus terminal at Miyapur would be taken up under the public private partnership (PPP) mode. It would have one lakh square feet built up area, passenger terminals with 200 bus bays, platforms for out-station buses, parking space for 1,000 buses, 30 bus bays for city buses, fuel filling stations, dormitories for drivers, two, three and four-wheeler parking, budget hotel, medical and emergency facilities, police outpost and restaurants.The meeting also approved a logistics park on 40 acres at Batasingaram on Vijayawada highway (NH-9). The park would have parking facilities for 500 trucks, two lakh sq.ft warehousing facility, 10,000 metric tonne (MT) capacity of cold storage provision, automobile service centres, dormitories, restaurants, fuel stations, commercial and office space, electronic weigh bridge and primary health centre.Another logistics park at Mangalpally on Nagarjunasagar highway (about 500 meters from Outer Ring Road near Bonguluru junction) on 22 acres of land has been approved by the board. The Mangalpally park would have parking facilities for 250 trucks, one lakh sq.ft warehousing facilities, cold storage facilities for 5000 MTs, automobile service centres, dormitories, restaurants, fuel stations, commercial and office spaces.Kiran Kumar directed officials to speed up the ORR's Dundigal-Shamirpet stretch.The chief minister also reviewed the progress of other projects like residential layout at Uppal Bagath, comprehensive transportation study for Hyderabad metropolitan area, work on the PVNR Elevated Expressway ramps, inner ring road to Mylardevpally (via Laxmiguda, Jalpally and Mamidipally to Srisailam highway), ongoing construction of the rail over bridge (ROB) between KPHB and Hi-Tec City, construction of bridge across the Musi near Bapu Ghat, Hussainsagar lake and catchment area improvement and cleaning project and radial road works.The HMDA board also approved an extension on the receiving of suggestions and objections to the draft blueprint for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Plan-2031 by a month to February 21. The CM, who is also the HMDA board chairman, directed officials to get the draft master plan translated into Urdu for greater inclusiveness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518967", "title": "Are vulnerable to lung infections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Doctors say children in the city are suffering from respiratory infections as they are being exposed to very cold weather in the morning. In recent days, clinics and medical facilities have been attending to between 30-40 children every day, who are suffering from pneumonia.Harsh weather leaves those aged between 4-15 years of age particularly vulnerable to respiratory infections.Recurirng infections are also quite common as children catch those again in the classroom. \"Blood thickens during winters. When one suddenly wakes up from slumber, it can upset the body's mechanism. It is this disturbance which leads to vomiting and winter diarrohea in children,\" said Dr R S Bedi, paediatrician and president of the Indian Association of Medicine, Chandigarh chapter. Exposure to cold triggers adeno viruses, which cause respiratory infections. \"It isn't just asthmatic and bronchitis-suffering children that are vulnerable to change in weather. Others are at equal risk of contacting diseases like pneumonia. Fog adversely affects their condition as particulate matter is suspended in it along with the pollutants in the air. This is the air which gets inside the air passage and results in respiratory problems,\" said Dr Sadhbhavna, paediatrician at the Government Multispecialty Hospital in Sector 16. Meteorological department has predicted that weather would get colder in coming days. \"There might be hailstorm and rain within a day or so. We also expect dense fog, which would settle following the rain,\" said department's director Surendra Pal. Going by data complied by PGI in one of its studies, it was found the city had a population of 20,000 children and 40,000 adults who were suffering from asthma. \"Most children, who go to school, suffer from allergies at this time of the season. The city has a huge number of asthmatics and children who have an infection easily transmit that to the others,\" said Dr Abhinav Gupta, a Panchkula-based medical specialist.Runny nose due to flu can cause infection of the ear. It is the variation in temperature that has been causing this problem. Schools must delay timings Dr Raman Abrol | ent specialistCold acts as a stimulant resulting in pulmonary infections especially in children who have low immunity. A sudden change in the temperature exposes one to seasonal flu Dr Amit Mandal | pulmonologistWe are seeing so many school-going children with respiratory problems. They are exposed to extreme weather conditions early in the morning. Dr R S Bedi | paediatricianDos and Don'ts Cover head and face of children when out in extreme conditions Drink lot of warm fluids Do not leave heated surroundings too quickly. First, adapt to outside temperature by switching off heaters Those who are allergic, must increase dose of medicine under supervision of a doctor Avoid skipping breakfast. Healthy diet is necessary to enhance immunity Take zinc supplements. Green, leafy vegetables are a source of zinc In case of high fever that persists for over two days, consult a doctor Avoid going to school when infected with a viral", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518461", "title": "States working hard to weed out graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gauging public mood against corruption, state governments are working hard to appear committed to transparency. At least two states - Himachal Pradesh and Odisha - have signed an \"integrity pact'' with NGO, Transparency International India (TII), while two others have expressed their willingness. The pact once signed commits a state to ensure that the procurements done by the public sector organization adhere to ethical standards and are monitored by an external party.TII chairman P S Bawa said, \"Odisha is the first state to sign the IP and we have received a good response from Himachal as well. Bihar is making inquiries and we may sign up with them soon.'' Uttarakhand government has also announced its intention to establish systems for transparent procurement, although TII has not been consulted on this.An integrity pact establishes mutual contractual rights and obligations to reduce the high-procurement cost and adverse effects of corruption. It covers all contract-related activities from pre-selection of bidders, bidding, contracting, implementation, completion and operation.Significantly, India is perceived to be one of the most corrupt nations, and ranked 87 among 178 countries in TI corruption perception index, 2010.The ministry of company affairs, the Central Vigilance Commission and the Administrative Reforms Commission have instructed all public sector organizations to sign the pact. However, only 44 PSUs have signed up so far. Expressing his dissatisfaction at this Vigilance Commissioner R Sri Kumar said, ``Things have not been happening as we would like them to...Time has come when people have come on the streets to demand clean procurement.''Former CVC Pratyush Sinha agreed with him adding that there was a lot of focus on punitive corruption and not enough on preventive corruption. \"The loss of public trust is palpable and this will become worse,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517959", "title": "Ramesh Sippy replaces Om Puri as NFDC chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noted film director Ramesh Sippy has been appointed chairman of the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC). He replaces veteran actor Om Puri .The I&B; ministry has also appointed Jawahar Wattal and Odiya cinematographer A K Bir as independent directors.Though NFDC has been in financial doldrums for some years, it has recently seen a turnaround. The ministry has made a conscious decision to ensure focus on mainstream films as well as advertisements and parallel cinema with the appointment of the three eminent personalities.After 2003, the Corporation lost ground in their existing commercial activities and could not identify any alternative source of revenue that led to declining revenues, high manpower costs and almost no development activities. However, over the last three years, efforts have been made to segregate the marketing of films, separating mainstream and developmental projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518353", "title": "Sunrise marks onset of auspicious period", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands will take a holy dip in the Gomti river on the festival of Makar Sankranti, to be celebrated in the city on Sunday. But the Gomti banks are reeling under filthy conditions. Except for a few ghats where locals had pooled in money to ensure cleanliness, there is dirt and filth accumulated on most of the ghats.\"There is no one to give an ear to the problems. It is a ritual to take a dip in the holy water but nowadays, the purity is being compromised,'' complained a local man. Having got his side of the ghat cleaned, Lallu Guru said, \"It is believed that on this day, the Earth comes closer to the Sun. Hence, the day is marked by ritualistic festivities. It is an auspicious festival and authorities need to act to get the Gomti banks clean.''According to a legend, Makar Sankranti celebrations are held because this day represents end of negativities and beginning of an era filled with truth on this Earth. Besides, the festival also commemorates the beautiful relationship of a father with his children. And as per the scriptures, Sun god visits the house of his son Shani on Makar Sankranti. \"The father &amp; son usually do not get along nicely, but despite of the differences, Sun makes it a point to meet Shani on this day. He stays in the house of his son for a period of one month. During this period, the son honours his father with all he can,'' said Chandra Bhushan Pathak of Sanatam Ashram.Symbolically, children in Hindu families seek blessings from the elders. In turn, the families pray for their wellbeing. \"Parents bless their children to attain strength in order to fight against all odds, and carry forward this tradition,'' explained Shilpi Singh, a housewife. The festival also marks the onset of harvest season for the farmers. They pray to Sun god to bless them with a good harvest and usher good luck and happiness in everyone's life.At homes, 'khichri' is made from rice and 'urad daal'. With this, people consume 'papad', 'chutney' and 'achaar'. On this day, people give alms to the poor. The charity is done as per the pocket size of the person. People distribute 'daal', 'atta', or other household things like bedsheets, woollens etc. Women prepare sweets from til (sesame seeds), jaggery and groundnut. Explaining the significance of these ingredients, Mridula Kapoor, a housewife, said, \"Til and jaggery are supposed to give warmth to the body. They also help in keeping winter ailments at bay.''Other belief is that, Vishnu, the caretaker of human beings, incarnates to end the terror reign of 'asuras' (devils) in all 'yugas'. On one Makar Sankranti, He had killed all the 'asuras' and buried their heads under the Mandar Parvat for ever. Hence, the day underlines the victory of good over the evil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522051", "title": "Love Failure goes viral", "text": "Youtube is emerging as the favorite publicity tool for filmmakers. We all know what it did to Tamil actor Dhanush's fortunes with the video of Kolaveri Di going viral.Trailer of actor Siddharth's upcoming offering, \"Love Failure\" seems to have caught the fancy of the online community. The trailer has clocked over 1,20,000 hits since it went online a day ago. Actor Siddharth just cannot stop raving about it online. \"Combined youtube views for @__KSY__ @__LoveFailure__ crosses 100000 in the first 24hours ....Thanks for the tremendous support guys. Cheers! Very happy to have Y not studios as my partner in my first production. Amazing team.Life changing friendships. Hope we make lots of films:)\"(sic) tweeted the actor. Touted to be a romantic comedy, \"Love Failure\" is based on a short film and to be directed by debutant Balaji Mohan. Starring Siddharth and Amala Paul in the lead roles, the film is being produced by Y Not Studios. SS Thaman is composing the music for the film. He seems to be equally kicked about the prospects of the film. \"Love failure / Ksy will be the best successful love story told in recent times jus loved it guys it's. Goona be the best valentine toooo :)\" (sic) he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11519809", "title": "Gymnastics meet from Jan 17", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad District Gymnastics Association (DDGA), Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) and Pavan Gymnastics Club, Dharwad will jointly organize state-level gymnastics competitions for boys and girls in Dharwad on January 17 and 18.According to DDGA secretary and renowned gymnast Vithal Murtugudde, the competitions will be held at the Mallasajjana Vyayamashala in Dharwad.About 200 boys and girls representing ten teams from across the state including national medalists Ujwal Naidu, Smita (Bangalore), Siddharoodh and Amrut (Dharwad) are participating in the event.The gymnastics event will also serve as the selection trials for the state team, Vithal Murtugudde said.Member of Parliament Pralhad Joshi will inaugurate the event at 10.30am on January 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518576", "title": "Lax vigil at hospitals leaves patients unsafe", "text": "KOLKATA: If you wish to visit a patient at the SSKM Hospital neo-natal unit, just walk in. If it's the visiting hour, then chances of you being stopped at the gate and asked for your visitor's card are minimal. The lone security guard at the gate struggles to scan and question the stream of visitors who squeeze through once the clock strikes four. Outsiders loiter in the corridors and a row of shanties has sprung up near the gates which are permanently occupied by patients' relatives.A policeman has been posted at the entrance following the baby theft from Chittaranjan National Medical College Hospital last Friday. But that's grossly inadequate, admit the hospital authorities. Unless entry is restricted, the risk element can't be cut out, they say. A plan is now being drawn up to augment security inside the wards and the campus. \"But that can work only if we manage to bar people from just walking into the buildings. We don't have enough security personnel to monitor and prevent visitors from forcing into the wards. We are reviewing the security system and will revamp it soon,\" said Provash Chakraborty, hospital superintendent.Scores camp near the neo-natal ward. They pounce on the gates once the visiting hour begins at 4 pm. Even though the guard routinely asks for the visiting cards, many manage to walk past him in the melee. On Monday, at least three strode into the ward immediately after the gates were thrown open for visitors. \"My brother has taken the card. He will be here in a minute,\" said one, brushing the guard aside. Another, clad in a shawl, quietly sneaked in as he was busy interecepting others. A third had been loitering inside even before the gates were opened. He clambered up the stairs as the clock struck four.\"It's not physically possible for me to scan every visitor. Most enter without a card during the visiting hour. If you deny them entry, they often create a scene and others manage to get in taking advantage of the confusion,\" the guard said. Some senior doctors agreed. \"SSKM, or any other government hospital for that matter, is a public place. Visitors have no respect for patients' privacy, neither do they seem to care about the need to stay away from the wards. It's no wonder that unscrupulous people are taking advantage of this. The baby theft at National Medical College should serve as an eye-opener,\" said Rezaul Karim, radiologist at SSKM.The hospital will soon have additional security at a few \"vulnerable\" spots which have been identified. These include some of the key wards, the emergency, the entrances and the roads that cross-cross the campus. Even though most wards at SSKM have CCTV cameras, they alone are not sufficient, the authorities believe. \"More vigilance is needed on the floors, especially the neo-natal, gynaecological, paediatric, cardiac and some of the other units which house women and children. We will probably need more security guards for this. Policemen are also going to be posted at these spots. We are also considering a tighter screening system that will rule out unauthorized entry,\" said Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518799", "title": "Sibal\u2019s ombudsman set to be in place next session", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a host of higher education reform bills still to get Parliament's nod, the HRD ministry has decided to implement part of its reform agenda through executive order from the next academic session.HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Monday said a grievance redressal mechanism for students and applicants for admission in higher educational institutions is being put in place. It would be implemented in all central universities, IITs, IIMs, NITS, IIITs, private and government-run deemed universities and all higher educational institutions under various Central government ministries.Regulatory bodies like University Grants Commission, All India Council for Technical Education and National Council for Teacher Education would ask educational institutions to set up grievance redressal mechanism.Although the order would not be binding on the institution, the regulator would rely on the frequency of non-observance to decide on continued recognition to these institutions.As part of the initiative, every institution would be required to appoint an ombudsman who would be a person with judicial or legal experience. In case the grievance relates to SCs/STs/OBCs or minorities, ombudsman can co-opt a person of eminence from the weaker section to assist him in taking a decision. He would be appointed from a panel suggested by the affiliating university for technical and management institutions by the Central government for deemed universities and by the regulator for non-degree granting institutions. Applicants for admission and students can apply to the ombudsman for redressal of grievances and s/he would have to give the order within a month. Sibal said students have several grievances at the time of applying for admission that needs immediate redressal. He said even the Parliamentary standing committee in its report on the bill to prohibit and punish unfair practices had recommended proactive step like setting up of grievance redressal mechanism.Ombudsman would have the jurisdiction to hear grievances concerning denial of admission, non-observance of declared merit in admission, non-observance of applicable regulations for reservation, withholding of documents and non-refund of fees in case of withdrawal of admission, discrimination and other such matters concerning students in pursuit of studies in the institution. The regulators concerned would issue the detailed instructions to the educational institutions shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518737", "title": "A walk to unravel the confluence of cultures in Kolkata", "text": "A patch of Kolkata, not more than five square kilometers in size, is a true microcosm of the world. No less than 16 communities from across the globe made this area, which was referred to as the 'grey town' during the Raj days, their home. Buffeted by the 'white town' (for Europeans) to its south and the 'black town' (for Indians) to its north, 'grey town' flourished as a commercial centre where the east met the west and transacted business.The captivating character of 'grey town' remains hidden in the labyrinth of narrow lanes, alleys and walkways lined by old structures, most dating back to the British days, and in various stages of decay. But, to use a cliche, this piece of Kolkata that most of the city's residents who do not live or trade here know little of, is steeped in history. And one of the best ways to discover it is to go on an exploratory walk through it with 'Calcuttawalks'.This walk, titled 'confluence of cultures', starts from Buddhist Temple Street off Chittaranjan Avenue. A Buddhist temple here built by one Kripasharan Mahasthavir who tried to revive Buddhism in Bengal lends its name to the street, which was earlier known as Mangala Lane.Kripasharan bought a dilapidated house (where the present structure stands) to establish a 'Mahanagar Vihara' to propagate Buddhism, provide free schooling to children and conduct charitable activities. This temple also has a guest house where Buddhists from all over the world stay enroute to Bodh Gaya. A stone's throw away is a few rows of red brick tenements which served as barracks for British soldiers during World War I. They're now better known as Bow Barracks, home to many Anglo-Indian families.A short walk through overcrowded lanes is a Parsi fire temple where the 600-odd Parsis who remain in Kolkata congregate on occasions. And bang opposite on this street, named after Charles Metcalfe, Governor General of Bengal from 1835 to 1836, is the Agha Khan Jamaat Khana, a meeting place for members of the Ismaili sect of the Shia faith. This lane leads out to the busy Bipin Behari Ganguly Street (formerly Bowbazar Street), off which is the old Chinatown and the famous Tiretta Bazar where an array of mouth-watering dumplings and Chinese cuisine can be had from Chinese vendors. A must-stop here is the more than 150-year-old shop run by Stella Chen selling Chinese noodles, incense sticks, assorted sauces, dried mushrooms and a wide variety of other goods, some imported from China.Stella is happy to talk about the glorious days of Chinatown and its residents, who used to congregate at the shop that her grandfather founded. There are at least eight Chinese temples in and around this area. Tiretta Bazar, for the many who don't know, derives its name from Sir Edward Tiretta, an Italian, who was an assistant to the infamous Giacomo Casanova. Tiretta migrated to this city after Casanova was sent on exile, and married a French lady here.Another short walk away from Tiretta Bazar is the Parsee Church Street that leads to Ezra Street, named after Elias David Joseph Ezra, a wealthy Jew who built many of Kolkata's grand structures. At the intersection of the Parsee Church Street and Ezra Street stands another fire temple which once had beautiful gardens around it. The green expanse has been taken over by an unsightly assortment of shops selling lighting fixtures and cheap chandeliers, while the temple itself is in its last throes and no longer in use.Ezra Street was earlier known as Domtalla Street and a grey marble plaque on this street tells the story of a Russian adventurer, translator, musician and writer, Gerasim Stepanov Lebedev (1749-1817), who lived in this city for two decades from 1787, and opened the 'Hindu Theatre' at 25, Domtalla Street in 1795. Bengali actors and actresses, for the first time, performed in Bengali adaptations of two English plays on November 27, 1795.Ezra Street leads to Pollock Street, off which stands a grand Bohra mosque, and leads to Canning Street which hosts a Jain temple. A stone's throw away, on the arterial Brabourne Road, is the Portuguese Catholic Church with its distinctive architecture.Rising majestically above nondescript concrete structures on the western side of Brabourne Road is what looks like a Church spire. But it is actually a synagogue, an architectural marvel, built by Elias Ezra. The Maghen David synagogue is a rich repository of grand antique furniture, chandeliers and other objects which have obviously seen better days. This city was once home to 10,000 Jews; today, just about 30 remain. But just a hop, skip and jump away is the Armenian Church that is a study in contrast. This Church, founded in 1707, is the oldest functioning religious institution in this city and is in perfect condition, down to the spotlessly clean pews and gleaming silver lecterns.Add to all these temples and churches the gurudwara on MG Road, the famous Nakhoda mosque and a Myanmarese temple near Phears Lane, and you have eleven houses of worship of different religions and sects, patronized by as many as 16 communities who made this city their home. All within a five square kilometer area that would easily qualify to the tag of a unique heritage zone that perhaps has no parallel in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11518223", "title": "Leopard trapped outside Netravali sanctuary", "text": "MARGAO: The forest department rescued a leopard after the wildcat was caught in a trap that was placed in the area outside the Netravali wildlife sanctuary at Devrem Vichundrem, Netravali at around 7.30pm on Sunday. The rescue brings to a close the troubles faced by the residents of Sanguem who had been on edge after leopard attacks.The male leopard was seen constantly moving around the sanctuary for over three months and in that time had attacked cattle, sheep, goats, cows, wolves and even a local resident.\"The leopard who is aged between four and five years approximately, had attacked Vitho Zoro, a resident of Devrem causing him minor injuries beside having attacked other animals,\" said N D Prabhudessai, range forest officer (RFO), territorial division, Kurdi, Netravali.Prabhudessai carried out the joint rescue operation along with Matthew Manjunath, RFO , wildlife live division, Netravali. The operation was a joint exercises between the two forest divisions. \"We were monitoring the situation actively for the last two-three months as we had reports from people regarding cattle killing and the like,\" added Prabhudessai, who said that the leopard would move from one area to other every eight to 10 days.Prabhudessai added that on Sunday, while the forest guards (territorial division) were on their routine patrolling rounds, they received a call that the leopard was trapped in the cage and was roaring.A forest department source added that the senior forest officials would take a call on relocating the leopard, which would be done after the wildcat received medical treatment from a veterinarian at the Bondla Wildlife Sanctuary. When asked about affected people receiving compensation for their livestock and the attacked resident receiving treatment, Prabudessai stated that his division is processing the applications submitted to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517410", "title": "Majuli farmers market their own produce", "text": "GUWAHATI: Farmers of Assam's Majuli area have done away with middlemen and are now cultivating, processing and selling their own products. For the first time, a group of farmer from Majuli, known for its famous satras, showcased their products - including mati maah (lentils), mustard, sesame, garlic and jaggery - at the North East Food processing Expo organised by NERAMAC at the Nedfi haat on Monday.Raju Kalita, a local farmer, said, \"We never managed to make as enough profit as we had no idea of the demand in the market. We used to accept whatever the middlemen and the brokers offered as we did not have an option. This is for the first time that we got a platform like this where we have produced, processed and sold these products without involving any middleman. We can interact with consumers and know what they want and find out what the market demand is like.\"Achyut Bora, a member of a local organisation which help farmers market their products, said: \"Majuli is ravaged by flood and erosion every year, but the farmers still cultivate different products. Sadly, they couldn barely make a living due the involment of middleman. Now they have a platform to showcase their products as well as earn good money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517977", "title": "IMT Manesar gets 66kVA substation", "text": "GURGAON: The HSIIDC inaugurated a new 66kVA substation in the industrial model township (IMT) in Manesar on Monday, a move which could possibly address the power woes of the area, which is reeling under heavy deficit figures.The new substation is located in the newly built Sector 8 in Manesar IMT, and will be catering to over 150 new subscribers in the area. Industrial power connections are in high demand throughout Haryana, but due to a statewide power crisis and lack of proper infrastructure, these demands are scarcely met. In IMT Manesar alone, according to HSIIDC officials, about 150 industrial connections have been pending for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521967", "title": "Part of my heart lies in India: Yoko", "text": "On her second visit to India, Yoko Ono says that she left one half of her heart in India when she visited it in the 70sJohn Lennon once described his wife Yoko Ono as \"the world's most famous unknown artist: everybody knows her name, but nobody knows what she does.\" On her recent visit to Delhi, we saw Ono dressed in a beret and stylish trousers, wearing sunglasses for the press conference of her art installations in the country.She is a Japanese artist, musician, author, film director and peace activist, and her avant-garde conceptual art installations have been talked about across the world. She is all this and much more, but her name will always be associated with one thing - disbanding The Beatles , the legendary rock and roll band from the 60s. She was often criticised for having influenced Lennon's music and for her experimental art which didn't cater to the masses.At the press conference in the city, the 79-year-old politely answered all the questions addressed to her. And when someone asked her about India, her face lit up. \"I have been here before... That was way back in the 70s. Half my heart lies here,\" said the artist, adding, \"India is becoming an economic power, but women power is equally, if not more, important.\"Ono also spoke about the Imagine Peace Tower, a memorial for Lennon in Iceland , and a reservoir of all the hopes and wishes of individuals around the world, written on paper tags. This time, Indians will get a chance to pen down their own hopes and be part of Ono's peace message to the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519232", "title": "Bangalore weather: Shivering? Blame it on cold wave in the North", "text": "BANGALORE: After keeping its date with the Sun for a few days, the state's weather has swung to extreme cold conditions. Monday saw the coldest morning in the state in decades. Forecast: The MET department has predicted dry weather for coastal and Northern Karnataka while the cold wave will continue to prevail in south interior parts of the state for the next 2 nights.The harsh cold weather broke records in many places, with Madikeri registering its lowest in 132 years at 4.8 degrees Celsius, Mysore's coldest day in 120 years at 7.7 degrees Celsius and Bangalore's coldest day of January in the past 19 years with minimum temperature touching 12 degrees Celsius. The outskirts of Bangalore like HAL airport area touched below 10 degrees Celsius and GKVK was freezing at 8.4 degrees Celsius. Maximum temperature across the state remained around 26 degrees Celsius.Why this cold wave? B Puttanna, director, in-charge, Bangalore MET department, said: \"The severe cold wave from the North and North-East, combined with clear skies, has appreciably brought down the minimum temperatures across the state. Also the shorter day time and longer nights have reduced the radiation on Earth's surface.\"Puttanna added: \"Last week, the temperatures in Karnataka were above normal. But this week after the severe cold wave affected North India, the temperatures in various parts of the state have gone down by 7-9 degrees Celsius.'' The temperature in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad dipped suddenly to 9.3 against 11 degrees Celsius in the last three days. Bijapur recorded the lowest ever minimum temperature at 8.4 degrees Celsius. Even Gadag was chilly at 12 degrees Celsius against 14, which was recorded in the last two days. Haveri recorded 9 degrees Celsius on Monday.The Sun cities of North-Karnataka region __ Koppal, Gulbarga and Raichur __ were greeted by biting cold with Raichur recording 9 degrees Celsius and Gulbarga 12 degrees Celsius. In the plains, Belgaum was the coldest at 7.2 degrees Celsius.M B Rajegowda, agro meteorologist, said: \"The severity of cold also depends on the air-moss strip passing through the co-ordinates of Karnataka. This strip keeps shifting and the area which falls under this strip gets affected by the cold wave. Also the prolonged north-east monsoon has contributed to the cold spell.''Bangaloreans who saw sunny weather last week were in for a cold shock on Monday morning. Kavitha Rao, a homemaker, said: \"The chill in the air morning did not let me wake up early and my son missed his school bus.''Girish Naidu, a senior citizen, said: \"The last few days were relief from cold and I enjoyed going for morning walks. But today I could not step out because it was bitterly cold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai/ kochi", "code": "11518837", "title": "Alliance Air pilot mistakes Kochi for Kozhikode", "text": "CHENNAI/ KOCHI: About 32 passengers from Thiruvananthapuram on board an Alliance Air flight were shocked to find themselves at Kochi airport on Monday after the pilot announced that they had landed at Kozhikode.Air traffic controllers are flummoxed by the pilot's statement that he thought he had reached Kozhikode and that there was some navigational error.A spokesman of the airline, meanwhile, said the flight landed in Kochi because of a last-minute change in the crew's duty timing.An airport official said it is impossible for the pilot not to know details of the airport he was coming in to land at.Gokul Nair, a passenger, said there was utter confusion among passengers. \"The crew announced that the flight has landed in Kozhikode, but looking out of the window I saw Cochin airport,\" he said. \"The pilot later came out of the cockpit and announced that he was under the impression he had landed in Kozhikode.\"A senior ATC official at Cochin airport said the Alliance Air flight headed to Kozhikode was not scheduled to land at the time. \"Since it sought landing permission, we gave it a slot,\" he said. Passenger aircraft are allowed to land at any Indian airport if the pilot seeks permission. \"It may not be a navigational mistake, but a decision by the airline to divert the flight,\" he said.The flight was scheduled to fly on the Thiruvananthapuram-Calicut-Cochin-Agathi (Lakshadweep) sector on Monday morning. A Kochi airport official said the flight went directly to Kochi against the schedule of going first to Kozhikode. \"Passengers on board did not know about the change. Many of them realized the change in destination only when they touched the runway and saw the sign boards,\" said the official. Passengers bound for Kozhikode protested.The airline then deplaned all the 20 passengers bound for Kozhikode and made them wait at Cochin airport for four hours until the plane flew to Agathi in Lakshadweep and came back. They were then flown to Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518550", "title": "MP govt\u2019s award to Uttarakhand institute", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government will confer The National Mahatma Gandhi Award on Dudhtalai Lok Vikas Sansthan, based at Pauri-Garhwal region of Uttarakhand, on January 26.The award carrying a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh and a citation will be handed over to the institute on the occasion of Lokrang festival being held every year in the state on the occasion of Republic Day, State's Culture and Public Relations Minister, Laxmikant Sharma told reporters here on Monday. The Sansthan was being given the award for launching a community movement that resulted in the generation of forest in 700 hectares of mountainous land and 20,000 ponds over the last 30 years.The Minister said that the government would organise the Lokrang festival would be organised from January 26 to February 1.The State's Swaraj Sansthan Directorate will also organise a 'Bharat Parva' in all districts of the state on the occasion of Republic Day, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11518393", "title": "Currency notes with 786 are his fancy", "text": "DUGRI: Inspired by Amitabh Bachchan's coolie badge number 786, Amandeep Singh has developed the love to collect currency notes that have number 786 on them. And this love is not a passing fade, for he has been collecting such notes for 15 years. Now, he has over 600 such currency notes.Apart from 786, he collects penta 2, 3, 4, 5, 7 and 9 and has a Rs 100 note on which there are seven digits instead of the usual six. Amandeep is so passionate about his hobby that he used to accompany his friend, who was in municipal corporation, for distributing salaries of employees and then exchange notes having 786 number.\"I like this number very much. It is auspicious for me,\" said Amandeep, an advocate.He said he started collecting notes when he was in BA -I and since then, has been on the hunt. \"My father, friends and wife also help me,\" he added. And not just notes, he has also decided to purchase a new car with number 786.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519572", "title": "Inquiry panel starts examining affidavits", "text": "PUNE: The justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee, looking into the Maval firing case, has begun the process of examining 186 affidavits, thereby clearing the decks for the start of an inquiry.The affidavits have been filed by the Maval farmers, the Pune rural police and revenue department and others in response to a public notice issued by the committee.Committee secretary K D Patil told TOI on Monday that examining the affidavits is expected to be completed in 10 days.He said that those affidavits found to be relevant will be placed before the committee at the time of inquiry. Irrelevant affidavits will be rejected.The state home department has issued a notification appointing former district government pleader (DGP) Sadanand Deshmukh as counsel to assist the committee in conducting the inquiry.The revenue department has appointed former DGP Dnyandeo Dashrath Shinde and the Pune rural police has appointed criminal lawyer Sureshchandra Bhosale to represent them before the inquiry committee.Three farmers, including a woman, were killed in police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011.The farmers, numbering around 500, were holding a rally against the acquisition of their land for a water pipeline project. Soon after the protest, the police booked around 1,400 for attempted murder and rioting. The incident had rocked the Assembly and Parliament and 6 cops were suspended for vandalising vehicles. The home department has suspended two police officers for opening fire on the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11519142", "title": "Still no trace of Indian waiter", "text": "NEW DELHI: The luxury liner that sank off the coast of Italy Costa Concordia was carrying 203 Indians out of which only one has been confirmed missing. Government officials said that all others - 202 crew members - had been rescued. The foreign ministry set up control rooms here and in Rome to provide information about the victims.Indian embassy officials in Rome said an Indian Robello Russel Terence, who was a waiter on the ship, was yet to be traced and efforts were on to verify other details about him. The incident, which occurred on Saturday, left six persons dead.The ship hit a reef or rock near the Tuscan island of Giglio , before it went down. \"Out of the 202 crew members, 201 have been traced and are safe. One person is missing. We are coordinating with the Italian government and trying to trace the missing crew,\" said Indian embassy spokesperson Vishvesh Negi.Indian envoy to Italy Debabatra Saha along with two Indian officials visited the accident spot and is coordinating the rescue operation. Foreign minister S M Krishna said India is making efforts to trace Rebello and is in touch with his brother Kevin who has reached Italy. \"We have directed our ambassador to Italy to visit the spot of the tragedy ... He is on his way,\" he said. The envoy has deputed two officials to assist authorities to trace Terrance, Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11518210", "title": "9 killed in van-bus collision", "text": "TUTICORIN: In a ghastly accident, nine persons, including three children were killed when the van in which they were travelling collided head on with a state-owned bus in Tuticorin district, on Monday evening.Tuticorin superintendent of police (SP) J Rajendran said that the van driver attempted to avoid hitting a woman, who crossed the road and rammed into the bus coming in the opposite direction after losing control his vehicle. The woman, who was crossing the road, as well as the eight passengers in the van died on the spot. The accident occurred at about 4.15 pm at Adichanallur near Srivaikundam in the district on the Tirunelveli-Tuticorin state highway.The deceased were identified as Saravanakumar (45), son of Subbiah from Thachanallur in Tirunelveli district, his wife, Mariammal (42), children Suresh (10), Abirami (13), mother Sankarammal (70), brother Murugesan (48) and his daughter Meena (15), Chandra (45), wife of Gurusamy and Jayalakshmi (40), wife of Thangamani.Saravanakumar and his family members were returning to their native Tirunelveli after visiting the Vanathiruapathi temple at Kurumbur in Tuticorin district. When the van neared Adichanallur, the woman had attempted to cross the road. Saravanakumar, who was at the wheel of the van swerved the vehicle to avoid hitting the woman, police said. However, the van had hit the woman and even after that it lost control and collided with the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation bus going towards Tirunelveli from Tiruchendur. The van was completely mangled in the collision and all the passengers were fatally trapped inside.\"All the passengers died on the spot. We are still interrogating. The exact cause of the accident would be known only after the probe,\" said a police officer.Since all the passengers in the van had died, the police had a tough time identifying them as well as to inform their relatives. However, they traced the identity of Saravanakumar with his driving licence and informed his relatives who rushed to the spot and confirmed the identities of the family members.Meanwhile, DIG Varadaraju and SP Rajendran rushed to the spot and conducted inquiries. The body of the woman was found thrown away behind the bus. The bodies of the deceased were sent to the government hospital in Tirunelveli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11517799", "title": "After polio, time to kill filaria", "text": "NAGPUR: Globally, it is emerging as a principal cause of permanent disability and India is trying to eliminate the disease by 2015. Nagpur Zilla Parishad has been making efforts to arrest the growth in new cases of filaria or elephantiasis since 2004. The number and percentage of population given treatment has been increasing since.Residents of villages as well as urban slums under ZP area would be administered free drugs by the health workers. This year 17,99,670 villagers and 3,33,125 urban dwellers are expected to avail of the medication from January 30 to February 1 and January 30 to February 3 respectively. Along with 8,00,000 people under Nagpur Municipal Corporation's jurisdiction, a total of 29,32,794 people would be given medication.\"The officials of the health department would be going from door-to-door during this time to distribute the medicines. We find many times, people do not actually take the medicine. So officials would ensure the drug is consumed in their presence,\" said Vinay Moon, acting additional collector. He insisted that it was even more important for people to cooperate with the officials because those carrying the vector may not be aware of its presence in their blood stream. \"Early detection and intervention is vital in eliminating new cases,\" he added.The Central government had initiated 'elimination of lymphatic filariasis' programme under which the mass drug administration (MDA) is done every year, informed Dr BH Pardhi, filaria officer of ZP.\"We cover almost 93 percent population under this programme. Other 7 percent are children below two years of age, pregnant mothers and seriously ill people, who cannot be given these drugs. The activities go much beyond the distribution of medicines. There are population surveys to collect baseline data on the basis of which the drugs are administered. After MDA, there is a third party evaluation done by the Government Medical College and Hospital,\" he said.What is Filaria?A tropical disease caused by the transmission of roundworms in the body of the patient through mosquito bites. The worms can live in the lymphatic system of humans for years before the symptoms appear. Though it is not fatal, the disease causes severe pain, disfigurement and recurring infections in the body.Symptoms* Fever accompanied by pain and redness of skin* Scarring of skin* Painful swelling in the genital areas* Hardening and thickening of the skin (elephantiasis)* Swelling of the legs, arms, breasts and genitalsPrevention* Don't allow pools of waste water to form near residential areas* Sprinkle kerosene oil in the streams of sewage water, if kept in the open* Tie a cloth to the vents of septic tanks* Don't sleep without covering yourself* Use mosquito nets while sleeping", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "urban estate", "code": "11518464", "title": "Mesmerized by the beauty of Mauritius", "text": "URBAN ESTATE: Ritu and her brother Varun Harjai of Urban Estate, have just returned to city from a trip to Mauritius , completely mesmerized by the world surrounded by water and the island's natural beauty.An excited Ritu said, \"The place offers a lot of adventure and fun-filled activities such as under sea walk, para sailing, speed boating and underwater scooter. Not only this, watching the local dance Sega, relishing sea food, viewing natural beauty of the island was an unforgettable experience.'' And the highlight of the trip, she said was getting a picture clicked with a tiger and lion.For Varun it was the thrill of wildlife safari that was the highlight of the trip. He said, \"I could never imagine that marine life could be so beautiful. Plus experiencing wildlife safari was awesome. I could never think of sitting with an actual tiger and observing all the realities of the animal world.''Varun added, \"The place has many adventures to offer, which include para sailing, which for me was a phenomenal experience. Another was under sea walk with sea creatures moving around you while one feeds them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519496", "title": "GRP nabs notorious zehar khuran", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sleuths of government railway police (GRP) on Monday arrested a notorious zehar khuran identified as Sushil Kumar a resident of Sitapur and seized 2500 Euros. Police said that miscreant had stolen a bag containing Euros from a Sapin resident about two months back.On Monday, when GRP intensified checking at all platforms and exitentry gates, the police were successful in nabbing the notorious zehar khuran.Inspector, GRP, Devendra Mishra told TOI that checking frisking has been intensified in view of Magh Mela and Republic Day. He added that special constituted police teams have assigned a special task of searching trains and platforms.In view of Magh Mela when thousands of pilgrims and devotees are coming Allahabad through various trains from different states city, over 350 GRP personnel were maintaining a strict watch. Cops in plain cloths have also been deployed to keep an eye on suitcase lifters gang.The GRP has also set up helpline desk appealing pilgrims and devotees to register their complaints ( if any) and GRP personnel at their doorstep to sort it out.Mishra, meanwhile, added that checking would be more intensified on main bathing days and additional police pickets would also be deployed. As lakhs of pilgrims are expected to arrive city on the account of Mauni amavasya, temporary police pickets have been stationed at eight railways stations.Besides, senior railway police officials have been monitoring the situation on routine basis.Recently, ADG (raliway) too held a brain storming session for the security of pilgrims and devotees on the occasion of Magh Mela and issued a set of directives in the same regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11518176", "title": "Pak PM Gilani gets SC contempt notice, parliament backing", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Monday slapped a contempt notice on Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , demanding he testify to explain why he had ignored its directives to reopen graft cases against his party boss and President Asif Ali Zardari . The order escalated the political crisis that could lead to early elections and cost Gilani his job.But hours later, Pakistan's National Assembly convened for a special session and passed a resolution reposing \"full confidence and trust'' in the government that could help Gilani offset the SC ruling's implications. The resolution asked \"all state institutions (to) act within (constitutional) limits\" in an apparent reference to the military for meddling in politics. The resolution is seen as the government's attempt to reassert parliament's supremacy amid mounting pressure from the judiciary.Earlier, Gilani and Zardari, pummeled for days for making statements against army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and ISI head Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha , went into a huddle after which the PM was quoted as saying he had offered to resign to defuse the crisis created by the confrontation between the military and the judiciary on one side and the government on the other.There is no immediate threat to Gilani, as the contempt case is expected to be drawn out. But he could be disqualified from holding office and have to step down if convicted of contempt. He also faces up to six months in prison. \"We are left with no option, as a first step, to issue a show-cause notice. The PM should appear personally in court on January 19,\" the court said in its notice.The court initiated proceedings after the government failed to respond to its order outlining six options that it could exercise if it did not comply with its orders. The options included disqualifying the PM and president, holding early elections besides contempt proceedings. The court was incensed after attorney general Maulvi Anwarul Haq told it that he had no instructions from the government on how to respond to court's orders.Later, Gilani, who is the second head of the government to face contempt of court procedures since Nawaz Sharif faced the similar situation in November 1997, agreed to appear before the court after an emergency meeting with his coalition partners and Zardari.Sources said the government would act according to a plan and buy time till Senate elections in March that would give PPP a majority in the upper house and an important say in legislation for the next six years.\"The PM's decision to comply is a bid to buy time. They will try to drag the court's proceedings until the Senate elections,\" said political analyst Amir Mateen. Analysts said Gilani would appear before the court, commit to implement its orders and have himself discharged of the contempt notice.The government has vowed to complete its term that ends in 2013. But it may call earlier elections after the Senate elections..he PM last week blinked in a standoff with Kayani and Pasha over a memo that sought the US help to rein the country's powerful military and prevent a coup in May.A probe into the memo threatens to implicate Zardari and could lead to his impeachment. Former Pakistan envoy to US Husain Haqqani is accused of authoring the memo on Zardari's behest.The court had called Gilani \"dishonest'' and warned him of disqualification if he did not open the cases last week. It has repeatedly asked the government to do so since it threw out the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO) that extended immunity to politicians and bureaucrats from prosecution in graft cases, as illegal in 2009.Former president Pervez Musharraf had issued the ordinance as part of a power sharing deal with former PM Benazir Bhutto in 2007. Her widower, Zardari, as the main beneficiary of the deal, took over her party and was later elected as the president. The government has been dragging its feet on the issue arguing that the president enjoys immunity as the head of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11519997", "title": "MCC bans ad in core zone", "text": "MYSORE: The Heritage City is looking to get rid of visual pollutants, at least in its core zone where some of the architectural marvels are housed.Accordingly, film posters, hoardings and banners have been banned in the core zone, and those violating the orders will be prosecuted.In particular, film posters that disfigure public places will be dealt with strictly and will be booked under Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act. District minister S A Ramdas on Monday said MCC will deal with violations without any concessions.\"The display of banners has become a culture now, which is invading the public space. It is also harming the city's aesthetics. We are going after the violators,\" he said.This comes ahead of an advertisement policy that the MCC is putting in place to strike a balance between city's aesthetics and the ad revenue. Theatre owners have been directed not to disfigure the public places by pasting film posters.\"The bylaws are silent on punitive action. The policy will deal with it, while mentioning the spots where the hoardings will be allowed,\" he said.The minister also said the government will revise the Mysore's Comprehensive Development Plan-2030 by this month.Meanwhile, MCC chief K S Raykar held a discussion on hoarding regulation/ design for Mysore at Rani Bahadur Institute auditorium. He said the new ad policy will be placed before the council in the next meeting. Ramdas, police commissioner Sunil Agarwal and MCC council members were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518419", "title": "India to help Nepal strengthen security at Kathmandu airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will help Nepal in modernizing its immigration facilities and strengthening security at the Tribhuvan International Airport (TIA) in Kathmandu in a move that may not only help both the countries in averting any Indian Airlines IC-814-type of hijacking, but also help in preventing criminalsterrorists from using TIA as 'soft' exit or entry point.Though Kathmandu has improved its security architecture at TIA substantially since the 1999 hijacking episode, New Delhi has been on toes to convince its Nepalese counterparts to take all such measures at its airport that had been part of international security system.\"Any lapse on the part of Nepal can cost us heavily in India, considering visa-free travel between both the countries. Kathmandu understands our concerns and has been consistently improving its system,\" said a senior official.The issue was discussed on the first day of the home secretary-level talks between the two countries here on Monday. The Indian delegation was led by home secretary R K Singh, while the Nepalese delegation was led by his counterpart Sushil Jung Bahadur Rana.Both the countries also decided to share terror-related information on a 'real-time' basis and take measures to check circulation of fake Indian currency notes (FICNs) and misuse of mobile SIM cards. It was agreed that the home secretary of either country may telephone his counterpart to discuss or seek cooperation on any terror-related issues on a real-time basis.\"It has been noted that criminals and terrorists use SIM cards - taken either from India or Nepal - in border areas to prevent detection. Both the countries assured each other to detect such cards and prevent their misuse,\" said the official.India raised the issue of FICN in the backdrop of recent cases, where the Delhi Police and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had arrested 16 people in separate raids and seized counterfeit currency worth crores of rupees. During interrogation of the accused and subsequent probe, Indian agencies found that the counterfeiters use Nepal as one of their bases to flood FICNs in India.\"Sharing of informationintelligence reports, progress is establishment of Integrated Check Post and border roads and India's support in training and capacity building of Nepal's security apparatus were also discussed,\" said the home ministry in a statement.The talks will conclude on Tuesday. The last home secretary-level talks between the two countries were held in Kathmandu in November, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518288", "title": "Calangute resort manager held for theft", "text": "PANAJI: Mumbai police on Monday evening informed the Calangute police that they arrested the manager of a four-star resort in Candolim, who had escaped with 2.5 lakh on Monday morning.Calangute police had received a complaint from the resort authorities that their manager, Brijesh Dessai, had stolen 2.5 lakh that was collected on Sunday. \"Instead of depositing the money into the resort's account, he escaped with the money and took a flight to Mumbai. We intercepted him and informed our Mumbai counterparts,\" Calangute police sources said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519460", "title": "Courage to be distinct ebbing from our culture, says Bhatt", "text": "PUNE: As filmmaker-producer who looks out for individualistic voices to tell stories with novel approach in mainstream Hindi cinema, Mahesh Bhatt highlighted the importance of script at the first Vijay Tendulkar Memorial Lecture at the 10th Pune International Film Festival on Monday. \"The courage to be distinct is ebbing from our culture. We are busy trying to belong to the flock,\" he said.Dedicated to the late playwright Vijay Tendulkar, Bhatt highlighted Tendulkar's style which puts him in a league of his own. \"His works are distinct because they are based on his study of human beings and their complexities, which he has presented with such simplicity. He celebrated the extraordinary, dramatic punches in the lives of ordinary people. Tendulkar retained his own voice and dared to be distinct,\" Bhatt said.As full-time producer, he prefers to look for filmmakers and screenplay writers with distinctive voices that can speak through their films. \"You can only be you. Only people who have the guts to be themselves can become great artists. Problem is we have stopped looking at the world from other people's eyes. This very attitude is killing empathy. I'm very happy that Marathi cinema, today, is flourishing. While we look into global cinema, our own indigenousness and cultural rootedness need to be brought back into our country,\" he said.Considering screenplays as artistic, he said, \"Anything that is not built on genuine emotions does not qualify to be a work of art. A narrative crisis going on in our cinema today. This is because filmmakers are not engaging in fresh matter or giving it novel perspective. The landscape is so saturated that now it's challenging to make out distinct voice heard. Also, the danger lies is in monkeying or imitating a model created by great filmmakers who chose to have their own voice.He said the craft of filmmaking can be learnt, but what's important for filmmakers is to bring their own understanding and worldview to their work. \"Scanning through your own emotional debris is important to come out with your own melody. Great writers are the people who have been grappling with emotional burns.As per his observations, Indian mainstream cinema is becoming uni-dimensional. \"We see certain homogeneity in the way films are being made and publicised, especially their promos. We are only imitating our icons. That's why our artistic culture is lacking in freshness,\" he said. Voicing ground reality in Bollywood , Bhatt says most filmmakers and producers are primarily businessmen today. \"If they feel a project can bring them good business, they will go ahead and make the film.\"However, despite being associated with 60 films in his long career, he still have problems green-signalling a project. Satisfying the audiences is important. \"Competition in the industry is very tough. Releasing big budget films, too, is a big challenge even for filmmakers like me. Plus, I want to make films that appeal to people from all strata of society, so I water down the story and implement it accordingly,\" Bhatt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "11519646", "title": "Professional rivalry ends in artiste's death", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: Sankranti festivities turned tragic at Gorada village in Gummalakshmipuram mandal of Vizianagaram district when a dancer allegedly shot at his rival out of jealousy by opening fire with a tapancha or a country-made gun.A jealous T Kameshwar Rao, who gave a dance performance along with M Rupa Kumar during Sankranti, opened fire with the tapancha on Sunday.The bullet pierced Kumar's back and injured him badly.Villagers said Rao nursed a grudge against Kumar after the latter won a prize in the dance competition.The injured Kumar was admitted to a primary health centre at Kurupam but later shifted to a medical facility in Parvathipuram where his condition deteriorated.He died in an ambulance while he was being shifted to Vizianagaram on Monday morning. The deceased was 22 years old.\"Rao could not tolerate Kumar getting the accolades from villagers.\"He hatched a plan to eliminate Kumar,\" a police official said.The accused fled from the village following the incident.Elvinpet police registered a case of murder and launched a manhunt to nab Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518512", "title": "Beastly flying conditions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: New enemies emerge each year. Sometimes the adversary flies into the path of an aircraft in the sky at other times challenge the pilot by running towards a plane taking-off and others leap around the runway denying aircraft the space to land.As airports in the country work toward extending passenger facilities, officials at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International airport are kept busy by these unwanted visitors - birds, dogs and monkeys.On Monday, a quarterly meeting of the airfield environment management committee was held to discuss these problems. Committee members are mulling several changes in the airport to keep the critters from disrupting and endangering flights.A senior airport official said: \"I have worked at several airports in the country for two decades, but incidents like here are unheard of. Every year we have to battle a new enemy.The airport seems to be turning into a sanctuary.\"\"In 2009, bird hits had become a major concern as, every month on average, winged creatures would hit a plane damaging some critical part of the aircraft. This would ground the plane till engineers replaced the damaged part. What followed is a series of meeting with different agencies and with help of experts bird-hit counter measures were introduced,\" said a senior Airport Authority of India (AAI) official.In the last two years, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) officials raided several meats shops and eateries around the airport which were throwing waste in the open, attracting birds.\"These measures helped us bring down the number of bird hits but then came the dog menace. Incidents of dogs running on the runway and take-offs and scaring passengers at terminals became frequent in 2010. For a few months, AMC's dog squad was stationed at the airport and every dog seen in the airport was caught,\" said a senior Ahmedabad airport official.However, just when things looked better at Ahmedabad airport as a new swanky Rs 350-crore international terminal became operational, monkeys, in large numbers, began camping on the runway.\"Early 2011, gangs of 15 to 20 monkeys would stroll and jump around the runway, forcing us to delay landings. Later we took the help of forest and zoo officials to check the menace,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11518706", "title": "Oprah Winfrey to visit Dharavi?", "text": "MUMBAI: After meeting the rich and famous of Mumbai and the glamour world, America top TV hostess Oprah Winfrey is planning to visit Dharavi slums on Tuesday morning.Oprah tweeted to a query, \"I'm in the slums tomorrow and dinner with a traditional family of four generations.Meanwhile almost all of Bollywood marked their attendance at the dinner hosted by Parameshwar Godrej in honour of Oprah. Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, \"The gracious Oprah Winfrey visits our home, to meet us and bless the baby...warm hearted, endearing .. drive her to party in her honor.Film personalities like Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan , Priyanka Chopra , Preity Zinta, Karan Johar , Sonu Nigam and many more were present, some of them even gifted traditional Indian stuff.Writer Shobha De was also present at the dinner. She tweeted, \"SRK tells her she is the biggest star in India. Country's A-list queues up for pics with sari-clad celeb.O is WOW!''Oprah Winfrey clad in a sari was appreciated by everyone. Bachchan tweeted, ``And Oprah in sari .. looking lovely.'' Preity Zinta also tweeted, \"Nice 2 see her wear a beautiful Sari :-) Also nice 2 see Ash out after so long !''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518386", "title": "Slain Naxal identified", "text": "NAGPUR: The security forces have claimed that the Naxal gunned down last week in an encounter near Beijurpalli in southern Gadchiroli was Mangru Michcha, alias Linga (22), sectional commander of Platoon 14.The slain Naxal allegedly led the military wing in the Aheri-Sironcha division of the rebels.Miccha was earlier with Bhamragarh local guerrilla squad and worked for platoon 7. Police said that there were around 20 offences against Miccha.Sources from security forces also claimed that several Naxals had sustained bullet injuries in the Beijurpalli encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521955", "title": "Arjun\u2019s funda in life", "text": "Actor Arjun is back in action in Kollywood, and this time, he's got two big flicks in his kitty - Mani Ratnam's Pookkadai and A M R Ramesh's Vana Yuddham.\"I play DGP K Vijay Kumar in Vana Yuddham, a top cop whom I look up to in real life. I've played police officers earlier, but those roles were in complete commercial potboilers. But this film is based on real-life incidents!\" Ask him if thinks his film with Mani Ratnam came very late in his career and Arjun shoots back, \"Nothing is ever late. I've neither relied on big names for any of my films nor have I worked with biggies. But I'm still a recognized face in the industry with many awards to my credit. I have an image among the audience and I want to live up to that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11523011", "title": "Twit hacks Shammi Kapoor's Twitter account!", "text": "A recent tweet from legendary actor Shammi Kapoor who passed away on August 14, 2011 created a stir!The actor's twitter account has apparently been hacked! The tweet that was posted on reads: \"Are you serious about starting your own business in 2012? you have to check this out - [URL redacted].\" Clicking on this particular URL takes you to a page that gives you tips on making a little extra money.This tweet came after Shammi Kapoor's last tweet on November 28, 2010.When we contacted the Kapoor family they confirmed that the account was indeed hacked and said that they were looking into the matter. The case may be redirected to the cybercrime branch and appropriate action taken. The Kapoor family isn't keen on deleting the Twitter account altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519732", "title": "HMDA asks CM for help on tax dues", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has roped in chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy to persuade Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to waive its tax arrears after the income-tax department issued notices demanding payment of about Rs 430 crore which includes interest. Doing his bit, chief minister N Kiran Kumar has written to the Union minister requesting him to instruct I-T officials not to insist on the tax.The HMDA and the I-T department have been at loggerheads for the past year after the latter sent demand notices to the Authority asking it to pay taxes on revenue generated through auction of land.Sources said that HMDA had been asked to pay up about Rs 413 crore in taxes but had approached the appellate authority against the tax demand. Last year in November, I-T department had frozen HMDA's accounts with the Indian Overseas Bank and the State Bank of Hyderabad.Official sources said that the authority wanted to appeal in high court against the I-T tribunal's verdict but the plan was dropped because it had to deposit one-third of the demand amount to fight a legal battle. Instead, it requested the chief minister to write to the Union finance minister.Sources said HMDA had earned about Rs 3,200 crore by way of land auctions between 2003 and 2008. However, nearly Rs 2,600 crore was deposited with the state government and the balance utilized in various projects. While HMDA claims that the land was auctioned for completion of infrastructure projects, I-T officials say any revenue earned is taxable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519226", "title": "When the city put on its baker hat", "text": "KOCHI: Dr Mathew Ponnose and his wife Maria , a US-returned couple from Changanacherry, came all the way to Kochi to do some serious baking! They were part of a baking class-demonstration by the global bakery ingredients company, AB Mauri India.On Monday, over 200 professional bakers, students and homemakers were part of a group that assembled for the one-day 'Bake with Mauri' initiative in Kaloor. What drew the homemakers and people like Ponnose on a fine Monday morning was the baking competition that the company had organized. \"We want to encourage the culture of baking among Kochiites, though it's not difficult to foster because Malayalees are known to love baking,\" said Binu Varghese, executive director of AB Mauri India.The cake decoration contest conducted later in the day was the icing of the programme. Homemakers were seen trying their level best in getting their icing swirls and fondants right. But the catch lay in competing alongside professional bakers.Reena Rosaria from the city was adjudged the winner in the homemaker category in cake decoration while Suresh Babu of Cee Cee bakery from Angamally bagged the first prize in the professional category, winning Rs 50,000 in cash.\"What is interesting to note is that the number of male professional bakers definitely outnumbered female bakers,\" said Nihal Shaikh, one of the event managers of the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519351", "title": "Poll spending may touch new highs", "text": "PUNE: The road to becoming a corporator is expensive. According to the election commission's observations, a Member of Parliament spends an average of Rs 7-10 crore on a Lok Sabha election while an MLA spends Rs 2-3 crore on a state assembly election. Corporators are not far behind.In the last civic election about 25 corporators across party lines in Pune spent over Rs 1 crore for civic elections and, observers say, the amount will multiply as the city goes to polls on February 2011.The state election commission recently announced a four-fold increase in poll expense limit for candidates contesting the upcoming civic elections.For the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections, the limit was raised from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 4 lakh and for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), it went up from Rs 1.35 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.The SEC will ask all candidates to maintain a separate election account and submit their daily expenditure details to the municipal commissioner. The SEC will maintain an account of expenditure incurred by each candidate.\"We welcome the SEC's decision, but it will not help curb the excessive use of money in the election process. We need to understand the fact that contesting an election is an expensive affair. If we want to curb the use of black money in elections, we need to zero down on the factual election expenses,\" said Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) spokesperson Ankush Kakade who contested the civic elections in 1986 at a cost of Rs 21, 000. \"In 1992, the expenses went up to Rs 92,000 and since then it has been soaring,\" Kakade added.\"In 2007, there were about 25 candidates who spent over Rs 1 crore for civic elections. More money will be spent this year for the election. The election code of conduct has not at all helped curb the use of excessive money,\" city unit chief of a national political party who requested anonymity said.\"Corporators have to spend heavily in elections as expectations are high. Common citizens can play a vital role in curbing the use of excessive money in elections. People should elect a corporator on his or her merit and not on what they gift individuals,\" Congress corporator Aba Bagul said.As per the civic election code of conduct the expenditure made by people to woo voters before the election process starts cannot be counted as election expenditure. A person becomes a candidate only when he or she files the nomination papers.\"Already, corporators and aspirants are spending huge money on various schemes and programmes to woo their voters. The SEC cannot do much,\" a civic official in the election department said.The state and central election commission had initiated various efforts, in an attempt to deal with the use of black money in the elections. Proposals for public funding of elections have been floated first by the Tarkunde committee on electoral reforms in 1975, then by the Dinesh Goswami committee, and finally by another parliamentary committee headed by Indrajit Gupta. Little came of these attempts.According to experts, politics needs resources. Those like Yogendra Yadav have insisted that the root cause of political corruption is not the excess of black money, but the dearth of white money for legitimate political activity.However, activists in the city feel money does not pay such an important role. Activist Vivek Velankar, who played an important role in the formation of Pune Nagrik Sanghatana (PNS), which is contesting the civic elections said that there is no need of money in politics if candidates and voters are honest.\"PNS has decided on a door-to-door campaign and appealed to voters to vote on the agenda. We have nothing to offer, but are confident that people will elect us on the promise of providing non-corrupt municipal corporation,\" Velankar said.Where money goes?Posters and banners: Unlike earlier times, parties do not provide this material and candidates have to spendWooing the voters: Includes gifts like food, clothes, trips and individual benefits.Rent-a-crowd: Parties hire professional crowd organisers who round up a few thousand people at short notice. But they come at a price ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 500.Dummy candidates: A majority of the parties sponsor independent dummy candidates to cut into the rival's votes.Commuting costs: Provision of petrol and diesel for campaignersTemporary offices: On an average, Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 a day on furniture, tent, pandals and stagesFull-time party workers: Each candidate has at least 100-150 full-time party workers who are paid daily for the work ranging from Rs 200 to Rs 1,500 depending on skills.Transport: Vehicle rentals are high during election period. To ferry voters jeep/taxi costs anything from Rs 6,000 to Rs 10,000 a day depending on the distance and number of trips on voting day.Where election expenses come from?* Through cash donations from large, medium and small companies* Through 'cuts' from funds allocated to public-private partnership (PPP) projects, large civic works* Funds from business houses in locality* Various PMC funds meant for public works and also from tender approvalsFor Star CampaignersThe state election commission has decided to exclude expenses incurred on star campaigners and political leaders from the poll expenses of a candidate. But the relief to candidates comes with certain riders-the list of political leaders who would campaign should not exceed 20 in case of recognised and registered parties. Similarly, for unrecognised but registered parties, the number is restricted to 10 leaders.What is needed?* There is demand to bring legislation to give the EC regulatory powers to monitor party expenditure at district, state and central levels* Political parties are exempted from paying tax, immune from financial oversight and unregulated except for the brief period before and during an election when the EC's model code of conduct is in force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518923", "title": "Drunk man hits PCR vehicle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after the murder of 29-year-old Harminder Singh, when police claimed to have laid various nakas in the city, Hotel Aroma, Sector 22, witnessed yet another ruckus when a drunk driver rammed the PCR Gypsy with his speeding Lancer on Sunday night.A total five youths, including the driver Jaspreet Singh of Sector 41, were inside the car and driver tried to escape from the spot, but were nabbed.The other occupants of the car were identified as Amarjeet Singh, Amarjot Singh, Gurpreet and Manpreet Singh. The incident took place when the speeding car was signalled to stop at a check point, but Jaspreet tried to escape. When personnel deployed with PCR Gypsy tried to stop him, Jaspreet hit his car into the Gypsy, but was nabbed a shortdistance away. The medical examination of Jaspreet confirmed the presence of alcohol in his body and a case under section 185 of Motor Vehicle (MV) Act, 1988, was also slapped against him. Jaspreet was arrested for negligent driving. The car was also impounded. A case was registered at police station Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518824", "title": "Badshah surrenders, victims\u2019 kin boo cops", "text": "KOLKATA: Khora Badshah, the prime accused in one of the worst hooch tragedies in the country that saw 173 people dying after consuming spurious liquor last December, surrendered in a Diamond Harbour court on Monday after nearly five weeks on the run.But news of his surrender had leaked and there was a mob of hundreds baying for his blood and booing the police when Badshah was brought to court in an armoured van. Badshah, once a feared name in Mograhat, was seen weeping during the hearing, sources said. The cops are still looking for his third wife, Angura Bibi, who is suspected to have adulterated the liquor that caused the tragedy between December 13 and 17.The hooch don went underground soon after the first deaths were reported. The CID says he had fled to Ajmer Sharif in Rajasthan but a section of police officers believes that Badshah was in North 24-Parganas and Howrah all this while. There was strong discontent among people that police had failed to arrest him for over a month. On Monday, the crowd at the court booed police for being hand-in-glove with him.A three-tier security ring, including RAF and Combat Force, was put in place for Badshah at the Diamond Harbour court where additional chief judicial magistrate, Mou Chatterjee, remanded him in police custody for 14 days. Badshah was then taken to the CID headquarters in Alipore.Police have so far arrested 12 of Badshah's associates, including his first wife Sandhya Haldar. Angura, a close aide in the hooch business, is yet to be tracked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522120", "title": "Miranda Kerr is proud of Orlando Bloom", "text": "Miranda Kerr feels \"proud\" that husband Orlando Bloom is such a good father.The Victoria's Secret model and the 'Lord of the Rings' actor became parents to son Flynn last January and Miranda says it's wonderful to see Orlando bonding with their boy.She said: \"He has really stepped up to the role and is very hands-on. It makes me proud that he is such a good dad.\"Little Flynn celebrated his first birthday on January 6 and during his party he got to taste cake for the very first time.Miranda told People: \"It was the first cake he had ever seen or tasted. It was a gluten-free cake and organic, of course. He put his face in the cake. It was a healthy kick-start to his first birthday.\"\"There were a lot of balloons. We had a balloon man come because Flynn likes balloons. That was a lot of fun.\"However, the party - which was attended by five of Flynn's \"little friends\" - left the birthday boy exhausted and he had to be put down for some much-needed rest.Miranda said: \"He was awake for a couple of hours and then it was nap time.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11516768", "title": "PMO website gets a makeover", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has a new-look website that aims to provide more information on the PM and the government while making navigation for users easier. The website will soon offer more audio-visual information as well.The recast has come about after several years during which the PMO website has remained largely unchanged. The new visual representation is in a pleasant blue shade with well marked-out links on the margins. The RTI section has copies of PMO's \"annual return information system\".There is information on reports and committees associated with the PM's office, press releases, interviews and a media gallery. The website now has a link for visitors to leave their comments on areas ranging from the economy to social justice.The Right to Information link provides details of assets declared by ministers and a report on RTI queries received and dealt with by the PMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518951", "title": "Times impact: Fuel removed, bus station opened", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of Jayanagar 9th Block heaved a sigh of relief after 24,000 litres of fuel stored underground in their neighbourhood was finally removed.After BBMP razed a petrol pump adjacent to Akkamahadevi Park on 46th Main as its lease had expired, the fuel was not removed and this triggered fear among residents. The prime site worth Rs 22 crore become the Atal Bihari Vajpayee bus terminus three days ago.TOI published a report about this problem on August 28, 2011 after which BBMP, the local MLA and residents took up the issue with the site owner and sought judicial intervention. The new bus terminus will help commuters of Marenahalli, JP Nagar and Jayanagar 4th T Block and Jayanagar 5th Block. This was one of the long-pending demands of Jayanagar residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11516787", "title": "Major surgery through minimal invasion performed", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time in the city, doctors at Wockhardt heart hospital performed a bypass heart surgery on a 69-year-old patient using minimal invasive cardiac surgery (MICS) method on Monday. The surgery was done through just a 3-4 inches cut between two ribs on the left side instead of 18-20 inches cut. The patient, a government employee, is said to have responded well to the operation.The procedure was however not performed fully by city cardiac surgeons.Dr Marc Ruel from University of Ottawa Heart Institute in Canada , a known expert in the technique, demonstrated the procedure to Dr K G Jayaprasanna and Dr Sameet Pathak, the two cardiovascular surgeons attached to the hospital. Like any other minimal invasive procedure even heart surgery using the technique has its own advantages over the conventional open heart bypass surgery like minimal hospitalization and faster recovery.\"At present, MICS is done in just a few institutes at New Delhi, Mumbai etc. It does have many plus points but it definitely cannot replace the conventional method as it has its own limitations,\" said Dr Jayaprasanna.Dr Ruel is in India to teach the technique, started way back in 2005 , to interested doctors in the country. He has already performed surgeries at Hyderabad, Indore and Nagpur. It is suggested for young age patients and professionals who can't take long leave from the job.The patient operated upon at Wockhardt incidentally did not have any heart disease, hypertension or diabetes. However the problem, blockages of two major vessels, was detected after his first heart attack.Advantages of MICS* Minimum hospitalization.* No cut in chest bones.* Minimal blood loss.* Faster recovery.* Cosmetic advantage as there is no big scar on the chest.* Chances of post surgical complications are lesser.* Chances of infections are also minimized.* Suggested for patients with other medical complications like diabetes or disease of kidney or lungs.Disadvantages* Can't be done on patients with unstable angina.* Can't be done on patients with critical left vein disease.* Is more difficult and requires higher skill compared to conventional procedure.* Requires different and special instrumentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11518172", "title": "India may import raw materials for fertilisers", "text": "MADURAI: Union minister for chemicals and fertilisers, M K Alagiri said that measures would be taken to import raw materials from South Africa, which would bring some respite to the fertiliser shortage in the country.Addressing media persons on Monday, the minister said he had been to South Africa on an official tour where he visited various places in that country and came across a lot of mineral rich areas.He found that important raw materials in producing DAP kind of fertilisers were found in South Africa. Alagiri said that he discussed the possibilities of importing the raw materials from South Africa to India. During the talks, the South African officials also assured that they will look into the possibilities.\"The import of raw materials will greatly ease the DAP fertiliser shortage in the country and also increase its local production and other fertilisers,\" he said. After the ministerial level talks, the officials from his ministry will visit South Africa and discuss the next level with the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517485", "title": "Rhino-poaching bid at city zoo foiled", "text": "GUWAHATI: After Kaziranga National Park and other sanctuaries of the state, rhino poachers have set their eyes on the Assam State Zoo in the city.Forest guards at the Assam State Zoo-cum-Botanical Garden here foiled a rhino-poaching bid in an enclosure on Saturday. The poacher, who hails from Manipur, was identified as Chin Khansong (55) from Churachandpur district. He sneaked into the zoo from its southern boundary on Saturday night.Khansong was arrested near the rhino enclosure early on Sunday morning while he was trying to flee when a forest guard asked him to stop.Zoo officials said Khansong arrived in the city on January 13 and had put up in a hotel. \"He had climbed the wall and had a .303 rifle, live cartridges, an axe and some sharp weapons with him. After our interrogation, he was handed over to Assam Police\", said zoo divisional forest officer Utpal Bora. He added that Khansong has confessed that he sneaked into the zoo to kill rhinos for horns.Five years ago, another poaching attempt was foiled inside the zoo. The poacher made a hole on the bounder wall of the zoo and tried to electrocute a rhino but was unsuccessful. He, however, managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518583", "title": "City school buses under RTO scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: The school buses operating in Bhopal will be under close observation by the traffic police and the RTO to ensure that they fulfill the norms specified by the Supreme Court, said divisional commissioner Bhopal Praveen Garg on Monday.\"Action will be taken against bus drivers failing to follow the norms as prescribed by the Apex Court,\" he added. He said that to check cases of over-speeding, speed governors have been made mandatory for the buses.The commissioner also instructed the RTO and the district education officer to conduct surprise inspection of the school buses from time to time.Officials from the regional transport office, the DEO, SSP Yogesh Choudhury, traffic ASP Monika Shukla were among others present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518356", "title": "Panic as cotton-laden railway wagon catches fire", "text": "NAGPUR: A major tragedy was averted at Nagpur station after a cotton-laden wagon of a goods train caught fire under mysterious circumstances on Monday afternoon. Although Central Railway officials could not ascertain the exact cause of the fire, sources on the spot said the fire was ignited by sparks from the over head equipment (OHE) power line after it came into contact with some Chinese nylon manja.However, according to one version, the fire must have occurred due to short circuit. Around 1.30pm, the engine driver of the goods train noticed smoke emanating from one of the wagons and informed the assistant yard master (AYM).The yard staff detached the affected wagon from the cotton rake consisting of 43 wagons and shifted it to Ajni yard near section engineer's office around 3pm. The operation to control the fire started at 3.45pm. By the time a lot of the cotton bales had already been damaged.Incidentally, Central Railway general manager Subodh Kumar Jain is slated to visit Nagpur on Tuesday, leading to a high level of alertness among railway staff.Ramnath Thakur, manager of Jai Durga Transport Corporation, which had booked the consignment, the entire rake of cotton was headed for Shalimar in Kolkata from Paras. The cotton was being exported to Bangladesh.\"There were 200 cotton bales worth Rs30-36 lakh in the wagon. Almost 85% of the bales were burned to ashes,\" Thakur claimed.There was a lot of commotion at the Ajni yard with smoke billowing from the wagon even as 20 firefighters tried to douse the blaze. A motley crowd of passers-by gathered at the Ajni railway overbridge (ROB) to watch the fire, causing a minor traffic jam.The cotton-laden rake finally left Nagpur at around 3.45pm but the firefighting operation continued till late night. When called up at 8.45pm, Thakur said it would take a couple of hours more to control the fire.PRO of Central Railway PD Patil said a major tragedy was averted due to the alert railway staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519871", "title": "Cong MLCs to press for cabinet berths", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rival groups stepped up their campaign against the induction of two PRP legislators in the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet with the chief minister slated to leave for New Delhi on Tuesday evening. An MLC opposing the induction of C Ramachandraiah is also proceeding to Delhi to further his cause.Kiran Kumar, who is wanting to drop a few members of his cabinet and pressing for the induction of a few of his loyalists, is slated to meet AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad on Tuesday evening and may also meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi . Besides MLC Ramachandraiah, PRP MLA Ghanta Srinivas Rao is also slated to be inducted into the Kiran cabinet. Ramachandraiah hails from Kadapa and several Congress leaders from Kadapa have already threatened a revolt if he is taken into the cabinet.After the Kadapa leaders, Paladugu Venkata Rao, former minister and member of the Legislative Council, is also scheduled to leave for Delhi on Tuesday morning to meet Azad and oppose Ramachandraiah's candidature. According to sources, Paladugu is peeved that his own candidature for making it to the Kiran cabinet was being ignored despite being the senior-most MLC. His mission would be to persuade the Congress leadership to induct some senior MLCs as well when the mini cabinet expansion takes place on January 19.Speaking to TOI, Paladugu said he would oppose the induction of the two PRP legislators on the grounds that they worked against the Congress when they were in the Telugu Desam Party. \"The two names recommended by the PRP leadership have considerable anti-Congress history. It is not good for the party to take such people, even though they are now in the Congress because of their party's merger with the ruling party,\" Paladugu said.If the party wants to induct these MLAs, they should also accommodate some Congress MLCs in the cabinet. \"Outside and inside the upper house, I am the senior-most member from the Congress. So, I want to present my case before the party,\" he said.There are four senior party members in the council. They are A R Amos (Christian), Md Jani (Muslim), Paladugu Venkata Rao (Kamma), D Srinivas (Munnuru Kapu) and P Sudhakar Reddy (Reddy) who is also an AICC secretary. D Srinivas is believed to be in touch with the party leadership on his induction while the chief minister is lobbying for Md Jani's induction in place of minority affairs minister Md Ahmedulla. In the meantime, many Telangana leaders are lobbying for Amos, a Telangana veteran while Sudhakar Reddy who is well connected in Delhi, is working hard to convince the Congress leaders for a cabinet berth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11518389", "title": "Neemuch man got EC to delete Mayawati website puffs", "text": "INDORE: The Election Commission (EC) on poll mode might claim credit for thinking of covering up UP chief minister Mayawati's statues and all her sandstone elephants, but it was a man from obscure Neemuch who got the equally elephantine Mayawati plaudits in the UP government website to be axed.Chandra Shekhar Gaur, a 44-year old private firm employee, who has also been into some RTI activism on the side, got it done after email exchanges with the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) SY Quereshi and Deputy Election Commissioners.It was not just Mayawati, his efforts were equally directed at the Manipur CM's glorification in that state government's website. On January 12, Chandra Shekhar Gaur mailed to all three officials requesting them to order the removal of the photographs and puff content of the CMs of UP and Manipur from their government's official website, under the model code of conduct. He stressed that the governments of the three other states going to poll _ Uttarkhand, Punjab and Goa _ had already done so. tnnHis mail argued that if EC could order that all Mayawati statues and stone elephants, suggestive of the BSP election symbol, be covered up on the ground that no candidate or party can use government funds and land for poll advertising, the official government websites too cannot be exempted.EC officials mailed him back saying all such material would be removed in 24 hours. Gaur kept a watch on the sites, but found nothing had happened in the UP website, though the Manipur government had promptly heeded EC orders.Gaur mailed the EC again the next day asking to look into it. The officials responded, assuring that they were working on it, and all such content will be off the site in a few hours.The office of Vinod Zutshi, DEC, confirmed to TOI that EC had taken cognisance of Gaur's initiative, and taken the corrective measures", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519539", "title": "Adhikari still critical", "text": "PUNE: The condition of Anirban Adhikari, who was found unconscious at his flat at Susgaon near Balewadi on Sunday morning, is still critical.Adhikari's wife Konkona (25) and his eight-month-old son Aditya were found dead in the house on Sunday. Though the Hinjewadi police suspect that the couple consumed a poisonous substance, they are still to ascertain the details.Speaking to TOI on Monday, Anirban's brother Arindam said that he thought it was an accident. \"We think that Anirban, Konkona and Aditya may have suffocated in the house,\" Arindam said, adding, \"When I entered the flat, all the windows were shut tight. I also smelled smoke in the flat.\"Senior police inspector Ganpatrao Madgulkar of the Hinjewadi police station said that hospital authorities have kept the viscera after Konkona and Aditya's post mortem. \"The post mortem report states that there are no internal or external injuries,\" Madgulkar said.He said the police have searched the Adhikaris flat several times, looking for a poisonous substance. \"We also thoroughly checked the premises of the apartment, but nothing was found,\" Madgulkar said. \"We are also looking at the case from the food poisoning angle.\"The doctor treating Adhikari said that samples taken from his stomach had been sent for chemical analysis. The report is expected in 36 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sitapur", "code": "11519363", "title": "Loans to farmers will be waived: MSY", "text": "SITAPUR: After promises of free education and medical facilities, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav said here on Monday that if voted to power, his party would provide free electricity to weavers and farmers and waive farmers' loans.Blaming both Congress and the BSP for the poor state of affairs in the state, he said that his party would also initiate an inquiry into alleged misuse of funds by the BSP regime in the event of its forming the government. Addressing a poll rally, the SP chief said: \"If the SP is voted to power in UP, we will provide free electricity to weavers and farmers besides waiving all loans of 'kisans' up to Rs 50,000.\" Alleging that the BSP government did nothing for the welfare of people, he said chief minister Mayawati was busy 'counting money earned through corrupt practices'.\"Machines to count money are installed at Kalidas Marg residence (of the CM). From Lekhpals (revenue officials) to district magistrates- all are BSP agents,\" the SP chief said. Speaking after him, the party general secretary Azam Khan lambasted the Congress party for its alleged desperate attempt to trigger a communal divide in UP for political gains. He especially singled out senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh, accusing him of a planned attempt to ignite communal passions before the UP elections.Refering to the arrest of one Qamran Siddiqui for throwing black ink on Yoga guru Swami Ramdev during a press conference in Delhi on Saturday, Azam said \"Mr Digvijay Singh said it was an incident in which a Hindu was targeted by a Muslim. How can someone of his stature swoop to such lows. He did not say it ones, but repeated it again and again in the news clippings that were aired by the new channels all through the day.\" Azam emphasised that it was not an off-the-cuff remark but a part of a strategy.Azam then recollected a series of communal clashes that took place in Moradabad and Meerut when the Congress party was in power in Uttar Pradesh. \"They have been responsible for the innumerable killings of innocents - mostly Muslims - and now once again they are at it,\" Azam said. He made repeated appeals before the gathering not to pay attention to Congress gimmicks. Talking of the dire need for reservation to Muslims, Azam Khan said \"My majority community brothers, you should not object to the demands of reservation for the minorities. On the contrary everyone should support it. We are not among those who opted for Pakistan during the partition, but we are the ones who refused to budge from here because India is as much our motherland as anyone else in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517748", "title": "Street's a stage for these artistes", "text": "PATNA: The weeklong '21st Patna Theatre Festival-2012', which began on January 14, is also hosting a series of 'nukkad natak' (street corner plays) from Tuesday at the Kalidas Rangalaya here.The festival started with a stage play, 'Hum Jeena Chahte Hain', performed by the artistes of Bihar Art Theatre and directed by Ajit Bhai Theatrewala on Saturday.\"We are celebrating the 96th birth anniversary of our founder Anil Kumar Mukherjee. We have been celebrating his birthday with a theatre festival since 1992,\" said Pradip Ganguli, assistant secretary of Bihar Art Theatre.During the festival, theatre lovers can enjoy a series of street plays that would be staged from 2.30pm. These include 'Jangiram Ki Haveli' (directed by Vijendra Kumar 'Toke'), 'Kaagaji Ghode' (Om Prakash Priyadarshi), 'Hartaal, Hartaal aur Hartaal' ( Dharmesh Mehra) and 'Palki' (directed by Hasan Imam).The other stage plays to be held at the festival include 'Beton Ki Ma' ( Kshitij Prakash), 'Viplavi' ( Neeraj Kumar Singh), 'Aadmiyat Mehangi Hai' ( Mukesh Kumar), 'Suryast Ke Baad' ( Krishna Mohan), 'Aatma Ki Khoj' ( Avinash Kishore), 'Ghar Ki Murgi Daal Barabar' ( Anil Chaturvedi) and two mono-acts 'Dus Din Ka Aasan' (Vinod Kumar) and 'Raspriya' ( Rajeev Ranjan Srivastava).The 10 city theatre groups participating in the festival include 'Rangkarm', 'Prayas', 'Praveen Sanskritik Manch', 'Nirvana Kala Manch', 'Vistaar', 'Madhyam Foundation', 'Koumudi', 'Prerna', 'Adakaar Khwahish' and 'Indian People's Theatre Association'.Artistes of 'Sanrachna' (Muzaffarpur), 'Nirmaan Rangmanch' (Hajipur) and 'Natraj Art Theatre' (Pandarak) are also participating in this festival,\" Ganguli told TOI.At the concluding ceremony on Friday, Krishna Sinha, Jamshedpur and Nirmal Srivastava, Allahabad would be felicitated with 'Anil Kumar Mukherji Shikhar Samman-2012' for their contribution to theatre, art and culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "11519831", "title": "BPL controversy: 55,000 names families struck off in Sonipat", "text": "SONIPAT: The district authorities' decision to strike off names of about 55,000 families from Below the Poverty Line (BPL) list has raked up a controversy and prompted those affected to launch an agitation. Hundreds of agitated people held a demonstration in Sonipat on Monday, to protest against the cancellation of BPL cards. The protest was held under the banner of Lok Abhiyan Samiti.Local BJP leader Rajiv Jain led the agitators, who submitted a memorandum with deputy commissioner Pankaj Aggarwal and demanded restoration of the cards and inclusion of other eligible families. Jain claimed that the government had cancelled about 55,000 BPL cards and the affected included widows and destitute women. \"It was wrong to determine the eligibility of BPL families on the basis of 2001 guidelines, when inflation has gone up sharply in a decade,\" he stated.\"When the Union government has agreed to reconsider its decision to keep those families whose daily income is Rs 32 in urban areas and Rs 26 in rural areas out of the criteria of BPL, it was unjust on the part of Haryana government to continue with the earlier criteria of Rs 14.77 daily income for BPL,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518213", "title": "Team Anna to launch voter awareness campaign in UP on Feb 3", "text": "LUCKNOW: Team Anna will launch its campaign for UP assembly election from Faizabad on February 3. The thrust of the campaign would be to shed the anti-Congress tag slapped on it and make voters aware that they are 'masters' and should ask questions from the candidates instead of being swayed by demagoguery and caste or communal factors. The team will also ask voters to question candidates in their constituencies about their stand on the Lokpal.\"The meeting in Faizabad would be attended by Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi. We would try and make people see the ugly face of democracy when all political parties gang up to scuttle legislation of a strong Lokpal. We would also highlight the doublespeak of the political parties which take high moral ground when they speak on the issue of corruption but in practice give tickets to corrupt and criminal elements,\" said Gopal Verma, a Faizabad-based social activist and member of India Against Corruption.Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare is ailing and may not be able to take part in the campaign as he has been advised to take rest by the doctors. However, his team would hold public meetings in different parts of the state throughout the election. The election will be held from February 6 to March 3. The volunteers of the India Against Corruption have already spread out across the state to assess real issues of the people. They are also collecting information about the candidates of different parties.Earlier, Anna had threatened to campaign against the Congress in all the five states where assembly election is being held to protest against the weak Lokpal brought by the Congress-led UPA government. Anna had accused the Congress of cheating the people of India. The UPA government was able to pass the bill in the Lok Sabha but could not get the constitutional status as it did not have the required support. The bill was deferred as the government could not arrange required numbers to pass the legislation.In by-election last year in October, Team Anna had campaign against Congress in Haryana and Bihar. The Congress candidates lost by-election. However, it provided Congress an opportunity to support its accusation that BJP and RSS are behind Team Anna's campaign which was actually against Congress and not corruption. Anna had described allegations as rubbish and said that he was mounting pressure on Congress because it was the ruling party and thus could ensure enactment of a strong Lokpal.Not only Congress, several social activists and a few members of Team Anna had also expressed reservation over Anna's decision to campaign only against Congress. They all felt that the campaign should be apolitical and against corruption. As a result, the Team Anna has changed its strategy and decided to launch a voter awareness drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11516785", "title": "All-party meet to discuss waste menace", "text": "KANNUR: In an effort to find a solution to the garbage dumping menace at Chelora village in Kannur, a meeting of the leaders of various political parties will be held in the district collectorate at 5pm on Tuesday. The meeting will be presided over by rural development and public relations minister K C Joseph.The people Chelora have been on the agitational path over the issue since December. Various party representatives felt that the minister should be party to the meeting so that an necessary action can be taken on the basis of the policies of the state government. Kannur MP K Sudhakaran, MLA AP Abdullakkutty, district panchayath president K A Sarala, municipal chairperson M C Sreeja and representatives of different political parties are expected to take part in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519541", "title": "CBI investigation sought into Bhatta-Parsaul case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday reserved its verdict on a bunch of petitions seeking CBI probe into the police action in Bhatta-Parsaul village in Gautam Buddh Nagar.The bench, however, made it clear and directed that the investigation into this case should go on but the subordinate court will not take cognizance of it. The petitioners had demanded a CBI probe into the police firing of May 7, 2011, when a clash between the agitating farmers and the administration had also left many others, including the then district magistrate of Gautam Buddh Nagar, badly injured.Violence had erupted when the police and administrative officials had gone to the village to rescue some state transport corporation personnel allegedly being held hostage by the agitating farmers. The incident had kicked off a major political storm as Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi charged after visiting the village that some villagers had complained to him that some of the protestors were burnt alive and women raped by the policemen. An FIR was lodged against some policemen and Provincial Armed Constabulary personnel following a Noida court order passed in November last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518365", "title": "Railway passenger runs from pillar to post for Rs 314 refund", "text": "NAGPUR: To claim a refund of 314 a passenger from the city has been forced to run from pillar to post for 80 days by the commercial department officials of the Nagpur Central Railway.Even the Hope Cell, inaugurated by none other than general manager S K Jain in November 2011 to solve passengers' grievances, has failed to provide relief to the passenger concerned.Aggrieved passenger Amar Nagpal, a resident of Teen Nal Chowk, Gandhibagh, had to travel to Kalyan urgently on October 27, 2011. Nagpal bought a current ticket for 159 and paid another 155 for excessive fare ticket (EFT) to the train ticket examiner (TTE) for a confirmed berth in sleeper class S4 coach.The train no. 12102 Howrah-LTT (Janeshwari Express) was running six hours behind schedule, and the emergency for which Nagpal was to go to Kalyan couldn't be fulfilled. Hence he decided to cancel the journey and sought refund. As for trains running over three hours late, railways refund the entire ticket amount, but Nagpal had sought refund two hours before the train was to arrive at Nagpur.However, Nagpal alleged that the commercial staff on duty at refund counter, deputy station superintendent (DySS) and TTEs office refused to refund the ticket money. When he approached the station master, he was handed over a ticket deposit receipt (TDR) form (525768).\"One part of the form was filled by the DySS while I was asked to fill the other portion and send it to chief commercial manager (refunds) at Mumbai. My four hours were wasted at the station but I was not refunded the ticket money. I had to spend another 22 to send the form to Mumbai,\" said Nagpal.Frustrated with the helm of affairs, Nagpal registered his protest in the complaint book available at the station. On November 10, Nagpal's complaint was replied to by divisional railway manager (commercial) Dhirendra Singh mentioning that based on his complaint an inquiry has been conducted and the concerned railway employees have been issued a warning. Singh also expressed regrets but did not talk about paying refund to Nagpal.\"The entire episode points out towards the ills in the railway system. The Central Railway is going ga ga over the Hope Cell, known for solving passengers' grievances, but such cases are sent to Mumbai. Why the refund can't be paid here,\" asked Nagpal.Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Satyendra Kumar said, \"I will check up the status of the refund of the particular passenger. We will get it done and it's not an issue.\" He also said that there was no officer named Dhirendra Singh who issued the letter.However, Nagpal says it's almost 80 days he has been struggling to get the refund. \"I must have spent more than the 325 refund. It's a question of how passengers suffer in red tape,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517821", "title": "Illiterate, but understood plastic money very wel", "text": "GURGAON: The gang of robbers, albeit uneducated, was very much in touch with the present-day reality of plastic money. So, every time they picked up an unsuspecting passenger, their focus was to get the ATM card and the pin number.Police said only one of the gang members knew how to use the ATM card to withdraw cash. Investigators said that two gangs - one headed by Ashrad and the other by Shamim - had been active in Gurgaon in recent years. The Arshad gang was first busted by Sector 29 SHO Jagdish Parshad in 2009. The next year police had cracked down on the Shamim gang. Most of these gang members are in jail.Meanwhile, Ashrad's right-hand man, Suleman alias Juber, raised his own gang. In this new gang he included fresh unemployed boys only from Chahalka village in Tauru (Mewat). All the gang members are in the age group of 22-26; and all are poor and illiterate.Police officers said that the modus operandi of the gang members had been the same in all cases. They always made it sure that the car had space for only one passenger. \"Once they picked up a passenger, they would drive down about a kilometre or so and then would start beating up the victim. They would rob valuables and always try to get the ATM or credit cards. They would force the victims to disclose the pin number and withdraw the maximum cash that they could,\" said an officer.In a recent case, when one of the victims gave them an incorrect pin number for his two ATM cards, they beat him up mercilessly and even seriously injured his hands. These gang members mostly offered lifts to passengers from IFFCO Chowk, Rajiv Chowk and Hero Honda Chowk late in the evening when public transport is almost unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11518153", "title": "Chanda fort wall work resumes", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The reconstruction work of the fort wall near the ancient Anchleshwar temple which had stopped for last six months, has finally restarted. A few days ago the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) authorities, with the help of local administration, removed the encroachment - the priest's house.Funds were allocated last year for the reconstruction of over 50-metre-long patch of the fort wall along the Zarpat river. The wall had collapsed following floods and heavy rains in 2003.But, the construction work remained stuck as the priest of the Anchleshwar temple, who had built his house along the damaged portion of the wall, was not willing to clear his encroachment. It took more than six months to pursue him to remove his belongings from the house.Finally, the priest's house was pulled down a few days ago to make way for reconstruction .Chandrapur chapter of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) convenor Ashoksingh Thakur, who is pursuing the matter, confirmed the clearance of the encroachment.Thakur told TOI that to restore the old look of the damaged wall, the construction of the wall needed to be carried out with the similar kind of stones and construction material. The sand stones, of which the fort is made, have been brought from Gadchiroli and Andhra Pradesh.The particular patch of the wall that collapsed, protected the ancient Anchleshwar temple from the onslaught of Zarpat river. After the collapse of the wall, religious organizations and political parties raised uproar for its reconstruction. Even few agitations were also staged, but the matter was put on the backburner after some time. However, after persistent persuasion by MP Hansraj Ahir, the ministry of tourism and culture took cognizance of the matter and ordered a survey of the damaged portion of the fort wall.The Chandrapur chapter of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) too pursued the matter at its own level. The ministry allocated Rs 75 lakh for the re-construction last year.The ground breaking ceremony of the fort-wall was carried out on July 2011 at the hands of MP Hansraj Ahir in the presence of senior ASI officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11519975", "title": "Drug case: Former mayor\u2019s son in judicial custody", "text": "MANGALORE: Araf, 19, who was wanted by the Kankanady police in a drug offence case surrendered before the police and the court has remanded him to judicial custody.The accused is son of former city corporation mayor K Ashraf.It is alleged that the accused had tried to drug his classmate and take her to Mumbai.Of the two cases, he has got bail in one case and in another bail was rejected, hence he surrendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518448", "title": "Court extends Tantrik's remand, accomplishes still at large", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A local court on Monday extended the remand of the accused in the Rs 14 lakh cheating case. Police officials had earlier arrested Thakornath Lokhandi for hoodwinking an industrialist by posing as a tantric and cheating him of Rs 14 lakh.Manish Patel in his complaint told Kalupur police station officials that Sudarshan Lokhandi, his son Gopal and brother Thakornath had cheated him as tantriks.Thakornath was arrested on January 11 and sent to police remand. Police officials told the court that during remand he shared little information on the whereabouts of his accomplices and the money they took from Patel fraudulently. The court extended the remand by four days.Patel told police that the trio posing as tantriks with special powers gave him three bags promising that he will find crores of rupees inside provided he opens them at a specified date. But Patel was shocked to find only newspapers stashed inside the bags.The three remained at large, until one of them called Patel after the complaint was filed demanding Rs 20 lakh. The caller told Patel that he can still find the money inside the bags, but first he must pay Rs 20 lakh for filing the police complaint. Police officials laid a trap and nabbed Thakornath when he came to receive the money.As per Patel's statement, he had met the trio outside a restaurant on Relief Road in early November last year. \"We believe that Patel is not the only victim of the fraudsters. During interrogation Thakkornath has revealed little but we will hunt down his accomplices who are still at large,\" said a Kalupur police station official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "goke (darjeeling)", "code": "11518457", "title": "Tribal leader wants Dooars in GTA", "text": "GOKE (DARJEELING): Ousted Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parshad (ABAVP) leader John Barla on Monday threatened to start an agitation in the plains to pressure the government to include Terai and Dooars in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).Barla, who was invited by the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leadership to attend the Agro-Horti Fair in Goke, 14 km from Darjeeling town, said the delay in formation of GTA and in the high-power committee's survey to decide on the regions to be included in it proved that it was all eyewash. \"Adivasis are with mebecause they know I am right. We will start an agitation in Dooars and Terai from February to demand the early formation of GTA and the inclusion of new areas in it,\" claimed Barla.Barla, a former president of the Terai-Dooars regional unit of the ABAVP, was expelled from the tribal body last December. The ABAVP's central committee leaders had apparently found Barla and some others guilty of disobeying the tribal body's constitution when he decided to join hands with the GJM for GTA and also proposed a Gorkhaland Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA).The GJM, too, is reportedly not happy with the progress made by the survey committee. \"We will wait till March and after that, think afresh. This unnecessary delay cannot be tolerated,\" said a party source.The GJM central committee leadership is expected to make an announcement in Darjeeling on Tuesday to reflect its displeasure over the delay of the formation of GTA.Barla said he would start an awareness campaign from February to educate the people of Dooars and Terai about the benefits of GTA. \"We have already started work at the grassroots level in the Terai and Dooars to educate people about the GTA and the GATA and their benefits. I am positive that people will understand and accept it,\" he added.Rubbishing the government's explanation of the delay in completing the survey by citing shortage of manpower, Barla claimed: \"This survey is simply eyewash. The government did not expect the tribal community to support the inclusion of their territories in the GTA. It has taken the government by surprise.\"The former tribal leader does not believe that working together with GJM would create divisions in the ABAVP's ranks, but feels that it would benefit the Adivasis instead. \"It is there for everyone to see. What did we achieve in the four years of fighting with the GJM? Development in Terai and Dooars is zero. But working together will definitely benefit both the Adivasis and the Gorkhas,\" Barla claimed. He cited the example of the victory of the GJM-ABAVP combine in the recent student elections in Dooars.Amid all this, the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parshad leadership is apparently planning to bring back into the party fold its former Terai-Dooars unit secretary Rajesh Lakra, who had stepped out in 2010 to float his own organization. But Barla does not see it is as a crisis for himself. \"I am working for the people and will continue to do so. There will always be obstacles before those who want to do good work, but I am positive people will support me,\" he said.Under Lakra's leadership the ABAVP had given stiff resistance to GJM's movement in the plains until he decided to part ways in 2010. However, after taking over the regional leadership responsibilities, Barla had been moderate in his approach to GJM's movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11519134", "title": "Cops unsure about Yelahanka MLA's fate", "text": "Lokayukta police are ambiguous about whether to arrest Yelahanka MLA SR Vishwanath or not during the course of investigation.Vishwanath has filed for anticipatory bail before the special Lokayukta court. The cops, who told the court they had no plans to arrest him now, were unclear if they would do the same during the course of investigation, while filing chargesheet or during framing of charges.The judge has posted the case for hearing on Tuesday.Acting on a complaint by V Shashidhar, the court had directed Lokayukta police to register an FIR and investigate the case on December 9, 2011.The complainant alleged that Vishwanath had amassed wealth worth over Rs 70 crore illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11519430", "title": "Ijaz skips hearing, seeks more time", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz, a key figure in the raging memo row, on Monday sought time till January 25 to come before a judicial commission investigating the scandal , citing security threats. Ijaz, who was scheduled to appear before the SC appointed commission on Monday, skipped the crucial hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518901", "title": "Spandana fails to respond", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda might be active on Twitter, following up public grievances, but the Palike's online portal for citizen's civic woes is virtually non-functional.Wing Commander Menon K, 54, a Yelahanka New Town resident, is among the many who find it difficult to take a walk in the local BBMP park, as the solar lamps are not functioning. He filed a complaint with the BBMP's online public grievances redressal portal two months ago, but is yet to get a response.The much-hyped Spandana, which promised redressal of grievances for Bangaloreans in a flat 24 hours, is useless. \"I've registered a complaint with the Spandana to resolve the problem of solar lamps not working. No one bothered to take up the matter. I've also mailed the complaint to the email ids of all the engineers and senior officials concerned. The mails bounced back, saying the capacity of the email ids is full. In fact, only those who can read Kannada can file complaints properly on the website, as the display in English has been stopped. Is this how a civic body functions?\" asks Menon.Once you register your complaint with the website, a complaint number is given. However, most times if you login to know the status of your complaint, the website blindly says, \"Details unavailable (Vivaragalu labhyavilla)\".Fire played spoilsportThe fire accident in BBMP also contributed to the mess. The IT section, which housed the server room, was situated just next to the BMTF police station, where the fire occurred. BBMP shifted its main data centre and servers to the BSNL office in Fraser Town. Since then, Spandana hasn't been able to send acknowledgements through sms to users who file complaints. Everyone is clueless as to when the server will be shifted to its original place.No acknowledgementsCitizens are not given acknowledgements when they file complaints. We've received some complaints on this. We are not able to send smses to the applicants as the server has been placed in the BSNL office in Fraser Town. We have also noticed that the text in English is not being displayed. This has been informed to the National Informatics Centre, which is maintaining the centre. Action taken on the complaint registered depends on the response by officials.24-hr promise falls flatThe meaning of Spandana - to respond - is defeated. BBMP's then administrator KM Shivakumar and commissioner Bharatlal Meena launched the public grievance cell website () had inaugurated the website on November 17, 2009. So far, Spandana has received 12,263 complaints on various civic issues. It was promised earlier that problems reported through Spandana were to be resolved within 24 hours!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519568", "title": "Will sops for carpet industry boost poll prospects of Congress?", "text": "VARANASI: Though Union minister for commerce and textiles Anand Sharma had promised Rs 100 crore for the Bhadohi-Mirzapur carpet belt, it seems that the sop would hardly impress the people of Sant Ravidas Nagar (Bhadohi) district if the results of 2007 assembly elections are kept in mind.The district has three assembly constituencies including Bhadohi, Gyanpur and Aurai (SC).While Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) bagged two seats -- Aurai and Bhadohi-- in 2007 UP poll, the Samajwadi Party (SP) won Gyanpur seat.The performance of the Congress was very poor with 3.59% votes polled in Aurai, 2.68% in Gyanpur and 4.89% in Bhadohi.While there was a close contest between BSP and Apna Dal for Aurai seat, the SP and BSP were in fight at Gyanpur and Bhadohi seats in 2007 assembly election.This time the situation is more or less the same as it was in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517722", "title": "Kalam formula: Smiling moms keep nation happy", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"If my mother is happy, my home is happy. If my home is happy, society is happy. If society is happy, my nation is happy.\" Former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam imparted these words of wisdom to an audience made up of students from over 120 schools from across the capital at the NIE Newspapers Meet 2012.With this year's theme being 'Make Your Mother Smile' the former President explained various ways in which students could bring a smile to the face of their mothers.\"There are many dimensions to make our mother smile which is based on one's own interest... Every child is unique. There are four rules to succeed in life -- aim high, continuously acquire knowledge, hard work and perseverance,\" he said.Organised by the Times of India's Student Edition in association with What Can I Give ( WCIG), an initiative started by Kalam and supported by The Times Foundation, the session also saw a question-answer round where the students bombarded Dr Kalam with questions like, Why is India so weak when it comes to mathematical aptitude? How can creativity make my mother smile? How can I make my mother smile?When Chaudhary Ali from Delhi Public School, asked the former President how a rag-picker could make his HIV positive mother smile, Kalam replied that we should work towards eliminating poverty and one of the ways India can achieve Vision India 2020 is if every youngster in a nation with a population of 6 million youth can ask this question to himself or herself every day: 'How can I be of help?'\"This aim can be achieved if you see five people who cannot read and write and teach at least one to do so,\" said Kalam. The closing ceremony was marked by students singing the National Anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518364", "title": "Reading, maths ability declining in kids: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pratham's seventh Annual Survey of Education Report (ASER) of rural India released on Monday tells a similar tale: rising enrolment but declining attendance, over-reliance on private tuitions, decline in reading and mathematical ability of children in the age group between six and 14. The report was released by HRD minister Kapil Sibal .Use of computer is also on the rise in upper primary schools. Almost a third (30.8%) of upper primary schools had computers. But proportion was high in Kerala (78.4%), Tamil Nadu (51.1%), Gujarat (31%) and Maharashtra (30.6%). In contrast, only 7.9% government primary schools had computers. Kerala is the only exception, where 78.5% of primary schools were equipped with computers.Despite the claim by Pratham that ASER is the largest educational survey in the country, the National University Educational Planning and Administration's district education report is far bigger - reaching out to each and every school with more comprehensive data. Sibal said that it would be wrong to blame the Central government alone for ills of elementary education as it is left to state governments to carry out work at the ground level.The good news about ASER 2011 is that 96.7% children in the 6-14 age bracket were enrolled in schools. Heartening news continues on the girl's enrolment front as well that increased from 89.7% (2010) to 94.8% (2011). Credit goes to states like Bihar, where 95.5% girls were enrolled, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh each logging 95.7% girls' enrolment. Till 2006, these states had around 90% enrolment for girls.Uttar Pradesh continues to perform poorly. Girl's enrolment stands at 88.9%, a decline from 90.3% in 2006.Another positive aspect of enrolment is increase in enrolment of five-year-old children in schools. National average is 57.8% with strong variation across states. For instance, enrolment of five-year-olds was 87.1% in Nagaland, and 18.8% in Karnataka.Enrolment story has another interesting aspect. More and more children are going to private schools. Nationally 25.6% children are going to private schools. In 2006, only 18.7% children were enrolled in these schools. Kerala and Manipur had more than 60% children going to private schools. Between 30% and 60% of children in rural areas of Haryana, UP, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Punjab, J&K;, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh were enrolled in private schools.Children's attendance has declined from 73.4% (2007) to 70.9% (2011). Decline is slightly steeper in upper primary schools, where it decreased from 75.6% (2007) to 71.9% (2011). In Bihar, there has been a sharp decline, from 59% (2007) to 50% (2011). In Madhya Pradesh, it has fallen from 67% (2007) to 54.5% (2011); in UP from 64.4% (2007) to 57.3% (2011).But teacher attendance is high at 87%. Gujarat topped with 95.6% attendance.On the rise is incidence of private tuition especially in eastern states. In both government and private schools, between 20% and 25% children attended paid tuition classes, but it was high in Odisha, Bihar and West Bengal. Kerala also has a high incidence of tuition.The worrying aspect of ASER is decline in the learning ability of children. The national figure for the proportion of children in standard V able to read standard II text dropped from 53.7% (2010) to 48.2% (2011). However, there has been improvement in states like Gujarat, Punjab and Tamil Nadu. Several north-eastern states have also shown positive change. The missing part here is that ASER ignores its own findings - in Inside Primary Schools released last October - about quality of textbooks when it deals with reading ability of children. Inside Schools' report had said \"Textbooks' expectations of what children can do and should learn are completely unrealistic as well as often arbitrary in terms of both content and sequencing.\" It also said textbooks are being written for an \"imaginary set of children\".In case of arithmetic, there are far more worrying signs. The proportion of standard III children who can solve a two-digit subtraction problem with borrowing dropped from 36.3% (2010) to 29.9% (2011). The decline is nationwide except Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. Among class V children, the ability to do the same task dipped from 70.9% (2010) to 61% in (2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11517195", "title": "Minor girl raped and murdered allegedly by landlord", "text": "FARIDABAD: A nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped and killed by her landlord in Faridabad on Sunday.Police sources said the accused, Inder Singh, is now on the run. They said the father of the victim ran a food joint in Garhi locality and was assisted by his wife in the business.On Sunday afternoon, the victim was playing with her brother while her parents were away for work, the police said. Inder lured the victim into his room on some pretext, the sources said.In the evening the family realized that their daughter was missing. The distraught parents started a frantic search for her. They found her body lying in a pool of blood in a public toilet at a nearby street, the sources said. The police were called in and a team reached the place where the body was found.The team comprising deputy commissioner of police Kuldip Singh Sivach, ACP Kuldip Singh Yadav and SHO Vijay Singh begun investigations in which they were initially assisted by the accused. A dog squad and forensic experts were also brought in to nab the killer, the sources said. Inder fled after he was named as a suspect in the case, the sources said. A case has been registered, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517358", "title": "Mumbai university to take students\u2019 opinion in youth policies", "text": "MUMBAI: In what is probably a first, the University of Mumbai is planning to give students a say in policies concerning them.With the help of experts of national and international repute who have worked in youth affairs, the university plans to frame a comprehensive model youth policy, which could be used by the state and Union government.A committee will soon be set up and given a time-frame of one year to conduct research at the ground level. Director of the board of college and university development ( BCUD) director Rajpal Hande said, \"The panel will consider Mumbai university's jurisdiction as their sample size for students' opinion, their needs, their ideas, policies affecting them and the changes they would prefer. We will have a comprehensive idea of what the youth wants and aspirations from different sections of society.\" Students' ideas on examinations, placements and curriculum will also be taken into consideration, Hande added. The panel will comprise experts who have worked in the field of youth welfare.The idea came up in the recent senate meeting which was held in Lonavla. \"When we were discussing students' welfare, several members were of the opinion that a policy for the youth should be in place. Students or young employees can give us inputs on what they believe could be incorporated in the syllabus to make it more market-oriented. Students who have passed out can tell us about what they thought was lacking in their curriculum. Their take on competitive examinations will also be considered,\" said Hande.Apart from students' welfare, the other issues that came up in the senate meeting included faculty development, academic excellence, infrastructure, examination reforms, finance and revenue. The university plans on holding a two-day workshop to discuss the evaluation system, which will be attended by principals, teachers, senate members and officials from the university.Students or young employees can give us inputs on what they believe could be incorporated in the syllabus to make it more market-oriented. Their take on competitive exams will also be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11518993", "title": "Bishnaram, Jakhar in CBI custody till Jan 18", "text": "JODHPUR: A special court here on Monday extended the police custody of Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar, who disposed the body of nurse Bhanwari Devi at Jaloda, till January 18The court also extended the judicial custody of Congress MLA from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Bhanwari's husband Amarchand, three other accused -- Omprakash, Umesharam and Sahiram Bishnoi -- till January 30.They were produced in the special CBI court in Jodhpur on Monday.Counsel for CBI S S Yadav, while seeking extension of the custody of Bishnaram and Kailash, said that the agency has got some leads from their interrogation and are in the process of corroborating some evidence regarding the disposal of the nurse's body. Bishnaram was allegedly heading the gang which burnt Bhanwari's body to ashes and then dumped the remains in a canal here.This was objected by the counsel of defendants, who argued that the duo had been under CBI custody for 11 days and the CBI officials wasted 2-3 important days in enjoying felicitation at New Delhi instead of making the best of their custody and also without completely solving the case.The CBI has so far recovered various evidences belonging to Bhanwari Devi from Rajiv Gandhi Lift Canal in Jaloda, which has led the agency to believe that she was disposed of there and her belongings and remains were dumped in the canal by the members of Bishnaram gang. Though, most of them are subject to the report by the CFSL, objects like wrist watch and earring has been identified by her son Sahil.Now the CBI is striving to recover a spade, which was used to dig the crater before setting Bhanwari's corpus ablaze and a motorcycle, which is said to be used by Om Prakash Bishnoi in the process.On the other hand, the CBI has focused itself in search of Indra Bishnoi, Pukh Raj Bishnoi, Dinesh Bishnoi and Ashok Bishnoi. Some places in Phalodi and Bilara were raided following information about Pukh Raj and Dinesh on Sunday but the efforts did not bear any fruit.\"As long as they are out of CBI's net, the filing of final chargesheet will not be possible,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519915", "title": "Brand Hyderabad takes a Telangana hit", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is official now. The recently concluded Partnership Summit has conclusively proved that the two-year long regional conflict has finally taken its toll on Brand Hyderabad. Of the 38 projects costing over Rs 5,000 crore that were grounded at the recent Partnership Summit, 34 are in the Coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema regions. Of the 172 project proposals that were received at the summit, 126 are located in the non-Telangana regions. As a result, experts are of the view that by the year 2020, the reign of Hyderabad and its surroundings in the Telangana region would be passe and that all industrial development would be in the coastal region.\"The growth of Hyderabad and its surroundings over the last three to four decades was social infrastructure-specific. Large public sector units came up due to connectivity etc. But almost all the projects that were signed at the summit and the proposals that came up are resource-centric, like power, infrastructure etc. Thus it is natural that they are located on the coastal belt,\" said Rajeshwar Rao, secretary general of the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci).Of the 9 mega projects (with an investment of Rs 5,000 crore) in the industrial sector, 8 are in the coastal region. All the four mega projects in the infrastructure sector are in the coastal region. Of the 18 projects in the power sector, 15 are in the coastal region. Only in the IT and tourism sector does Telangana see some new projects. Again, of the 84 proposals pertaining to the industrial sector, 59 are in the coastal region and only 15 are exclusively in the Telangana region. Of the 70 proposals pertaining to the energy department , 63 are in the coastal region. Only in IT (5 of the 6) and tourism (9 of the 12) does Telangana forge ahead of the other two regions.\"If the state government had wanted equal growth of the three regions, it could have pushed for more projects in the engineering and manufacturing sector. But with all the projects being resource-centric, it is but natural that the coming decade will see a phenomenal industrial growth of the coastal region and the decline of Hyderabad,\" said one state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522008", "title": "Shooting Stars", "text": "The who's who of namma Chennai descended at this happening party at a city hotel.Dressed in their best in all that's haute and bling, the women clearly outshone the men! From models to actresses and socialites, the creme de la creme were seen bonding over fine spirits and enjoying themselves. G Venket Ram, as always, was dapper while Shveta Jaishankar and Medha kept it simple and chic. Kiruthiga and Uma went colourful in yellow and pink, while Namitha rocked the animal print. Indeed, it was an unforgettable starry evening!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518584", "title": "Hospital kitchen staff cease work", "text": "KOLKATA: Relatives of patients complained on Monday that they had to buy lunch for their ailing family members as kitchen staff at government hospitals across the state ceased work. The agitating workers, however, claimed that they did serve lunch, albeit late, after the cease-work was called off.Besides a minimum wage and fixed working hours, the kitchen staff demanded that the contractors buy cereals, vegetables, fish and meat of a better quality and in the right quantity. The workers said they called off the stir temporarily after an assurance from health department officials.The state's premier SSKM Hospital apart, the strike affected NRS Medical College and Hospital, RG Kar Medical College and Hospital and Calcutta Medical College. They stopped serving food to patients after breakfast.\"We learnt about the cease-work only when lunch was not served on time. We had to manage food for our patient from outside,\" said Pankaj Dolui of Asoknagar whose relative is admitted at NRS.\"We have called off the agitation for now, considering patients' inconvenience. But we will intensify our stir if health officials do not come up with a solution in a week,\" said Indrajit Mahanta, manager at CMC's central kitchen.According to the agitators, contract employees in government hospitals now earn between Rs 30 and Rs 100 a day while the daily minimum wage should be Rs 196. They alleged that contractors do not provide them the right amount of food for cooking and whatever food is provided to them is of inferior quality. They also claimed that they have to put in extra hours at work due to inadequate staff. At CMC for instance, 38 kitchen staff, including two cooks, cater to nearly 1,200 patients daily.The agitation was called off in Kolkata hospitals by late afternoon but it went on till late evening in some hospitals in the districts, one of them being Howrah General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11517105", "title": "Toll collection to begin on Mannuthy-Edapally NH from today", "text": "THRISSUR: From Tuesday, those vehicles taking the Mannuthy-Edapally National Highway will have to pay toll at the Paliakkara Toll Plaza. Local residents (those staying in a 10-km radius) have, however, been exempted from paying toll.The decision, taken at a meeting convened by public works minister P K Ibrahim Kunju, has not gone down well with the various political parties and the National Highway Protection Council (NHPC).The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) had initially decided to start toll collection from the first week of December but that had to be put off owing to strong opposition. Protests have not died down. C R Neelakandan, convener, NHPC is beginning a hunger strike from Monday evening.District convener of the forum , Nirsad Rahman, said, \"We are against toll being imposed on vehicles. NHPC will not allow toll collection at any cost.\"Political and community organizations like the CPM, BJP, Solidarity , SNDP, etc have also joined hands with the NHPC in demanding the withdrawal of the decision to collect toll. The CPI (ML) will stop vehicles on the Mannuthy-Edapally national highway from Tuesday.\"We are demanding that the move to impose toll be abandoned altogether. It is an invasion into the freedom of the people for free movement,\" Nirsad said.The Paliakkara Toll Plaza is the only toll booth on the 47-km Mannuthy-Edappally stretch. The Rs 600cr stretch was constructed by the Guruvayur Infrastructure Private Limited. The public outcry against toll collection had forced chief minister Oommen Chandy to intervene in the issue. It was the CM who had asked the National Highways Authority to put off toll collection to a later date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518640", "title": "Delhi cops identify \u2018Bunty chor\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Delhi Police has identified suspect arrested by city police resembling notorious thief \"Bunty\" after verifying his finger prints and medical analysis. City police has picked up the \"celebrated\" thief three days back from a city hotel but he failed to yield any information to the interrogators.So much so, that a section of police were themselves confused about his identity. Devendra Singh alias Bunty, wanted for more than 500 cases of theft which are registered against him in different police stations of India. SSP Yogesh Choudhary told TOI, \"Delhi Police today matched his finger prints and confirmed that the arrested person is Bunty.\"MP police asked Delhi Police for assistance in identification of Bunty after he tried to fool the police by claiming his name as Nepolean and resident of Nepal .Simultaneously, a team of Delhi Police arrived in the Monday morning who conducted medical checks on the thief and later interrogated him at the Kotwali police station. Bunty would be produced in court Tuesday and is likely to be taken to Delhi. On Saturday, a local resident informed Kotwali police station about his presence. Bhopal police had recovered items like silver spoon, an idol and other goods stolen from New Friends Colony, Delhi, from Bunty during the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519412", "title": "Congress in a tight spot as Mani is for hartal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Giving the UDF, the Congress in particular, the jitters, the Kerala Congress led by finance minister K M Mani has decided to join the second phase of the agitation being launched by the Mullaperiyar Samyuktha Samara Samithi. And as part of this, the party has pledged its support to the state-wide hartal called by the Samithi on Wednesday.Mani's decision has put the Congress in a tight spot as the UDF had decided to suspend agitations following a request from the Prime Minister. The decision was taken on December 15 during the visit by UDF leaders to New Delhi.However, according to Kerala Congress, agitations had only been suspended for a month and with the Prime Minister not having come up with any solution to the issue, they had no option but to join the second phase of the agitation being planned by the Samithi.The Left parties in the state have already pledged their support for the hartal.From the UDF side, irrigation minister P J Joseph was the first to make a call to re-launch the agitation, and this amidst speculations that Joseph was planning a return to the CPM-led front. It is in this scenario that Mani's decision has raised many eyebrows.It was the state committee meeting of the Kerala Congress (Mani) that met in Kottayam which unanimously pledged support to the Samithi's programme. And this has irked the Congress leadership no end. Interestingly, the UDF and the KPCC executive are meeting on Wednesday, the day when Mani and his men are slated to join hands with the Left parties for the hartal.Chief minister Oommen Chandy had himself criticized the Left parties for joining the hartal claiming that the UDF government had taken every possible step to express concern over the safety of the dam. And now the chief minister's claim has been ridiculed by the party led by his finance minister.And once again, it will be K M Mani and the Mullaperiyar dam issue that will dominate state politics to a large extent in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518071", "title": "Lifeguards rescue two tourists from drowning", "text": "PANAJI: Alert lifeguards rushed to the aid of a 55-year-old tourist Ganapati Hegde from Karnataka who was vomiting blood while on a picnic with his family at Palolem beach on Sunday afternoon.A lifeguard patrolling the beach on Sunday afternoon heard the family crying for help and rushed to their aid. The tourist was found to be breathing but with a low pulse. An ambulance was summoned but as it was engaged in another emergency the victim was placed on a spine board and taken to the Canacona government hospital in a jeep and handed over to the hospital staff.In another incident at Colva beach, lifeguards rescued a youth from Uttar Pradesh from drowning on Saturday afternoon. The 28-year-old tourist, Rajesh Singh, was swimming along with his friends in a no-swim area. The on-duty lifeguard directed the group towards the 'swim' zone, but the tourists refused to comply.Suddenly, the lifeguards noticed that Rajesh Singh was struggling as he got pulled inside by a lateral current. The lifeguard rushed to the victim with a rescue tube. Singh was secured with rescue tube and brought to the shore safely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11519947", "title": "\u2018Exercise restrain while online\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: The Facebook hack claimed over two lakh victims in Bangalore alone in November last year, according to media reports quoting social networking analysts and the cybercrime department. Close on the heels of this shocking incident, the Union government last week sanctioned prosecution of 21 sites including Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft for obscene and objectionable content online. This has brought to fore the discussion on the amount of personal details one must disclose on networking sites.The freewheeling stuff on the net may adversely affect the minds of children and youths, so they must exercise restraint while surfing the net, according to social observers and psychologists. There are voices from different quarters seeking government control on online content. In the wake of this debate, The Times of India spoke to students at the Jeeveshwar Shikshana Samiti's ITI College in Hubli, to elicit their views on the benefits and limitations of being online and being connected.According to Vijay Navalur, it is good to be on a social networking site as it provides a platform to get in touch with old friends and share views with people on various issues. \"Websites like Google provide us any information under the sun, so they are very useful. They help expand the horizon of our knowledge. Of course there is bad stuff as well, but as responsible students we should take only the good and useful information and ignore the rest,\" he said.Vijay Pujari said sites like Google provide a lot of content relating to studies. So students must make proper use of it and discard what is obscene, offensive and provocative. \"Also we must exercise restraint while uploading personal details and photographs on social sites as there is fear that they can be misused.\"\"The world has become a global village after the advent of the Internet,\" said Shrikanth Kattimani. \"The net provides rich content for the use of students and researchers in any discipline. Networking sites like Facebook help us keep connected with people and share our views and ideas. Everything has good and bad elements in it, it is up to us to pick good things and discard bad and unwanted information,\" he pointed out.Summing up the discussion, Sridhar and Siddalingesh Hiremath said, \"Internet has made our life a lot more easier by providing useful information. It helps us keep abreast of the developments worldwide. If there is offensive material online we must just ignore it. And as far the sites, they should also make a sincere attempt to remove indecent and offensive stuff published online.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518032", "title": "Daily wager seeks NMC nod to enter fray", "text": "NAGPUR: After a sanitary worker, it's an aiwajdar ( daily wage worker) who is eyeing a berth in the House and has sought permission from the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to contest the civic polls.Pawan Pundalikrao Somkunwar, 34, was appointed for sweeping work. As he is HSC passed, he was deployed in the Tax Department at Laxmi Nagar Zone for distribution of property tax bills and related work. He is getting daily wage at the rate of Rs 220 per day for 26 days in a month from the health department. Somkunwar has now decided to contest the election from Vaishali Nagar, Ward no.12 coming in Ashi Nagar zone.To clear confusions and controversies in future, Somkunwar submitted an application on December 22 last year with the Laxmi Nagar Zone. In his application, he requested the officials concerned to give in writing that he may contest the poll as he does not come under Maharashtra Civil and Services Rules.\"I am not a permanent worker. There is no need to resign for contesting the election. I will contest the election as I am prepared for it. It upsets me that neither the officials nor corporators resolve the citizens' problems. I want to dedicate my life for the cause of the society and want to help the needy,\" he said.Infamous for delay, the officials concerned have not given any reply to his application till date. The application was forwarded to the general administration department (GAD) from where it went to the health department.Health officer (sanitation) Dr Milind Ganvir attached a copy of the rules prescribed in the CNC Act and returned the application to GAD from where the same was sent to Laxmi Nagar zone on Monday. Now, the decision has to be taken by the Laxmi Nagar Zone to send a reply.As per CNC Act, any permanent employee contesting the election without resignation will be disqualified from the job. Now, it will be a testing time for officials to decide whether the same is applicable to a daily wage earner or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11517182", "title": "Voter IDs remain distant dreams", "text": "NOIDA: Despite claims made by the district administration of ensuring photo electoral cards to all voters in Gautam Budh Nagar, the number of complaints from residents, who have been running from pillar to post for the last several years to procure their ID cards, has risen. RWAs of Noida and Greater Noida have been receiving regular complaints from such distressed voters.In the absence of the IDs, residents face considerable hassle when required to produce proof of identities, besides facing difficulties in casting their ballots. \"For the last six years, I have been staying in sector 37,\" said Major (Retd) RK Khera. \"The booth-level officer assigned to my sector has taken the details of my family on two occasions in the past, however, my son I are yet to get our IDs. With elections round the corner, I though the process would be expedited, but despite running around for weeks nothing has happened,\" said Khera.Khera alleges officials have made him move around various camps set up by the administration. \"From their office in sector 19, I was asked to go to the community centre in sector 37, but without any results,\" added Khera.Service class residents have been facing a harrowing time as they have to skip office for making continuous trips to procure their cards. \"I have been residing in sector 62 for over a decade. I have filled up the form for voter IDs thrice in the past. Even after furnishing photos, copies of electricity bills, etc on all occasions, my family of four has not seen their electoral cards,\" said Rajiv Sehgal, a senior official of Indian Oil .\"In a meeting of all RWAs in sector 62 last week, several voters complained of not receiving their cards despite repeated assurances from officials,\" said president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs, SM Singh.In Greater Noida, too, there have been several complaints from voters of long delays. Even RWA members, who remain in touch with officials and the administration on a regular basis, have found it difficult to get cards made for their families. \"My daughters ID is yet to come,\" said general secretary of Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida, KP Singh Tomar.However, the district administration says that if such voters have failed to get respite from the booth-level officers, they can approach the returning officers in their tehsil. \"Three electoral registration officers, of the rank of sub-divisional magistrates, have been appointed for each assembly segment in the district whose contact details have also been provided on the district website,\" said DM, Hirdesh Kumar. \"These complaints are mainly from urban areas where even BLOs have faced difficulties due to houses being either locked or the residents unavailable,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11517616", "title": "Last rites by fire for a 245-year-old building", "text": "Five days before he retired in 2005, G Balakrishnan dodged a ceiling fan that nearly fell on him when a portion of the roof caved in. Working from his office housed in the historic Chepauk Palace, parts of which were ravaged by fire on Monday morning, was eventful, he says.On Monday afternoon, Balakrishnan travelled from his home in Chromepet to visit the building complex, considered to be one of the first examples of Indo-Saracenic architecture in India. \"It was a disaster waiting to happen as the Public Works Department never maintained the buildings in the 245-year-old palace complex,\" says V Sriram, historian.The fire broke out in Kalsa mahal, a wing of the Chepauk Palace that houses various government departments around 12.30am on Monday. According to official sources, the complex is now beyond repair. \"One of the firemen, K Anbalagan, was killed and two others were injured because portions of the roof fell on them. The building is now unsafe,\" says a senior official. So plans are afoot to demolish the structure and build a new complex, the official adds. There has been no lack of maintenance, says PWD minister K V Ramalingam. \"The building had fire safety equipment but since the accident happened at night, they could not be put to use,\" says Ramalingam.The palace, the residence of the Nawabs of Arcot, was designed by British engineer Paul Benfield in 1767. It consists of two wings -- the Humayun Mahal that has a grand durbar hall and the Kalsa Mahal, which housed quarters for women. But the nawabs didn't stay long at the Palace, which had Hindu, Islamic and Western architectural elements.\"The then nawab got into more debt during the construction of the palace,\" says Sriram. Once the principality of Carnatic was annexed by the British in 1801, the nawabs were allowed to stay till 1855. \"The British chased them out soon, accusing them of colluding with emperor Tipu Sultan. The government purchased the Palace after conducting a sham auction to recover the money loaned to them,\" he says. Since then the complex has been occupied by various government departments. The British kept adding to the structure, the most notable being a tower built by architect Robert Chisholm. \"The tower was meant to symbolise British triumph over the nawabs,\" says Sriram.But the historical importance of the complex arises from the fact that it shows how the Indo-Saracenic style of architecture evolved, says historian S Muthiah. \"The culmination of this style is the grand Rashtrapati Bhavan by architect Edward Lutyens. Chepauk palace is probably one of the most important Indo-Saracenic structures in India. So the government should be looking at restoring it and not putting it down,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517596", "title": "He loved trendy cars &amp; women but trusted none", "text": "NEW DELHI: Manoj Bakkarwala is not just any other criminal. His driving skills were extraordinary and cops can vouch for that; but the 36-year-old also led a flamboyant lifestyle. He was choosy about his cars, selling only SUVs that cost over Rs 10 lakh; he chose holiday resorts as hideouts. He and Bunty 'Chor' are probably this year's biggest catches for the Delhi Police.\"He was in a relationship with a Haryana girl, who is pursuing MBA. But after coming out of jail, he dumped her. Of late, he was roaming around in Uttarakhand with an Aligarh girl. He always bore all expenses of all his girlfriends, including tuition fees,\" said an officer.Bakkarwala also used to change his accomplices from time to time and constantly changed his hideouts. \"He used to stay in rented houses in Dehradun, Karnal and Hardwar. He trusted no one,\" the officer said.Cars above Rs 10 lakh were sold directly by Bakkarwala, while those costing less than that were sold by Pradeep, his accomplice. So far, cops have been able to link 14 cases of automobile theft in south Delhi to him, but many others are believed to have been his handiwork as well. \"There has been a spate of thefts involving three men in the last three months. There's a good possibility that he might be involved in them,\" said a source.The 'escape artist', though, only extracted what he needed. In the Saket carjacking case, when the car driver asked for his cellphone from him, he took out the battery and handed the phone back with a smile. He had approached one Ganga Bahadur Bhandari, a Nepalese national, to help him dispose of vehicles as cops were on his tail.Police say the only difference between Bunty and Bakkarwala's modus operandi was the gun: while Bunty never took to guns, Bakkarwala used it as a deterrent and a tool to threaten his victims.\"He would avoid owner-driven cars, as he didn't want stiff resistance. In many cases, he would brandish a pistol; but there are also cases when he got the car just by threatening the driver. There have been a few cases when he drove away when the driver or cleaner left the keys in the car or was busy cleaning the vehicle,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11518342", "title": "AMC polls: Expelled Congress, BJP leaders announce alliance", "text": "AMRAVATI: Expelled Congress leader Dr Sunil Deshmukh and suspended BJP leader MLC Jagdish Gupta ended all speculation by announcing on Monday an alliance between them for the Amravati Municipal Council elections. The new alliance has changed quite a few political equations in the city.Both leaders, out of favour with their parties, had recently started their second innings with new parties of their own. Dr Deshmukh has set up the Janvikas Congress while Gupta set up the Jankalayan Aghadi in the backdrop of the civic polls.There had been speculation since long both leaders would announce an alliance for the civic polls. Gupta had even hinted about the same. Finally, at a press conference on Monday, Dr Deshmukh and Jagdish Gupta declared that they would form an alliance for Amravati Municipal Corporation elections.Interestingly, the RPI (Khobragade faction) has already declared its support for the new alliance of Deshmukh and Gupta. The alliance may change political equations of the district. Since last two terms (10 years), the Congress had an alliance with the Nationalist Congress Party and enjoyed power at AMC. However, this year both parties seem reluctant to form an alliance and have decided to contest separately.Strong contacts with Muslim voters is a plus point for Dr Deshmukh, hence it would work in wooing the minority voters. Like Congress, the new alliance will also pose challenge to the BJP, which was looking to make an alliance with the Shiv Sena and RPI.Out of 15 BJP corporators, Gupta said that at least 10 corporators are with him hence it would certainly be difficult for the BJP to deal with the condition. For NCP too, it would not at all be easy to win since besides the new alliance, Yuwa Swabhimani, BJP and their one-time partner Congress are strong contenders.It would be interesting to see how the new alliance would change the political scene in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519060", "title": "Clear sky to bring down min temp", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Meteorologists have predicted that clear sky would prevail in the city for the next few days apart from Tuesday and this would lead to a significant drop in minimum temperature. Dense to very dense fog is also being predicted around the end of the week. On Monday, the minimum temperature was 11.2 degrees celsius.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul said, \"Tuesday is going to be an extension of Sunday and Monday, bringing more rainfall to the region. We expect rain to subside by Tuesday evening.\"He added, \"From Wednesday, we expect clear sky and bright sunshine to arrive in Tricity. This will also allow the maximum temperature to rise during the day.\"Paul added that the incidence of bright sunshine would also mean misty conditions, devolving to dense fog, to prevail in Tricity and its surrounding areas like Mullanpur and Pinjore over the next few days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11522529", "title": "Jharkhand high court rejects Koda's plea to ban book", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand high court on Tuesday rejected former chief minister Madhu Koda's petition seeking a ban on a newly-launched book titled 'Madhu Koda Loot Raj'.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice P P Bhatt dismissed the petition on the grounds of freedom of speech.Koda had on January 12 moved the court praying for a ban on the book authored by BJP leader Saryu Roy, who was a member of the state assembly during Koda's tenure from 2006 and 2008.The book on purported loot of mineral resources in the state was released by Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy here on January 15.Koda is currently under judicial custody after his arrest on November 30, 2009 on charges of financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11518763", "title": "IIMs cold shoulder many CAT toppers", "text": "INDORE: The various Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) following their own different admission criteria has left scores of high-scoring aspirants in a spin. Many who notched excellent scores at the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011 have not got the calls for group discussion and personal interview (GD/PI) calls from the country's top B-schools.With the IIMs now focusing on experience, academic background, performance in aptitude test - some even preferring women candidates - getting a call from the desired IIMs has become tough for too many students.Getting into IIMs, especially the coveted ones like IIM-Ahmadabad (IIM-A) and IIM-Bangalore (IIM-B), is a totally different ball game. Abbas Mahuwala, an aspirant who secured 99.88 percentile in the CAT this year and is among the top scorers in the examination, has not received the GD/PI calls from either IIM-A or IIM-B. No different is the case of Karn Mehta who had secured 99.77 percentile and was expecting calls from all the prized IIMs, but in vain. Surprisingly, commerce stream students who had done well too have not been considered by the IIMs.Sidhhartha Jain, final year CA student who scored 99.18 per cent in the CAT, did not receive interview call from IIM-A, IIM-B or IIM Calcutta (IIM-C), the most premier among IIMs. And they are not the only ones.Suspicion is now rife about transparency of the admission process at IIMs, with students who logged excellent scores in the CAT finding themselves sidelined.Prachi Jain, an engineer of IET with an excellent academic background, is in a state of shock after she failed to get a call from IIM-A or IIM-B, even after securing 99.68 percentile in the CAT.While many aspirants have been left cursing their luck, experts are at a loss to understand why these high-scoring candidates have not been called for interview by the top IIMs. Some say IIM-A has given a 70 per cent weightage to the CAT score and 30 per cent to work experience, academic background etc.\"Candidates who have performed exceedingly well in the CAT feel devastated. The IIMs should have called them for the interview and then seen whether they have the potential or not,\" said Akash Sethia, director, Cerebral Heights, a CAT coaching institute.Many who notched excellent scores at the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011 have not got the calls for group discussion and personal interview calls from the country's top B-schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518131", "title": "Cong sure of winning 22 seats at polls: GPCC chief", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar said that the Congress party is confident of wining over 22 seats at the March 3 assembly election.Speaking to mediapersons, Shirodkar said that the way the party and its cadre have been organized in the state, will only help cross the existing strength of the Congress MLAs in the assembly. \"As party president, I am confident of crossing 22 seats and of winning a majority of the seats that will be allotted to our coalition partner,\" Shirodkar said. The GPCC president said that out of the 20 constituencies in North Goa, the Congress would win at least 13 to 14 constituencies at the assembly election. Stating that the Congress party has been ruling the state since 1980, Shirodkar said, \"Despite the anti-incumbency factor, we are hopeful of retaining power.\"\"Even though the Congress party is capable of going it alone at the polls, we want strong alliance partners for the next five years. Talks with the Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) are in progress, and I am confident that the MGP will continue our alliance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519474", "title": "CM orders probe into hacking", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has asked Intelligence ADGP T P Sen Kumar to probe the allegations regarding hacking of e-mails of activists and journalists among Muslims in Kerala. The order was based on an expose by a vernacular weekly on Monday that the state intelligence has been monitoring the e-mails of 258 Muslims.According to the report, P V Abdul Wahab MP and more than 10 journalists are in the list prepared by the then Intelligence chief ADGP A Hemachandran.The letter of the ADGP addressed to the hi-tech crime inquiry cell demanded the login details of these mails in consultation with e-mail service providers. The mails were provided by 23 various service providers including Gmail , Yahoo , Rediffmail and Asianet India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518362", "title": "Government to submit reply in Porbandar encounter cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government had once tried to grill IPS officer Satish Verma in connection with the infamous Gossabara RDX landing case. At the time, the senior cop was actively involved in the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter probe.This encounter probe shielded Verma from questioning until now, as Gujarat High Court justice Jayant Patel , who presided over the proceedings in the Ishrat encounter case, warned the state government that the court would not tolerate any disturbance to the investigator. A PIL filed by senior counsel, Yatin Oza, was otherwise providing a platform for the government to seek Verma's prosecution. While this is not over, Verma is in fresh trouble now.All eyes are now on the state government's stand before the high court on Tuesday in three cases of alleged custodial death that had taken place under Verma's stewardship as superintendent of police of Porbandar district.Though the special investigation team (SIT) has declared that the Ishrat encounter was stage-managed, HC granted liberty to the new probe agency - CBI - to take assistance from Verma who was always keen on taking the investigation by SIT further. The peril for the cops accused of stage-managing the encounter is not over yet because HC has asked the state government to spare Verma, if CBI wants him to be part of the probe.The petition on the Porbandar encounters that is scheduled for hearing on Tuesday has been filed by one Hiralal Shial. He sought an independent probe into two police encounters in which his brother Jashu Gagan and one Ranmal Aher were killed in 1996. Another person, Premji Kharva too lost his life after he allegedly fled police custody and hanged himself from a tree near the police station he escaped from.The petition claimed that in response to a PIL filed by an NGO, HC had in 1998 directed CID to take up the probe in these cases, where there were damning revelations in post-mortem and forensic reports. Beside seeking an independent probe, the petitioner also wants action against the cops responsible for inaction in this case.Last week, when the petition came up for hearing, Justice Anant Dave asked the government and concerned police authority to explain the issue by Tuesday. When contacted, government pleader Prakash Jani said that his office would place an appropriate reply before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11519014", "title": "Cops don't rule out rape, await medical report", "text": "MOHALI: Almost five days after a mother-daughter duo were murdered in Baltana village of Zirakpur, police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the gruesome crime. They also haven't ruled out the possibility of rape. Shikha, 45, and her teenaged daughter Priyanka were found murdered last Thursday on the second floor of their house.\"We are trying to ascertain the motive behind the crime, but have all the leads have got us nowhere,\" said Derabassi DSP Anil Kumar .Sources said after submitting a complaint against her father and friend Vineet, Anchal, the older daughter of the victim, backtracked on her statement.\"Earlier, she had hinted at the hand of father or Vineet in the murders, but later she said her father had nothing to do with the murders. Avoided queries about Vineet, she claimed she was in a state of shock and she could not recall his cellphone number. ''We would question her again as and when the need arises,\" said a police officer.Anchal was part of a group of four girls who allegedly stripped and filmed their friend with a cellphone camera in September last year in Panchkula and later circulated the MMS amongst their friends. \"While we suspect a link between the double murder and the MMS, we are also probing other angles too,'' said DSP Kumar.Police are also scrutinizing the call details of the victims' phone numbers and have questioned a few of their contacts.\"We recovered two used condoms at the room where the two women were murdered. We are waiting for the medical report which will establish that whether the two were raped before being murdered.There was no forced entry into the house and no weapon was recovered from the spot,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11523031", "title": "Salman Rushdie's India visit gives pains to govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Author Salman Rushdie's visit to India to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival is clouded in uncertainty even as Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot said his trip might lead to security problems.While the organisers say they stand by their invitation to the 'Midnight's Children' author, Gehlot has made it plain to home minister P Chidambaram that his visit is being resented by the local people.Gehlot met Chidambaram here today and discussed this issue, among other things, telling the home minister that the people of Rajasthan \"do not want\" Rushdie to come and had made representations to the state government about their feelings.\"I don't have any official information about whether Rushdie is coming or not. There is no official communication to us... There is a reaction among the locals, they don't want Salman to come,\" Gehlot told reporters after the meeting.Gehlot said his chief secretary was in touch with the organisers of the literature festival that is a five-day affair from January 20 to 25.\"No state government will want a law and order situation. I have informed the Centre about the prevailing sentiments,\" Gehlot said.The announcement of Rushdie's visit to the popular festival had invited the wrath of India's top Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deoband, which appealed to the government to decline the author a visa as he had hurt sentiments of Muslims in the past.Following this, Rushdie had taken to micro-blogging site Twitter to say that he did not require a visa to visit India.Responding to questions here, Gehlot also added that Rushdie was a Person of Indian Origin (PIO) and the government cannot prevent him from coming to India. Nor can it offer any advice to the organisers.But, the sentiments of the people have to be kept in mind, Gehlot said in no uncertain terms.\"At the same time the festival is a very popular one and known across the world. The organisers too wouldn't want law and order situation which will spoil the festival,\" he said.The festival organisers were ambigious in a statement issued today.\"Salman Rushdie will not be in India on 20th Jan due to a change in his schedule. The festival stands by its invitation to Mr Rushdie,\" festival producer Sanjoy K Roy said.While the schedule at the JLF website has been altered with no references to Rushdie's sessions, the author is still listed among the list of speakers.Rushdie was earlier scheduled to speak on January 20, 21, and 22 in different sessions.The author had earned the wrath of Muslims worldwide due to the alleged blasphemous content in his novel \"The Satanic Verses\" which was published in 1988.The novel, which was banned by India, had sparked outrage in the Muslim world, including a fatwa against him by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the Supreme Leader of Iran, on February 14, 1989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518420", "title": "Angry autodriver bites off ex-wife's lips", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Amdavadis were busy flying kites and waging kite wars during Uttarayan and vaasi-Uttarayan on Sunday, an angry autodriver chomped off his ex-wife's lips and beat her black and blue when she refused to compromise and return to him.Pushpa Dhantayan, 27, is admitted to VS Hospital for plastic surgery after her ex-husband bit off a significant part of her lips and spat the flesh out on the road. \"Pushpa has lost one-third of her right upper and lower lip as well the corner of the mouth. We will have to reconstruct the lips so that she can eat and hold her saliva, which are the primary functions of the lips besides adding to the aesthetics of the face\", said Dr Vijay Bhatia, head of the plastic surgery department at VS.The surgery will be performed in the next two days. \"Since Pushpa has been bitten by a human, there are chances of bacterial infection. We have put her on antibiotics before the surgery\", Dr Bhatia added.Pushpa has been unlucky with her marriages so far. She told TOI that her first marriage eight years ago broke after the birth of a son. She worked as a domestic help to fend for herself and her son. Five months ago she met auto-rickshaw driver Jeetu Rajput and decided to marry him.Barely a month into the marriage, Pushpa realized that this time around, she was saddled with a man who was given to drinking and domestic violence. She divorced him in ten days' time and returned to her parents' home in Vasna. On Uttarayan, Jeetu came along to meet her and asked her to come back with him. Pushpa refused, reminding him that they were already divorced and that there was no point in the discussion.\"Jeetu returned drunk on Sunday. He clamped his hand over my mouth and shoved me into his rickshaw. He then hit me and bit me on the back as well as the mouth. He has chewed off the right side of my lips. The doctors here say I will have to remain in hospital for a major surgery\", said Pushpa, who is still able to speak. She was accompanied by her son Hritik and her father Ashok , who supported her throughout the ordeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519404", "title": "Kerala Travel Mart on Sept 27-30", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Travel Mart (KTM), a biennial expo to promote Brand Kerala, will be held at Le Meridien Convention Centre, Ernakulam from September 27 to 30. In its seventh year, KTM expects to host close to 900 delegates from 50 countries free of cost, said AP Anil Kumar, the state tourism minister.\"KTM expects participation by around 400 international buyers and sellers, and 1,000 domestic travel agents this year. Everything will be complimentary. We want to give them a fabulous experience. It will cost us anywhere between Rs 7-10 crore. Participants will be asked to choose from an array of products and hotels in Kumarakom, and north and central Kerala. The most number of picks will figure in their sightseeing and product sampling itinerary,\" said E M Najeeb, vice chairman, KTM.With the European Union, from where most of foreign tourists arrive in Kerala, in the grip of recession, the Tourism Department has shifted its focus closer home to Saudi Arabia. Only a dismal number of six delegates from Saudi Arabia participated in the 2010 KTM. The Tourism Department hopes to change this. It will be holding road shows in Saudi Arabia in April to try and boost the number of participants at the Kerala Travel Mart, said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11521824", "title": "CID to probe 3 Hyderabad-based software cos", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh government asked the Crime Investigation Department (CID) to investigate the activities of three Hyderabad-based software companies accused of duping gullible youths by promising them jobs.\"The government has decided to entrust the cases to CID to conduct a thorough inquiry and take appropriate steps,\" IT Secretary Sanjay Jaju said.The three companies allegedly collected money amounting to crores of rupees from unemployed youths by promising them jobs, but eventually cheated them, government sources said.The firms are also accused of not paying salaries to the employees and closing the operations without following due procedures, they added.Information Technology and Communications Department had sought Chief Minister's approval for launching a probe following several complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522099", "title": "Mahesh wins the clash of the Titans", "text": "It was billed as super Sankranti in Tollywood, as Mahesh Babu was pitted against Venkatesh at the BO as their respective action flicks \"Businessman\" and \" Bodyguard\" released as festive offerings amid much fanfare.The trade figures of indicate that Mahesh Babu's \"Businessman\" has emerged as the clear winner. Businessman went on to gross a whopping Rs 18,73,54,00 in collections worldwide on day one. It is new industry record as far as opening day collections go in Tollywood. In comparison Venky's \"Bodyguard\" only managed to collect a gross of Rs 6.5 crore worldwide on first day of its release. Clearly Mahesh Babu seems to have hit a purple patch in his career and is unquestionably the biggest superstar in Tollywood at the moment.Mahesh Babu is understandably pretty excited and has been tweeting non stop since the movie hit the screens. \"Thankyou 4 making businessman another sensational hit of my career:) the whole experience has been overwhelming.. my eyes turn moist with every compliment received .. never felt this way b4:),\"(sic) tweeted Mahesh.The actor singled out director Puri Jagannath for special praise. \"jagan garu gave me super stardom with pokiri.... with businessman, he's taken me to a the next level as an actor..cudnt have asked 4 more:) thank you sir.. will always b indebted 2 u:),\"(sic) he posted. Coming together five years after the record breaking success of \"Pokiri\", the actor-director duo has set a new benchmark for successful combinations in Tollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518713", "title": "Park plan for waterbodies", "text": "KOLKATA: Waterbodies and ponds in Duttabad, the area stretching from Ultadanga to Salt Lake stadium off EM Bypass, are set to don a new look will soon get a makeover. The water bodies and ponds in Duttabad, stretching from Ultadanga to Salt Lake stadium off EM Bypass, are in for a complete makeover.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim recently visited the area and said the waterbodies will be beautified and developed into nature parks.Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) is set to come up with a blueprint to turn these waterbodies, spanning over 40 acres, of the 85 acre wide Duttabad area into nature parks for recreational activities. where people can spend quality recreational time.Besides a complete makeover of the waterbodies, there are plans to beautify the entire area and develop parks and gardens adjacent to waterbodies. A survey will be conducted to see the present status of the area. KMDA is already working on a beautification programme below the EM Bypass-VIP Road flyover.Duttabad residents had earlier demanded rehabilitation of those who were displaced by the East-West Metro project. But their demands were not looked into. With the state government deciding to build flats for them under the Rajiv Awas Yojana, a new central government scheme, the residents may now heave a sigh of relief.There is good news for Duttabad residents as well. The state government will also build flats for residents of Duttabad under the Rajiv Awas Yojona, a new central government scheme. Duttabad residents have a long-pending demand to rehabilitate those of them who will be displaced by the east west metro project. Some pillars for the metro tunnel will be erected in Duttabad. It has now been decided to rehabilitate those families that face displacement in the flats that will be built.For years, ponds and waterbodies in Duttabad have been in a pathetic state. since the entire area has remained a slum for years.Though the area falls under the high profile Bidhannagar Municipality, yet it has seen no sign of development. remained underdeveloped. Local residents often have long complained that quite a few number of ponds in the area had been filled up in the area and that neither the local civic body nor the government had taken any initiative to develop this area.The Left Front government had planned to rehabilitate the displaced 10,000-odd families living in Duttabad by setting up housing complexes, but nothing was done.The main problem plaguing the residents was that most of them did not have land deeds. The main problem for most Duttabad residents, most of whom are refugees, is that they lack land deeds.On assuming office in June 2010, the Trinamool Congress-run Bidhannagar Municipality initiated a process of mutation in Salt Lake's added areas like Duttabad.Civic officials conceded that before the formation of the municipality in 1995, these added areas were under the panchayat andjurisdiction of local block land revenue officer (BLRO). But despite formation of the municipality, the land was not mutated. had jurisdiction over land in themtill the municipality was formed back in 1995, the added areas were under panchayats and the local block land revenue officer (BLRO) had jurisdiction over land in them. Even after the municipality was formed, the land was not mutated and remained under the BLRO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518174", "title": "Media asked to refuse pre-poll 'paid news'", "text": "PANAJI: Noting that politicians were increasingly resorting to paid news, the chief election officer, Goa, S Kumaraswamy urged the media to help the commission eradicate the scourge.\"Politicians were circumventing election expenditure laws through paid news,\" Kumaraswamy said.He said identifying paid news content was a challenge but added that the commission was monitoring the print and electronic media. Kumaraswamy said that presently there was no punitive action that could be taken on paid news violations and felt the media should be self regulatory on the issue.Joint CEO N Navti said that media content, particularly sample surveys should not be inclined towards any party.Navti said that a model code of conduct on paid news could be expected in the next 15 days. He told mediapersons that the Election Commission (EC) had proposed including paid news under corrupt practices, as part of electoral reforms.Explaining the new focus on the issue, Kumaraswamy highlighted that \"ethical voting had paid dividends in the recent Tamil Nadu elections,\" and hence the EC was taking the program forward. tnnHe also reiterated the EC's stance banning pre-election exit polls.The CEO said the state EC was seized of the paid news complaint made by Goan journalist M Nagvekar and was looking into the matter. tnnThe CEO said that presently there were no clear guidelines on this subject. Political advertisement costs would be added to candidates' poll expenditure, he said.currently in force was a broad framework covering different aspects and guidelines on paid news can be expected within the next 15 days, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517427", "title": "Cops brace for Kaanum Pongal crowds", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai police, expecting a large crowd at the city's beaches on Kaanum Pongal on Tuesday, are taking measures to prevent deaths due to drowning.The police have over the past few days set up temporary bamboo barricades a few metres from the waves along the 4.5km stretch between Anna Square and Srinivasapuram. Mounted police personnel will patrol the sands to prevent people from entering the water.\"We will warn people and send them back,\" said a police officer. \"There were no incidents of drowning last year and we have to make sure there none this year as well.\" He said similar security measures will also be taken up at Elliot's, Thiruvanmiyur and Neelankarai Beaches.Over 1,500 policemen will be posted at the beaches on Tuesday. Apart from patrolling, the police have also set temporary control rooms for lost children. \"There will be a public address system every 500 metres. We will make announcements to help locate children lost in the crowds. There will also be control rooms from where patrol police can communicate in case of any emergency,\" said the police officer.The corporation has also set up dust bins at an interval of every 200 metres as also temporary bathrooms. \"Several staff will be in charge of disposing garbage,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar. \"I checked for myself in several places and found that waste clearance has been good.\"He said a lot of civic body personnel will be deployed on the beach with specific functions. \"Some will handle the cleaning, others set up and maintain mobile toilets,\" Davidar said.The police are also expected to change traffic flow. No vehicles will be allowed to Marina. \"We will make temporary parking arrangements and members of the public will be provided the information they need as they approach the beach,\" said a police officer, adding that the largest crowd was expected at Kamrajar Salai. \"We will work in coordination with Metropolitan Transport Corporation officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517530", "title": "After tiff in Kerala, man dies in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A team of police personnel led by a T P Chatram inspector A J Ravikumaran on Monday rushed to Pamba in Kerala to probe the suspicious death of a 39-year-old plumber from Tiruverkadu in Tiruvallur district.D Shanthavel's brother Ponvel on Monday submitted a complaint at the Kilpauk police station claiming that his brother died of burn injuries after a tea shop owner in Pamba poured boiling water on him.Shanthavel went missing from a group of devotees headed to Sabarimala in Pamba on January 7 and was later found admitted in a government hospital in Kottayam.\"Shanthavel's wife Chitra received a call from the Kottayam police on January 9. They informed her that Shanthavel was admitted at the Kottayam Government General Hospital,\" said a lawyer representing the family, K Gokulram. \"Chitra and her relatives went to Kottayam and brought her husband back to the city. They admitted him to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital on January 11 but he died four days later.\"The victim's brother-in-law Ravi Kumar told TOI that Shanthavel was unconscious for two days but briefly regained consciousness. Shanthavel told his wife that he had been attacked by a tea shop owner at Pamba.The police said Shanthavel, a resident of Thiruvengadapuram in Tiruverkadu, and Chitra have two daughters, Darshana (12) and Sanjana (9). On January 6, Shanthavel along with a group led by Gurusamy Chandrasamy, left for Kerela on pilgrimage to Ayyappan Temple in Sabarimala and got separated from his companions a day later in Pamba. The group continued on its journey.\"We are shocked at the callousness of Gurusamy Chandran. He did not even bother to inform us when Shantavel went missing from the group,\" said Ponvel. When Shanthavel did not respond to treatment and died in hospital on Sunday, his family claimed in a complaint to the Kilpauk police that the death occurred in suspicious circumstances.The Kilpauk police registered a case under Section 174 of the CrPC. The city police are also questioning Chandrasamy and other devotees who went on the pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "devanagere", "code": "11519859", "title": "120 farmers to go on Israel tour", "text": "DEVANAGERE: As many as 120 farmers from the state will be sent to Israel to study and understand the techniques of water management, according to district minister S.A. Ravindranath.He told the reporters here on Monday that four farmers from 30 districts had been selected and they would be sent for agriculture system being practiced in Israel using less water, but getting high yield. Each farmer will get Rs 1 lakh for their one-week long study tour and eight agriculture officers will accompany them. Besides, the government has also selected 20 farmers exclusively for palm cultivation being practiced at Malaysia , he said.The government is planning to take up palm cultivation on more than thousand acres in the state as it is also highly a commercial one. The minister said that he had appealed to the chief minister to earmark at least Rs 2000 cr as grants for horticulture department in the coming budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11519250", "title": "Assembly elections: UP strategy has BJP brass divided", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's poll strategy for UP may or may not work for the party, but it has divided the top leadership on at least two important issues.First, if the induction of the tainted Babu Ram Kushwaha was a good idea and second, whether it's wise to contest for third position in the state to beat Congress.On the Kushwaha episode, party chief Nitin Gadkari had to give in to pressure from party MPs and disallow him from contesting. The RSS too is learnt to be upset with the former BSP minister's induction.A hard-hitting editorial in Sangh mouthpiece Panchajanya last week was an indicator of the RSS disapproval, after Kushwaha's ouster from the BSP government on corruption charges. Senior leaders like L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley voiced concern at a meeting that decided to field Kushwaha to woo OBC votes. Though BJP tried to control the damage, its credibility has taken a beating. Some like Yashwant Sinha still speak in favour of the decision. Meanwhile, UP MPs Maneka Gandhi and Yogi Adityanath have been scathing on the matter. The other issue that divided top BJP leaders is whether to allow Uma Bharati to contest from UP. So far, she will only campaign across the state.Many dislike the fact that BJP is going into the UP elections more to limit Congress to fourth position than emerge as an alternative to Mayawati. They feel BJP should have gone into UP with a chief ministerial candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11518758", "title": "Hi-tech centre for blind at DAVV soon", "text": "INDORE: To facilitate differently-abled students and provide them with a parallel educational platform, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) has signed a MoU with National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) to set up an information and technology center at the university campus.With an aim to make such students find employment, the varsity is also planning to start various diploma and certificate courses.The social initiative by NTPC and DAVV will introduce special software and hardware that will enable the blind and differently-abled students to study the subjects at par with others. NTPC, which has been working on various infrastructural projects in different cities across the country, has decided to set up the centre after its success in Delhi University. Appreciating the initiative, officiating vice-chancellor Rajkamal said, \"The unique step taken by NTPC will help number of students at DAVV and its affiliated colleges in the near future.\"The MoU was signed by S K Jain, general manager, NTPC and DAVV registrar R D Musalgaonkar.Briefing about the centre, Musalgaonkar said that centre will have computer-based braille and auditory equipment that will help students study their subjects. The project will cost varsity nearly Rs 7 lakh. \"The services of centre will be extended so that maximum numbers of students are benefited. The university is also planning to start certificate and diploma courses for the students to make them employable,\" said Musalgaonkar.It is to be noted that a similar centre was started at the University of Delhi in 2008 and such centres have been successfully running in universities of Mysore, Lucknow, Ajmer and Thiruvananthapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521924", "title": "Sam gets her Jolie on!", "text": "Sameera Reddy turns biker babe for her next release.Her role is a take-off on Angelina Jolie in Salt. While performing one of the stunts, Sameera met with an accident and hurt herself. Says the actress, \"The thrills of riding a bike and having to do speedy stunts are something I've discovered I love like crazy. I want to be the queen of action movies, just like Angelina.\" Oh Sam, wish you'd stop looking to Hollywood for inspiration!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517975", "title": "Financial boost for fight against NCDs", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's fight against non-communicable diseases (NCDs) - cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and chronic lung diseases - could receive a big financial boost.The Union health ministry has prepared a Rs 5,8072-crore plan against NCDs for the 12th five year Plan - a nearly 600% increase from the previous outlay. Around Rs 10,000 crore was allocated for NCDs in the 11th five year Plan.The programme to control cancer will see the highest allocation among all NCDs at Rs 15,885 crore, followed by diabetes and stroke (Rs 8, 480 crore), trauma and burn injuries (Rs 8,447 crore) and mental health (Rs 5,392 crore).The health ministry document, prepared under the chairmanship of director general of health services Dr R K Srivastava, says more than 20% of the population has at least one chronic disease and more than 10% have more than one.The major NCDs that will be covered under the 12th Plan include cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases, chronic kidney diseases, mental disorders, Iodine Deficiency Disorders, fluorosis and ortho-dental disorders.India will also push programmes to control road traffic accidents, burn injuries, musculo-skeletal disorders, blindness, deafness, geriatric and neurological disorders and tobacco control.\"Cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, chronic lung diseases and chronic kidney disease account for most of the mortality due to NCDs and would require substantial budget. Trauma, disasters, emergency medical services, diseases of bones and joints, mental health and healthcare of the elderly are disabling diseases and requires investment for not only treatment but also rehabilitation,\" the document said.In 2008, over 52 lakh people died of NCDs in India, accounting for 53% of all fatalities.Among men, 38% of the deaths were below 60 years, while among women the corresponding figure was 32%. Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) accounted for 24% of all deaths, cancers (6%), respiratory disease (11%), diabetes (2%) and other NCDs (10%), according to the WHO.The ministry says, the potentially productive years of life lost (PPYLL) due to CVDs in the 35-64 age bracket was 9.2 million in 2000, and is expected to rise to 17.9 million in 2030.\"Since the majority of deaths are premature there is a substantial loss of lives during the productive years. Considering the high cost of medicines and longer duration of treatment NCDs constitute a greater financial burden to low income groups,\" the health ministry 12th Plan document says.WHO says, heart diseases, stroke and diabetes are projected to increase cumulatively and India stands to lose $237 billion between 2005 and 2015. Risk factor for NCDs is also high among Indians. Around 33% people have raised blood pressure, high blood glucose (10%), overweight (11%) and high cholesterol (27%). While, 14% smoke tobacco daily, and another14% don't exercise at all.Chronic NCDs have replaced communicable diseases as the most common causes of morbidity and premature mortality worldwide. About 80% of the burden occurs in low/ middle-income countries, and 25% is in individuals younger than 60 years. The global economic impact of NCDs is enormous: by 2015, just two diseases (cardiovascular diseases and diabetes) are expected to reduce global GDP by 5%.NCDs are the top cause of death worldwide, killing more than 36 million people in 2008. CVDs were responsible for 48% of these deaths, cancers (21%), chronic respiratory diseases (12%) and diabetes 3%.The report says, in 2008, more than nine million of all deaths attributed to NCDs occurred before the age of 60. Around 90% of these \"premature\" deaths occurred in low- and middle-income countries.NCD prevalence in IndiaDiabetes: 5%-15% among urban population, 2%-5% (rural)Hypertension: urban (25%) and rural (10%) The no of people with hypertension will rise from 118.2 million in 2000 to 213.5 million by 2025COPD: Prevalence among men is in a range of 2%-9% in n India and 1%-4% in s IndiaCancer: Over 70% of cases are diagnosed during the advanced stages of the disease, resulting in poor survival and high mortality ratesSmoking: Men (33%) and women (4%) Smoking accounts for one in five deaths among men and one in 20 deaths among women, accounting for an estimated 930,000 deaths in 2010Injuries: Road traffic injuries and deaths are on the rise and results in more than 100,000 deaths, 2 million hospitalizations and 7.7 million minor injuries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518081", "title": "Cong, BJP candidates in Porvorim still a mystery", "text": "PANAJI: Even though the names of Congress and BJP candidates in most constituencies for the March assembly election are known, the candidate from Porvorim continues to be elusive.The BJP is divided over its candidate in Porvorim as many of its workers want North Goa MP Shripad Naik to be the candidate. On the other hand, the Congress has hardly any formidable candidate who can win the win the seat for them.While all through, Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar kept on saying he would \"prefer to contest from Porvorim\", he is now contesting from the redrawn Aldona constituency. Narvekar's supporters, too, have warned the party against \"imposing a candidate from outside the constituency on them\".The block committee members met Monday evening expressing their opposition to the nomination of any Congress candidate from outside the constituency. This came hours after ex-Pernem MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu made his intentions clear about contesting from Porvorim.As reported by TOI earlier, the block Congress committee-which has an allegiance to Narvekar-had threatened to resign en masse if the Porvorim seat is given to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). The fact remains that over the last two years, no one from the Congress was groomed to fight the BJP, given that the BJP has always maintained that Porvorim is their stronghold.\"The Congress has thousands of voters in Porvorim, but party leaders have failed to create second rung leadership (to take Narvekar's place) there. With Navekar contesting from Aldona, supporters and workers feel that the Congress needs them only at election time,\" said a worker from the constituency.Not surprisingly, when members from other parties were active in the constituency, the presence of Congress leaders has been minimal in Porvorim.This would probably mean that the Congress has a better shot at winning if the seat is given to the NCP. But like the Congress is in other constituencies, the NCP is a divided house in Porvorim.Those seeking an NCP ticket include Mahila president Fermeena Khaunte and party leader Venkatesh Prabhu Moni.Contesting as an independent in 2007, Khaunte had polled around 5,500 votes from Aldona constituency, compelling Narvekar to work hard for his victory. Khaunte said she would be in the fray and expressed confidence of getting the NCP ticket for Porvorim. \"My work is my ticket,\" she said, claiming that she has decades of experience in social work. \"I live in Porvorim and my people identify me with the work I have done in the constituency,\" she added.Another Khaunte, Rohan, a young businessman who started early, made inroads across the constituency nearly two years ago and has won over the sarpanchas and panchas of some of the civic bodies. Through various activities like eye camps, farmers' camps, etc, Rohan has popularized himself and is the hot favourite among political parties.The MGP recently said they would field Rohan as their candidate, while the BJP also has its eye on him. But Rohan made it clear saying, \"As of now I am an independent.\" At a meeting on Saturday, workers of various parties, including the BJP, extended support to him.Both the Khauntes have formed self-help groups and started training programmes for women like sewing, embroidery, craft work and cookery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518440", "title": "Boardroom to Bollywood: IIM-A grad turns screenplay writer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Most youngsters join IIMs to script a perfect career. But, this IIM-ite has quit boardrooms for Bollywood. Few know that the screenplay of the recently-released Abhishek Bachchan-starrer 'Players' has been written by an IIM-A grad.Sudip Sharma, a 2002 batch alumnus, quit his regular job to pursue screenwriting for films in 2006 - perhaps the first IIM-ite to have turned a screenwriter.\"It has been taxing so far but just as much fun. After graduation, I sold colas and paints for a few years before realizing that is not my true calling. When monotony hit, I took refuge in my greatest passion -movies,\" said Sharma, who has co-written the screenplay with Rohit Jugraj.While being an MBA from IIM-A did not open doors for him in the film industry, the learning prepared him for the struggle. \"The IIM-A process makes you tough and diligent and gets you used to the grind. The degree is not of much help in films as they are two different fields. In fact, I have not tried to use it either,\" Sharma said.Growing up in a conventional middle class family in the 90s, Sharma's career options were limited to chartered accountancy and MBA. \"I tried CA but got bored quickly so MBA was the default choice. Plus, you do your MBA when you are 21-22 years-old. As you see and experience life, you tend to discover your true calling.\"Sharma's last film before 'Players' was 'Semshook' - the story of a Tibetan boy born in exile in India. It travelled to international film festivals and got him nominated for the best screenplay at the New York Indian Film Festival. Later, the opportunity to write for 'Players' was offered by filmmakers Abbas-Mustan. The film, however received a lot of flak from critics for its screenplay.\"I should have at least one solid reason to do a particular film and in the case of 'Players', it was the opportunity to do a remake of a film that I enjoyed watching - 'The Italian Job'. Criticism or praise does not matter as long as one can look at one's work objectively,\" said Sharma.For someone whose highly paid batchmates would love to swap careers with, Sharma does not see his career choice as unconventional. \"I tell my batchmates that I would love to swap bank accounts with them. Good or bad, I am a screenwriter for life now,\" said Sharma who has also co-written director Navdeep Singh's comedy 'Rock the Shaadi' with Abhay Deol and Genelia D'Souza to be released later this year. And then there is a James Hadley Chase style thriller set in the badlands of UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11519599", "title": "Hawk-eye on choppers in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The civil aviation ministry has been keeping a close watch on aircraft/choppers at the airports/air strips across Uttar Pradesh. Airport Authority of India and Directorate General of Civil Aviation are checking if pilots are compromising flying safety norms under pressure from political leaders.AAI is in touch with the EC, informing it about movement of unscheduled aircraft/choppers. \"We're sending reports on a daily basis to EC,\" an AAI official said. Sources said about 16 choppers and aircraft carrying political leaders have arrived at Amausi airport in Lucknow in the last 10 days.BJP is believed to have hired at least a dozen choppers, while Congress and SP have hired at least half a dozen choppers to ferry their leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518152", "title": "Goa BJP flag-off Jan Sampark Abhiyan", "text": "PANAJI: BJP Rajya Sabha opposition leader Arun Jaitley on Monday flagged off the state BJP's 'Jan Sampark Abhiyan' that will take Goa opposition leader Manohar Parrikar on a 15-day mass contact journey across Goa, ahead of the March assembly election.Jaitley flagged off the rally after a public meeting at Azad Maidan, Panaji, where he appealed to Goan voters to bring in a change by voting out \"the corrupt Congress government in the state\".Jaitley said Goa has huge potential for development in tourism, education, industry, etc, but is lagging because it has not got the government is deserves. \"We must bring about a change. Goa deserves better,\" Jaitley said.The importance the BJP attaches to the Abhiyan was highlighted by the BJP compere who said that Parrikar \"does not have five minutes for himself but will spend 15 days meeting people across Goa\". Parrikar is expected to cover between 70 to 100km daily and even spend nights at BJP workers' homes.Parrikar also said that people in Goa want a change. Referring to the new minority entrants into the BJP recently, Parrikar said people of all communities-Hindus, Christians, Muslims-have come together to make that change. He said though the Abhiyan officially closes on January 30, the movement for change will end with the counting of votes on March 6. \"I seek your blessings,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517705", "title": "Games fraud: Main accused records statement in UK", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major development in the first case related to Commonwealth Games scam, Queen's Batons Relay (QBR) case, the main accused - Ashish Patel, has recorded his statement with the London police, which will be given to CBI through formals channels within two to three days. The agency had been trying to get his statement for the past one year but he was not ready to comply.The agency has already finished its investigation in the case and is likely to file the chargesheet by end of this week. Interestingly, former Organising Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi is also likely to be named in this chargesheet as he had authorised the payments to Patel's companies. The chargesheet would name top officials of OC -- Sanjay Mohindroo, T S Darbari and M Jeychandran -- who were given bail last year as CBI had failed to file a chargesheet against them, apart from Patel and Kalmadi. Patel's two companies (London based AM Films and AM Vans Pvt Ltd) had bagged the QBR contract for CWG 2010 and there were major irregularities in these contracts. In 2011, a CBI team had gone to London and questioned Patel but he was uncooperative and refused to record a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518169", "title": "Prosecution opposes teacher's bail application", "text": "PANAJI: The children's court on Monday reserved its order on an anticipatory bail application filed by a teacher, Kannaiya Naik, apprehending arrest by the police in connection with the alleged rape and molestation of a minor girl.During the hearing of the case, public prosecutor Milena Pinto argued that the custodial interrogation of the applicant is required to recover the clothes, photographs and jewellery. She also pointed out that the applicant had taken the victim to his home when he was alone.While opposing the application, Pinto also stated that the medical evidence also establishes the involvement of the applicant in the case. There is medical evidence to show that there were bruises on the victim's body, Pinto stated. She alleged that the victim and her family has been influenced.On the other hand, Naik's lawyer argued that his client is innocent. The lawyer stated that applicant is willing to cooperate with the police during the investigation. He sought Naik's release on conditional bail.The applicant has filed the bail plea before the court after the police registered a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510801", "title": "Ram Charan in Zanjeer remake", "text": "Going by the trend looks like all the Amitabh Bachchan classics will be remade.After Don, Sholay and Agneepath, the audience will be treated to Zanjeer, the film that elevated Amitabh Bachchan's career in leaps and bound and launched him in the angry young man image.And it is South superstar Chiranjeevi's son Ram Charan who has finally bagged the lead role of the intense cop.Years ago, Ram Charan's father Chiranjeevi - the recipient of Padma Bhushan and nine Filmfare awards , burst upon the Hindi screen with his debut film Pratibandh. This was followed by another moderate success Aaj Ka Gundaraj. Now son Ram Charan is set to make a foray into the Hindi film industry.The film will be produced by late Prakash Mehra's sons and will be directed by Apoorva Lakhia. The film will also be made in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521979", "title": "Beyonce Knowles connected with baby", "text": "Beyonce Knowles had an \"instant connection\" with her daughter Blue Ivy.The 'Halo' hitmaker gave birth to her first child with husband Jay-Z earlier this month and the singer admitted the experience was overwhelming.She is quoted by the new issue of Britain's Star magazine as saying: \"Nothing can describe the feeling. You have the instant connection once you know your child is growing inside you, but when you hold it for the first time, the words can't be found. It's an old cliche that the thing expectant moms look forward to the most is holding their child in their arms for the first time, but it's one of those cliches that is a real truth.\"Beyonce revealed Jay-Z is equally excited about being a father and said they couldn't wait to bring their daughter home.She explained: \"I am so excited. From the time I knew I was pregnant we have been parents. A child is the greatest gift you can receive, and we are so excited and blessed to be in this situation.\"We are all great, we are just glad to be going home and starting this new stage of our life. The hospital staff have all been so great, but we were ready to go home and show our beautiful daughter where she will be living.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519182", "title": "Watch out, this time you will be fined for using plastic bags", "text": "KOCHI: Beware, if you still insist on a plastic carry bag from your grocer or fruit vendor. City corporation's ban on plastic carry bags below 40 microns is in effect starting this Monday and the corporation will impose fines if people do not support its plastic ban policy. The civic body has given a grace period of one week for traders and merchants to dispose their stock of plastic bags.The local body will have two squads monitoring the production and sale of plastic carry bags. \"During this week we will issue warning to people who still use such plastic bags while we create an awareness about why we went for a ban,\" said chairman of health standing committee T K Ashraf.Each squad will have six officials and the health officer will be in-charge. Though the corporation cannot initiate criminal procedures against violators, they can impose a fine of Rs 500 to Rs 5,000.On February 1, the civic body will launch campaigns and awareness programmes with the help of students. The ban was imposed after discussions were held with representatives of traders including the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry.Though plastic bags are banned, the corporation is also ensuring that people still have bags made of other materials to carry stuff. The support of Kudumbasree units will be sought for the production and marketing of carry bags made of alternative materials like cloth and paper. Residents' associations in the city have also been roped in for making the ban effective.The corporation feels that the plastic waste can be processed at plants and used for road repairs. This can be used along with bitumen while tarring city roads. The local body will consider using this technology while tarring five city roads. \"We have not taken a decision on these suggestions. We will have to consult the mayor and also get the approval of the corporation council,\" said Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518401", "title": "EC sends letter to Mishra", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a late Saturday night development, the Election Commission (EC) responded to the letter dispatched to it by Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) general secretary Satish Chandra Mishra . In the letter that was delivered at Mishra's home in the city, the commission, EC sources confirmed, has said it will \"consider\" revisiting its October 2011 decision to suspend or withdraw the recognition to a national party for its failure to observe the model code of conduct.On October 11 last, the Election Commission, in a detailed order, had responded to a plea to \"freeze'' BSP's election symbol and said it had the power to withdraw the party's recognition. Quoting paragraph 16 A of the Symbol's Order, the EC said, \"... if a party, whether ruling or in the opposition, by misusing public funds for its own partisan ends, erects or installs statues of its party symbol, even during non-election period, the party cannot absolve itself of the accusation that it has acted in breach of salutary principles underlying the objects of the Model Code of Conduct - maybe, not in letter but undoubtedly in spirit.'' P 3\"The EC decision is in response to Mishra's flip-flop on who built the statues. In 2010, he said the statues were built by the state government and had nothing to do with the party. Last week, speaking from the party platform, however, Mishra said the EC had ordered the covering of the party's election symbol without giving the party an opportunity to present its defence,\" an EC source said.In March 2010, Mishra had written to the EC stating that \"construction of statues is action taken by the state government for implementing the decision of the State Legislature. Political party cannot be penalised for actions of the government.'' Mishra had also said that earlier governments under the INC, and the coalition government of BJP and BSP, had also built statues of elephants in UP.Mishra, in his letter, had also said that the jurisdiction of the Commission to superintend, direct and control elections only becomes operative during the elections and as such, had nothing to do with the day-to-day functioning of the government in a state, during non-election period.In response to January 8 order of EC for covering the statues of Mayawati and elephants installed in dalit memorials, Mishra wrote to CEC S Y Quraishi questioning the Commission's intention to conduct free and fair elections in the state. In his letter Mishra claimed that the statutes of elephants installed in dalit memorials are not BSP's election symbol. Mishra added that the EC had taken notice of the complaints of the opposition parties and described statutes of elephants in memorials as election symbol of BSP. He said that the fact is that in BSP's symbol, the elephant has down trunk whereas in memorials the trunks were in welcome position with upside trunk. Mishra had added that the EC should have given a chance to BSP to present its case as per Article 14 of the Constitution.Quraishi had on January 8 defended the order to cover all statues of Mayawati and the BSP poll symbol at parks and memorials in Lucknow and Gautam Buddh Nagar (Noida) saying this was done in order to ensure a level-playing field to all those in the political fray. Fixing January 11 as the deadline, the EC had asked the District Electoral Officers-cum-district magistrates of the two places to send a compliance report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519453", "title": "City warms up a bit, min temperature rises to 8.2\u00b0C", "text": "PUNE: Maximum and minimum temperatures in the city have been steadily on the rise over the last three days. On Monday, the minimum temperature was 8.2 degree Celsius, 3 deg C below normal, but the maximum temperature rose to 31.1 deg C.On Sunday, the minimum and maximum temperatures were 7.4 deg C and 30 deg C respectively.Officials at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) had forecast a rise in the temperature owing to the western disturbance as an upper cyclonic storm that prevailed over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir (J&K;). This had reduced the influence of the northerly waves, which bring cold winds to central and peninsular India.\"The system has since moved over J&K; and neighbouring areas,\" an IMD official said. \"An induced low pressure area lies over Punjab and adjoining Haryana and north Rajasthan,\" the official added. \"Maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to remain around 30 deg C and 8 deg C under the influence of these weather systems,\" the official said.Severe cold wave conditions prevailed at isolated parts in the Marathwada region, while cold wave conditions prevailed in Vidarbha and isolated parts of the central Maharashtra belt. Night temperatures remained appreciably below normal, i.e. a difference of 3 to 4 deg C from the normal mark, in some parts of Konkan and Goa.Ahmednagar had the state's lowest temperature at 5.8 deg C, which was 7 deg C below normal, while Nashik recorded 7.3 deg C, 3 deg C below normal. Jalgaon recorded 8.3 deg C (-5) while Malegaon recorded 9.6 deg C (-2).In coastal Konkan and Goa, the temperatures were: Ratnagiri, 14.6 deg C (-4); Alibag, 15.8 deg C (-2); Dahanu, 14.4 deg C (-3) and Prabhani 9.3 deg C.In Vidarbha, Nagpur recorded 8.1 deg C (-5) while Akola and Amravati recorded 9.4 deg C (-5) and 10.2 deg C (-6), respectively. Yavatmal recorded 9.8 deg C (-6), while Gondia recorded 9 deg C (-4) and Buldhana registered 12 deg C (-4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11516748", "title": "Fake CBSE page on Facebook gives genuine advice", "text": "NAGPUR: The 'CBSE' web page on a popular social networking site is attracting huge attention as people come seeking guidance on various issues related to the board. Over 3,500 people, majority of whom are school students, 'like' the page on Facebook (FB) and actively participate in the discussions. Though the advice given by the administrators of the page so far has been genuine, the web page itself is fake.CBSE spokesperson Rama Sharma told TOI over the phone from New Delhi that the central board does not have any presence online, except its web site (www.cbse.nic.in). \"We certainly have not created any page on FB and I am not aware of who these people are. I will take a look at the page and then take up the issue further with the board,\" said Sharma.There are no personal details available of the administrator and when TOI sought a clarification by posting a query online, there was no response.The web page uses the official CBSE logo and is giving the impression to thousands of students that it is indeed the real thing. Going by the activity on its FB wall it appears that the page was started in September 2011.It was a recent cartoon posted by the site administrators that triggered a doubt about their authenticity. The cartoon posted online showed Anna Hazare as a school master punishing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for indulging in 'corruption'. Many students shockingly reacted by asking how can a government organization post a cartoon which showed the country's PM in bad light. Some questioned the logic behind the political statements being made on the page. Within hours that cartoon and all posts related to it were deleted.However the photo still remains in the page's photo album section along with some of the comments that came in. Some other photos in the album are connected to Bollywood or general trivia, things which are not related at all to the CBSE.Regardless of these giveaway signs on the page's authenticity, students are flocking to the page with their queries. Questions range from exam schedule to intricacies of the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation scheme, and the 'CBSE' replies in detail. In the recent posts TOI did not find any misleading advice posted by the administrators which is probably one of the reasons that the page sees a lot of online activity. Just last week there was a Q&A; session was organized online and queries were answered accurately.But with no disclaimer on the page, the administrators are treading a dangerous path. Any wrong advice on the page may result in a catastrophe for the thousands of students who are mistaking it for an official word from the board.AIEEE online date booking to start on TuesdayFrom Tuesday onwards candidates of AIEEE 2012 can start choosing the exam dates for the online version by logging on to the official site (www.aieee.nic.in). The selection of date is on first come first serve basis.The online examination dates are May 7, 12, 19 and 26. Nagpur city will host only the online version of AIEEE, and the nearest offline centre is in Amravati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519620", "title": "Cops trace garage where scooter bomb was fitted", "text": "MUMBAI: The Zaveri Bazar bomb detonated in last year's 13/7 blasts was fitted into a stolen scooter in the compound of an oil mill just a stone's throw from the Byculla police station, according to police investigations . Three blasts were set off by terrorists on July 13, 2011, at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar, killing 27 people and injuring over 100. The oil mill is filled with garages and the Zaveri Bazar bomb went off in a scooter.The state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), whose investigations into the case were meandering , was taken by surprise when a Delhi police team arrived in the city in late December . The Delhi police gave details about three suspects who were in Mumbai. While two were identified as Pakistani nationals Waqqas and Tabrez, the third was believed to be a top commander of the Indian Mujahideen (IM), Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh alias Imran alias Immu.Instead of nabbing the suspects , the Delhi police and ATS preferred monitoring their movements. The three were reportedly staying on rent on the third floor of Habib Apartments , next to Palace Talkies in Byculla (East). The building is a couple of minutes from Byculla police station. Habib Apartments is at one end of the Byculla bridge while the police station is at the other.\"The three suspects landed in Mumbai early last year. They got in touch with a real estate broker, Sultan Khan, who also stays at Habib Apartments. Another tenant, Rubina Qureishi, had asked Khan to look for someone who could rent her apartment,\" said a source close to the investigation. Habib Apartments is an old groundplus-three structure next to Byculla railway station.\"The trio approached Khan and took the room on a rent of around Rs 8,000 per month,\" said the source. \"They posed as call centre employees.\" The ATS called Khan and Qureishi for interrogations.The Delhi police came to know of the IM module in Mumbai in end-November , when they were tracking a mobile number that belonged to a suspected IM member in Kolkata. The man, whose identity has not been disclosed, fled Kolkata in November. In end-November , the Delhi police also arrested six IM men from Bihar and Chennai who gave statements regarding the module in Mumbai. The Delhi cops then came to the city.All the three men staying at Habib Apartments in Mumbai remained clean shaven and spoke little to other residents in the building. The state ATS recently activated all its contacts in Mazgaon and Byculla to rent a room in Habib Apartments to monitor the suspects, but no room was available.One of the three is suspected to have gone to the Khetwadi area on July 11 or 12 and stolen an Activa scooter. The scooter was taken to the oil mill, which is filled with garages, near Byculla police station and given for repairs. \"This is where a bomb was fitted into it,\" the source added.A garage mechanic who spoke to the suspects about a defect in the scooter had been earlier summoned by the ATS and his statement recorded. He was cleared from suspicion then. When asked who fitted the bomb into the scooter, the police did not reply.The ATS had been tapping a mobile number being used in Mumbai, 9433524*** , which had been issued in Kolkata. This number, different from the one tracked by the Delhi police, is suspected to have been used by Imran alias Bhatkal. Surprisingly, the police were unsure if Imran was Bhatkal. The number, obtained on fake documents, is now switched off. \"ATS officials were in the process of verifying if Imran was Bhatkal, but by then he and his accomplices fled the city,\" said a source.On the day of the blasts, all three suspects are suspected to have carried one bomb each and headed to the different locations , said sources. They returned before the blasts.During their stay in Byculla , Imran left and returned to Mumbai several times, but was never tracked by the police. He allegedly engineered the Delhi high court blast, took part in the German Bakery blast, the Ahmedabad blasts and other attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519145", "title": "Now, zoo animals can keep themselves busy", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Kanpur Zoological Garden have undertaken the task of enclosure enrichment with a view to provide zoo inmates with a set of recreational tools that can help them pass their time and ensure that they do not develop stereotype behaviour.This novel idea would not only facilitate the wild animals to remain busy but also give a chance to the visitors to witness zoo inmates performing various acts. So far, the task of enriching the enclosure has been done for the Himalayan black bear and the chimpanzee.In case of the bear, the zoo administration has created a 'machan' and a foot overbridge. It was seen climbing up and down the same and balancing his movements on the swing on Monday.In the enclosure of the chimpanzee, two trees have been placed. The trees have been embedded in the ground and ropes have been tied to give it the shape of a bridge. The chimpanzee performs various acts on the newly erected recreational tools that in turn provide recreation to the visitors to the zoo.Talking to TOI, director, Kanpur Zoo, Praveen Rao said most of the wild animals spend time in collecting food and catching predators. The weaker ones try saving themselves from falling a prey to bigger animals. \"But, at the zoo, they get readymade food. Thus, they do not have to make efforts for food. Also, chances of predation are negligible. Sometimes they even have limited area to walk. Therefore, we decided to go for enclosure enrichment where animals would get a chance to play,\" he said.He said similar enclosure enrichment techniques had been planned for other zoo inmates such as sloth bear and leopards. In the next few days, the work would commence, he added.The zoo administration has used various used and recycled items to enrich the enclosures of the animals. Now, the Kanpur zoo management is planning to make more and more use of the recycled items for the purpose of enclosure enrichment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519340", "title": "Aspirants flout poll code", "text": "PUNE: Campaigning for the civic election is yet to pick up, but political aspirants have already begun flouting the election commission's guidelines. Three cases have been registered for alleged code of conduct violation in Swargate, Sahakarnagar and Koregaon Park.Two cases have been filed against unknown individuals where complainants claimed that they had damaged their properties. A third case has been filed against a local leader in Koregaon Park, for placing banners allegedly defaming an aspirant of the municipal elections.\"We referred these complaints to the police department where cases of criminal nature are being handled. Action in these cases as per the relevant sections of Indian Penal Code will be taken,\" K C Karkar, head of election cell in the PMC, told TOI.Karkar said his department had undertaken a drive to remove banners, posters and hoardings. Officials working in different part of the city have been assigned the task of keeping watch on these violations. As many as 14 returning officers have been contacted via e-mail to update any violation to the head office.A top police official told TOI that 40 cases of poll code violation have been registered in PCMC areas. \"Most of these 40 cases are related to banners and not adhering to the guidelines set by election commission on vehicle usage. Some political parties had organised interviews for the aspirants. Workers in an attempt to show their power, went to the interview with supporters in convoys. Cases against them have been filed for not obeying the orders of the election commission,\" the senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11517909", "title": "Scientist seeks help to save Jarawas from extinction", "text": "HYDERABAD: The exploitation of Jarawa tribal women in the Adamans to entertain tourists has upset eminent scientist and Benaras Hindu University, Varanasi vice-chancellor Dr Lalji Singh. For several years now, Lalji Singh, who was director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) in Hyderabad, had been trying to get permission from authorities for collecting blood samples of the Jarawas so that the tribe can be saved from extinction.\"We wanted to get access to the Jarawas so that we could do something to preserve the tribe, which now has a population of less than 200. Forget permission, we did not even get response to our letters to the Union ministry of science and technology,\" Lalji Singh said.The scientist is concerned about reports that the Jarawa tribal women are being exploited and used to woo tourists. \"Ideally we want to get blood samples. If not, we at least want to collect their buccal swabs,\" Lalji Singh said.What Lalji Singh wants to do is collect the DNA samples of the tribe from the Andamans and preserve them for posterity. However, the samples must be brought to the laboratory within 24 hours for the preservation process to begin. For this, Lalji Singh even made arrangements at the CCMB laboratory in Hyderabad. He even tried to set up a laboratory at the Andamans itself with the help of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) so that the risk of transporting their DNA samples all the way to Hyderabad can be avoided. However, the laboratory could not be set up due to infrastructure problems, particularly uninterrupted power supply.It may be mentioned here that Lalji Singh and his team, through their research, had found that the human population spread from Africa to other parts of the world. The tribes in the Andamans - the Sentinelese and Onges - are believed to have found their way to the Andamans from Africa ages ago. In recent days, the spotlight has been on the Jarawa tribes following revelations that the tribal women were being made to dance semi-naked for the pleasure of foreign tourists.Lalji Singh said permissions from various ministries including the environment ministry, ministry for tribal welfare and the administration of the Andaman and Nicobar islands is necessary to collect blood samples or buccal swabs from the Jarawas. Once the samples are taken, scientists will immortalize their cell lines, so that the tribe can be preserved as they face the risk of extinction. Lalji Singh said he would once again approach the authorities for the required permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519047", "title": "Promise Rs 125, pay Rs 30", "text": "BANGALORE: Differential payment of wages, a neglected North Karnataka, Rs 30 as against the fixed wage of Rs 125... Discrepancies are one too many in implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA). Besides, the money allocated has declined by 30% from 2009-10 to 2010-11. The survey report was released on Monday.As per data collated by India Govern Research Institute, an NGO, the constituencies represented by independent MLAs have performed better than that of Congress and BJP MLAs.\"Besides, as per data, underdeveloped districts like Gulbarga got a meagre Rs 0.89 crore, whereas Pavagada constituency Rs 37.85 crore. The report is based on the granular that we got from the gram panchayat level and reworked on it to assess how much each constituency has got under the project. The material cost is 42% of the total amount spent, whereas only 56% is used for wage payment. Constituencies represented by SC/ST reserved candidates have got lesser funds compared to the rest. MLAs can make use of this data to analyze the development required in their constituency,\" said Veena Rammanna, researcher with India Govers, who worked on the report.Discrepancies in allotment of funds to the tune of Rs 36 crore have raised eyebrows of economists and NGOs working in the public sector.Rs 30 for MNREGA\"There shouldn't be variations in wage payment under this project. This is not a contract where payment can be made in different installments. It is a livelihood scheme. I'm surprised how the pay has been as less as Rs 30 in some areas,\" said Byatarayanapura MLA Krishna Byregowda who took part in the release of the data. \"It is a grave error. There is either mistake in the data given to the NGO or the government has failed in its implementation. The decline in MNREGA funds reflect that either there is no demand for the project or poverty-ridden families in rural areas are empowered,\" he added.The minimum wages fixed by the labour department vary from Rs 125 to Rs 140, whereas MNERGA has paid Rs 30.\"The reason why constituencies represented by independents have got comparatively more funds is because they have to prove themselves ahead of the next elections and might have managed to get more,\" says Narayan Ramachadran, an economist who analysed the data.Highest expenditure on NREGA- Top 5 constituenciesConstituency-------------------------- Amount (Rs in crore)Pavagada, Tumkur (Independent) --37.85Kanakagiri, Koppal (Independent) -- 24.32Sira, Tumkur (Congress)------------24.15Bhalki, Bidar (Congress)----------21.01Soraba, Shimoga (BJP)-----------------19.57Lowest expenditure- Bottom 5 constituenciesConstituency------------------------------ Amount (Rs in crore)Kapu, Dakshina Kannada (BJP)---------------0.18Kundapur, Udupi (BJP)--------0.35Byndoor, Udupi (BJP) -----------0.75Gulbarga Rural (BJP)-----------------------0.89Karkal, Dakshina Kannada (BJP)-------------0.92", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517322", "title": "Woman's bail cancelled in dowry case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The interim bail of a 65-year-old woman, accused of harassing her daughter-in-law for dowry and causing her death in 2008, has been cancelled by a trial court which ordered that the senior citizen be sent to jail.Terming the allegations against her \"serious\", additional sessions judge Sanjeev Kumar sent the woman to jail. The court cancelled Delhi resident Barmho Devi's interim bail, while rejecting her regular bail plea, made on the ground of parity with two other male co-accused, including the victim's husband, who had been granted bail by Delhi high court in 2009 itself.\"As far as grant of bail to accused Barmho Devi on ground of parity is concerned, in my view the high court granted bail to them (other accused) on the ground that the entire evidence is yet to be recorded and which is likely to take some time.\"Whereas now the situation has changed as most witnesses have already been examined and the trial is likely to conclude shortly. Therefore, in such circumstances, I do not find any ground to grant bail at this stage and, hence, the same is hereby rejected,\" the judge said.Devi is facing trial in the case registered in 2008 for allegedly harassing her daughter-in-law and causing her death, the reason for which was found to be consumption of poison.Devi told the court she was arrested on November 12, 2008 and had been in judicial custody till she was granted bail by the sessions court in December last.Her advocate had argued that even in the complaint lodged by the victim's brother, there was no allegation of demand of dowry before the victim's death but later on \"improvements\" were made in the statements of witnesses.The judge, however, rejected her plea saying, \"I have perused the case file, severe allegations have been made by the witnesses against the applicant regarding demand of dowry, whether this is improvement or not cannot be assessed at this stage as it would amount to prejudging the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517341", "title": "Cops give clean chit to suspect in medical entrance fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A doctor from Indore who was a suspect in the all-India post-graduate entrance exams fraud which took place in the city earlier this month has been given a clean chit by the police. The crime branch confirmed that the doctor, who had introduced the two arrested city-based doctors to Mohit Chaudhry, the kingpin of the fraud, had no malafide intentions and was innocent.\"Our investigations have revealed that the doctor, who originally belongs to Ujjain, did not have any idea about the intentions of the three accused - the two doctors and Chaudhry. His actions were that of a friend who tried to offer help when contacted,'' claimed a senior police officer.Police sources said that upon investigating the bank accounts of main accused Chaudhry they found deposits of only Rs 2 lakh. \"We have found that the accused accepted only cash from the doctors who were candidates in the medical entrance exam. We are raiding a couple of places in Madhya Pradesh and in NCR to recover the money Chaudhry charged from the candidates.A senior investigator added that Chaudhry charged money from students by promising to get them \"pass marks\" in term exams of their colleges. \"He charged between Rs 2,000-Rs 10,000 from each student. Most of these students passed on their own merit though. Chaudhry would claim that they have passed because of him while he returned the money to those who had failed. This led to him earning a lot of goodwill in the student community,'' said the source.Meanwhile, raids are on to nab the other doctors who took Chaudhry's help in the January 8 entrance test. \"We have important leads on the whereabouts of these doctors and are working to nab them,'' said the senior officer.However, cops also fear that some crucial evidence might also be destroyed with both doctors claiming they have disposed of the special shirts that came fitted with the Bluetooth device, the earphones and the SIM card that was used by the doctors to stay in touch with the gang.\"We know that the accused duo had brought the mobile phones from a shop in Connaught Place. We are interrogating the duo and trying to find out in which area the accused had disposed of these items. Since only a couple of days have passed, we are hoping to recover the items.Authorities at AIIMS claim that the police had initially visited the Noida exam centre immediately after the arrests on exam day to verify whether the question papers recovered from the accused were genuine. \"We had visited AIIMS first and met with the examination controller's officials to check the authenticity of the question paper,'' said an officer.Ravi, a first year student of Rohtak's PGI Medical College, and a resident of Palwal,and an alleged kingpin in the gang along with Chaudhry, might have roped in his own set of doctors, said police sources. \"This revelation also means that the number of aspirants in touch with the gang automatically go up. We can get further inputs on this only after we arrest Ravi,'' said the source. Crime branch sources had earlier said that 11 doctors are under the scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519455", "title": "All hands on deck to avoid split in KC(B)", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Political parties in the state including the Congress has decided to intervene in the feud between Kerala Congress led by R Balakrishna Pillai and his minister-son K B Ganesh Kumar.This is being apparently done to avoid a split in KC(B) which has only one MLA.Pillai has already stripped his son from all the party positions a couple of days back. Sources said that there is immense pressure on Ganesh Kumar from his father to resign his post as minister. However, Ganesh has decided to take a decision after having a discussion with the Congress leaders.UDF convener P P Thankachan is likely to meet both the leaders before the UDF meeting on Wednesday.Kerala Congress (Jacob) leader Johnny Nelloore has already started discussions with both the leaders to avert a split.Muslim League leaders too are expected to meet both the leaders before the UDF meeting.The UDF leaders do not want a split especially in the face of Piravom bypoll that is likely soon. All the front leaders are of the opinion that any split in the party would seriously affect the prospects of the UDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517163", "title": "SC asks for a copy of CAG report on NTRO scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday asked for a copy of the Comptroller and Auditor General's report pointing out alleged irregularities in the purchase of intelligence equipment by National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), which was set up in 2004 to provide critical data relating to threats to the nation.Solicitor general R F Nariman assured a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad that the government had already initiated action against erring officials on the basis of the CAG report but petitioner V K Mittal's counsel Jayant Bhushan wondered why the Centre was shy of bringing the alleged irregularities into the open by placing the report in Parliament.The bench asked Nariman to produce the CAG report on NTRO scam in a sealed cover by March 19. This is the second time within a year that the apex court has asked for a CAG report, the first being on the irregularities in the allotment of 2G spectrum and licences during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister.Nariman was belligerent in trashing Mittal's PIL, not only accusing the latter of attempting to serve a personal interest but also alleging that his correspondence with the authorities revealing top secret projects with their location could help countries inimical to India.Bhushan countered Nariman by alleging that the government was deliberately keeping the matter under wraps in the name of security to shield the culprits. But the bench said, \"It is not a case where the government has put the issue in cold storage but promised that it was being looked into. We will not pass an order but request the SG to produce the CAG report in a sealed cover on March 19.\"Mittal had alleged that a major portion of the Rs 450 crore NTRO scam pertained to purchase of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from an Israeli firm allegedly at a very high price without the mandatory approval of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).NTRO, which functions under the Prime Minister's Office, has been entrusted with the task of missile monitoring, satellite and airborne imagery, cyber patrolling and security, cyber offensive operations and communication support systems including cryptology.It was on the complaint of Mittal, a former joint director in the government of India who had also served in NTRO, that the PMO had ordered a probe into the scam and later, CAG was asked to look into the organisation's accounts. Nariman alleged that Mittal wanted to head the NTRO and filed the PIL when he did not succeed.During the last hearing, Bhushan had alleged that Delhi High Court had dismissed Mittal's writ petition on April 6, 2011 after the Centre filed a probe status report in sealed cover assuring prompt action against the guilty officials. However, no action was taken till date, he claimed.Mittal's petition stated that the independent body answerable only to the national security adviser was allotted approximately Rs 8,000 crore since 2005, but there was no accounting of the spending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11523302", "title": "Priyanka Gandhi to play pro-active role in politics?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Priyanka Vadra Gandhi is open to the idea of stepping out of the family bastion and campaigning across Uttar Pradesh. Breaking her silence over the controversial issue which has kept the Congress party-men on tenterhooks Priyanka announced that though she had not made up her mind yet but finally, she would do whatever Rahul asked her to do.\"I have not decided yet. So far, I am here for a meeting in Raebareli and my brother and I will talk to each other and decide,\" Priyanka said to the media persons on second day of her election tour.However she tactfully evaded any query about her long term career plans in politics. Asked what if Rahul wanted her to enter active politics and contest, Priyanka shot back that her brother knew \"to what extent he can require me.\"The speculation that she could agree to play a pro-active role this time has enthused the Congress workers who have been demanding Priyanka's guest appearance in various constituencies since long. In fact, the exercise to enlist her help is almost a routine pre-poll affair the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee has leant to deal with.But with the mission 2012 elections, vital for Rahul's political graph, there were indications that Priyanka could finally be persuaded to step beyond the boundaries of twin constituencies of Raebareli and Amethi and campaign extensively.In Raebareli on Tuesday she will be meeting party workers and local MLAs to finalize the party candidates for the poll -2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11519703", "title": "TTD may bring an end to 'priority' darshans", "text": "GUNTUR: In a bid to steer clear of the controversies surrounding the issuance of thousands of VIP passes on Vaikuntha Ekadasi, TTD chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju said that they were trying to completely do away with the practice of providing additional facilities and special treatment to VVIPs during darshan of Lord Venkateswara.He said the temple administration was facing flak because of the existing 'discretionary' quotas and 'priority' darshans.He said they wanted to remove all the priority darshans for VIPs except for protocol VIPs. \"We need to follow the protocol book and provide facilities to those who occupy constitutional posts such as the Prime Minister, chief minister and high court judges. We can't ignore them,\" he said.Speaking to reporters at Govada in Guntur district on Monday, Bapiraju said trouble was arising only when others were given VIP treatment.\"We wanted to scrap such lists in future,\" said Bapiraju. He said the temple administration is appealing to VIP pilgrims not to visit the temple on auspicious days like New Year and Vaikuntha Ekadasi.Reaching out to the common pilgrims, he said pilgrims, who reach the hill-top temple by walking along the Alipiri footpath route, were the most important visitors to the temple.He did not elaborate much on the controversy over denying darshan for the pilgrims who came on foot during Ekadasi on January 5. The TTD boss denied that he had differences with executive officer L V Subramanyam.Referring to the comments of Chinna Jeeyar Swamy, Bapiraju said they were taking steps to renovate old temples across the state and allocate special fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511611", "title": "Forget cricket, betting is on reality shows now", "text": "With an array of reality shows being aired these days youngsters are trying to make a quick buck betting on their outcomeAbhishek Pratap Singh, a collegian, says he recently earned a cool `30,000 after winning the bet on the grand finale of Bigg Boss 5. And considering he placed a mere `2500 on stake, the gains are good. \"Reality shows are an easy source of making money and it's been a year now since my friends and I have been betting on various reality shows like Bigg Boss, Swayamwar, Khatron Ke Khiladi, etc. I got to know about this trend of betting on reality shows a year-and-half back from a friend who lives abroad. He told me how betting on reality shows was a common phenomenon there. Ever since then, I have been investing a major part of my pocket money on these show,\" he says.The trend of betting on reality shows is an easy way to pocket some extra cash, while you get entertained. Sonal Khosla, a class XI student, says she places bets on reality shows regularly. She adds, \"I have sources in different channels, which makes it easier for me to guess the winners. I earn enough through these bets to manage any extra expenditure. My parents are aware about this and they find it a cool and harmless idea for quick money. Even my mom places bets along with me, at times.\"Fun and rewarding is how Aditya Kapoor, a young marketing executive describes his experience of betting on reality shows. He says, \"We can't place heavy bets like people do on cricket, but yes, we too can have a little fun by guessing winners and the twists on these shows. I had put `5000 on Juhi Parmar for this season of Bigg Boss and I won enough to buy myself a laptop.\"Those in the business of making serials are aware of the trend. Commenting on it, Saurabh Tewari, who has been the fiction head for channels, says, \"The betting trend in developing and developed cities has changed a lot. Today, the entertainment world is ruling the gambling scene. And mostly it is the grand finales of some reality shows which see people putting their money at stake.\" Agreeing with him isreality show participant, Dolly Bindra. She says, \"I know it for a fact that money was being put on my re-entry in the Bigg Boss house. In fact, youngsters are betting on each and every aspect of a reality show.\"Raghu Ram, producer of various reality shows isn't surprised with the young guns earning easy money with the help of reality shows. \"Anything that is newsy today calls for betting. And reality shows are everywhere. In fact the entertainment industry as a whole is a good opportunity for those who like to bet,\" he says.Akash Wadhwa (Some names have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518718", "title": "Future of emerging economies discussed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The three-day international marketing conference organised by IIM Lucknow on its Noida campus concluded on January 14. With an eye on the future of marketing research in emerging economies, the first-of-its-kind international marketing conference was attended by more than 300 participants from across the world.On the first day of the conference, on January 12, IIM-L faculty Satyabhanu Dash, during the doctoral colloquium said emerging economies have challenged existing theories of marketing and brought a paradigm shifts in the future of research in marketing. On January 13, plenary sessions were organised on legends in marketing, with discussions focused on the legacy stalwarts in the field of marketing were leaving for future generations. Sessions were also held on contemporary challenges and future prospects of marketing research, brand building challenges in emerging markets and issues in retailing and franchising in emerging economies.The concluding day of the marketing conference was reserved for presentation of paper and discussions. Participants presented their work to peers in the marketing research community, with topics ranging from rural marketing, customer relationship management , brand management, social media marketing, consumer behavior, advertising, green marketing and retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519625", "title": "Over Rs 28 cr seized in 6 divisions so far", "text": "VARANASI: Though electioneering for assembly poll is yet to gain momentum in UP, the recoveries of unaccounted cash is several times high in comparison to Uttarakhand where the polling will take place on January 30. Director general (investigation), income tax department, UP and Uttaranchal, S S Vajpayee said, \"In Uttaranchal, only 40 cases of unaccounted cash seizure have been registered by the I-T department so far.The I-T officials have seized Rs 42.20 lakh in these cases in Uttaranchal, said Vajpayee, adding that in comparison to these figures, Rs 28,54,11,197 has been seized in 181 cases in six divisions of UP. The maximum seizure has taken place in Meerut division which covers eight districts including Ghaziabad, he said, adding that Rs 18 crore has been seized in 43 cases (including Rs 12.98 crore from a bank vehicle) in this division.He said that the recovery of huge cash from the bank's vehicle exposed how the banks are also being misused for the transaction of unaccounted and black money. After Meerut, he said, seizure of Rs 3,66,68,804 has been made in 41 cases registered in Lucknow division. The Noida division, under which nine districts including Moradabad are covered, he said, seizure of Rs 2,76,25,910 has been made in 35 cases. Vajpayee said that in Varanasi division that covers 20 districts of east UP region, Rs 2,05,44,994 has been seized in 21 cases so far.The seizure of Rs 1,58,93,443 has been made in 29 cases in Agra division while Rs 51,99,760 was seized in Kanpur division, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518096", "title": "Number of drunk driving cases down in city", "text": "NAGPUR: If traffic cops are to be believed, the number of tipplers hitting the bar and taking the wheels after drinking has come down. Figures of drunken driving cases booked by the city traffic police indicate a sudden drop in numbers.\"Last year, till December 31, the traffic cops booked over 18,000 cases of drunken driving and recovered almost 2.33 crore from the traffic violators,\" said a police source. In 2010, more than 21,190 people were booked while in 2009, the police had booked 23,160 motorists. The figure was 10,133 in 2008.The Sitabuldi, Station road, Indora square and Cotton Market area have won the dubious distinction of recording the maximum number of drunken driving cases in the city, the source informed. In 2011, police had booked almost 3,000 people less than in 2010.Sources said that drunken driving is still rampant but the cops have no time or have become apathetic towards registering the cases, because of which violators have become fearless these days. Earlier, traffic cops used to book 75 to 80 drunk drivers each night across the city. This dropped to 35 to 40 people every day by the end of November. Since last two months, the number has further gone down, a senior traffic cop said.Bar owners agreed with the cops, \"Nowadays people park their vehicles in front of bar, enjoy their drinks and go home. They have become carefree as there is hardly any cop near beer bars these days to nab the offenders,\" they added.However, traffic cops claimed that around 18,000 drunken drivers have been challenged in 2011 - which is the highest for any year for any city - due to aggressive drive which police claim has resulted in reduction in number of accidents.\"Because of the approach and execution, we have succeeded to a great extent. Our number of prosecutions has also gone up\", they added.A traffic constable posted at a square on Wardha road added, \"These days, due to heavy workload we normally give a warning to them and let them off. Earlier, we would challan at least 10 to 15 motorists in a day at this junction alone.\"BoxWhat's the penalty?Under Section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act, anyone caught for drunken driving has to deposit Rs2,000 with the police as surety for attending court. If the court orders a lower fine, the balance is refunded. Central government is planning to hike the penalty to two-year jail term and a fine of Rs5,000, or both.Cases bookedYear Cases Fine (Rs)2008 10,133 1.67 crore2009 23,160 5.21 crore2010 21,190 3.80 crore2011 18,000 2.33 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11521870", "title": "Google India: India not a totalitarian regime like China", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google India, which along with 20 websites is facing criminal case for allegedly hosting objectionable materials, told the Delhi High Court that blocking them was not an option as a democratic India does not have a \"totalitarian\" regime like China.\"The issue relates to a constitutional issue of freedom of speech and expression and suppressing it was not possible as the right to freedom of speech in democratic India separates us from a totalitarian regime like China,\" advocate N K Kaul, appearing for Google India, told Justice Suresh Kait.During last hearing, Justice Kait had warned Google India and social networking site Facebook India that websites can be \"blocked\" like in China if they fail to devise a mechanism to check and remove objectionable material from their webpages.Responding to the court's remark, Kaul referred to media reports on the issue saying \"they (reports) suggest the existance of the right (freedom of speech).\"Initiating arguments, Kaul said internet is a global system which have billions of users that also included companies, private persons and the governments and their departments. He filed a representation in the court and said an online search for a word like \"virgin\" has 82.30 crore search results within 0.33 seconds and the idea of blocking a word like this would deprive net-users the required information.\"The queries could relate to Virgin Airlines or for that matter 'virgin areas for inventions', he said.Seeking quashing of the summons issued against the firm by a lower court, he said Google India is neither a search engine nor a web hosting site and was a distinct legal entity from its US-based holding company Google Inc, a search engine. \"No criminal liability can be fastened on Google India,\" he said.The counsel for the website sought to distinguish between Google India and its US-based holding company Google Inc.Google Inc is a service provider and not the Google India and hence, it (Google India) cannot be held accountable for any alleged offence committed by its holding company, he said.Even Google Inc cannot be held accountable for the acts of third parties who simply used the websites for posting or publishing \"obsecene or objectionable\" materials, Kaul said and gave illustrations as to how search engines act. \"Search engines like Google Inc does not and cannot control the websites to which users are trasnported to by them. The contents belong to the websites to which the users have visited and not to the search engines,\" he said.\"I (Google Inc) have nothing to do with the websites and their (offending) contents to which the users are being transported to. Because it is the third parties (websites) which are responsible for the contents,\" he said. The issuance of summons to Google India reflected lack of understanding on the part of trial judge as to how the system (internet) functions, he said.\"It's not the case of anybody that the alleged contents were good or bad. Of course, they were terrible but there are practical diificulties (in checking them). The persons responsible for all the contents have not been made parties.\"We are seeking to prosecute the websites which have done a great service to the world. This problem has arisen world wide in various forms and it is not that we in India are faced with such problems,\" he said.However, Vinay Rai, who had filed the complaint against 21 websites, opposed the plea of Google India. \"Google India, like its holding firm Google Inc, is also a search engine and in fact, they are same as out of 1,91, 295 shares of Google India, 1,91, 294 shares are being held by its holding company,\" the counsel for Rai said.The counsel for Rai also referred to the Memorandum of Association (MoA), annual returns and the directors' report of Google India to drive home his allegations that Indian and its US-based holding firms were the same. If the corporate veil is lifted, then it would become clear that they were the same and equally culpable, he said adding the veil could be lifted for a public cause, he said. Google India is culpable because it is earning for its US-based holding company, he added.The MoA of Google India has listed the function of a search engine as one of its objects and the plea that it was not a search engine was \"untenable\", he said.\"The holding company (Google Inc) has got a pervasive control on its subsidiary Google India,\" he said.Advocate Siddharth Luthra, appearing for Facebook India, questioned the authencity of the documents, including CDs, provided by the complainant to the court. \"The CDs, which have not been authenticated, cannot be used in evidence. The electronic records have to meet the legal requirements for being treated as evidence,\" he said and cited the apex court judgement in the Tehelka expose case.The lower court, while issuing summons to it and others, had erred by not taking an opinion from an expert body regarding genuineness of the CDs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519595", "title": "Congress' selection committee to select candidates for civic poll", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Monday announced a selection committee to conduct interviews and select candidates for the civic election. In a balancing act, the state Congress has included member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi's supporters and those of two state ministers including Patangrao Kadam and Harshawardhan Patil.City unit Abhay Chhajed, Congress observers Subodh Mohite, Gav Avahari, Anantrao Deshmukh, Sharad Ranpise, Kalam Vyvahare, Sangeeta Devkar, Sanjay balgude, MLA Ramesh Bagwe, Vinayak Nimhan, MLC Ulhas Pawar, Dipti Chawadhari and Mohan Joshi, former MLA Balasaheb Shivarkar, Rohit Tilak, deputy mayor Prasanna Jagtap, leader of opposition in PMC Aba Bagul and other six members of the committee will interview candidates and send the final list to the state unit.Senior party vice president Deepak Mankar, former mayor Shantilal Suratwala, Virendra Kirad, Anant Gadgil and Rashid Sheikh who are members of the election co-ordination committee were kept out.For the first time in 20 years, the city Congress may face the election without Kalmadi. In the absence of the 66-year-old MP, who has been in Tihar jail since April in connection with the multi-crore Commonwealth Games scam, the MPCC has appointed a selection panel.The city unit will contest the election under a 'collective leadership' as the MPCC has set aside Kalmadi supporters' demand to bring the leader back into the party by cancelling his suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11519431", "title": "Cong may propose SRC on UP split proposal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress may propose a second States Reorganization Commission (SRC) for the division of UP, indicating the Centre was unlikely to clear in a hurry Mayawati's resolution for the state's four-way split. This is likely to cast a shadow over Telangana's statehood as well.The party may not rebuff the demand for division outright. \"Division of UP may benefit people but the issue has to be examined in detail,\" a senior leader said, clarifying how the party would tackle the issue in its manifesto.Mayawati's proposal for splitting UP has failed to strike an emotive chord. For Congress, therefore, there seems little risk in advocating the middle path. \"We want to know what is in the best interest of people. The division of UP is a complex issue and requires close and objective examination,\" a leader said.The Congress manifesto will not dismiss the UP assembly resolution, but will likely argue that it may be a good move that needs SRC scrutiny.This would set to rest speculation on how it would square up to the BSP challenge. While the issue has not gained traction in the campaign and even Mayawati hasn't pressed it so far, sources said there is still need to address it in the manifesto.The proposal to divide UP into four states was passed in the Assembly amid a lot of din and billed as the BSP chief's strategy to counter anti-incumbency.HC RESERVES VERDICTAllahabad HC on Monday reserved its judgment on a PIL seeking quashing of the Jan-7 CEC order asking for statues of Mayawati and those of elephants to be covered. The petitioner's counsel contented that the order was violative of Article 25 which provides religious freedom to a citizen. Elephant is Lord Ganesha's symbol and the EC order to cover the statues amounts to violation of fundamental right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517266", "title": "Only 2 chances for PG superspecialty medical entrance test", "text": "MUMBAI: Medical students from Maharashtra will now be allowed only two attempts for the superspecialty entrance examination for admission to postgraduate courses. Further attempts will be permitted only after the students put in the mandatory one-year service in rural areas.Earlier, there was no limit on the number of attempts for the entrance examination. Also, students would often avoid the rural stint saying they were preparing for the exam.According to a government resolution in 2007, a student seeking admission to the MBBS course has to sign a bond of Rs 5 lakh, while the amount is Rs 50 lakh for postgraduate courses. A student wanting to skip the rural service stands to forfeit the bond amount.Pravin Shingare, director of the Directorate of Medical Education and Research, said: \"Many students skip the one-year rural service by giving the excuse that they are preparing for the entrance for superspecialty postgraduate course. We have put a ceiling on the number of attempts.\"The state has clarified that there is no limit on the number of attempts for students from outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11517679", "title": "Lost in blaze: Piles of files on welfare schemes", "text": "While several files on the popular marriage assistance scheme for the poor have been gutted, employees of the social welfare and industries and commerce departments, functioning out of the heritage structure, fear their service records could have been destroyed too.The digitalization process began only a few months ago and the computers have been destroyed in the fire. However, senior officers of both departments claimed they had duplicates for all the documents.\"The employees' service record files have been collected by the head office in December for promotions. Now, details like promotions, pensions, disciplinary actions and other details of the employees have to be recorded all over again. This would be a massive exercise,\" a senior staff in the social welfare department said.Piles of files, including service records of officers in the rank of deputy directors and assistant directors, a few gold coins, each weighing about two grams and meant for the free 'thali' (mangalsutra) scheme, computers and a plasma TV have been destroyed.Social welfare department secretary K Gopal, who visited the place, said, \"Our staff was not permitted to get inside to assess the damage accurately. But we have tried our best to collect all information possible about the damage\". Service records of the employees were collected both in the form of soft copy and hard copy, he said.\"Recently, I devised a formula to store the information of our employees. That format would help us. We can collect other details of the employees from our subordinate offices. But collecting documents would be a huge task. We can get duplicate copies of documents on marriage assistance scheme from the financial corporations which are disbursing the funds for it,\" Gopal told TOI.Officers felt the reorganization of the departments would take at least three months. \"Many departments have not started digitalization. This should be a lesson for us to take up the project seriously,\" said a senior officer. With offices closed for Pongal until Tuesday, the government is yet to decide where to shift the two departments.Tamil Nadu Government employee's association state secretary M Anbarasan said, \"A number of government offices have been functioning in poor conditions. The state government has been allotting more money for repairs and maintenance works of the old buildings in Ezhilagam (Chepauk palace).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11516806", "title": "Accused in theft cases held from Karnataka", "text": "THRISSUR: Two persons from the district, who were accused in various theft cases and were absconding for the last 16 years, were arrested from Rippen Pet in Karnataka. Superintendent of Police, Crime Branch P N Unnirajan arrested Jayathilak, 38 and Anil, 40, both natives of Cherpu.Both of them were allegedly involved in various theft cases from 1996. Jayathilak is learnt to be involved in theft of golden crucifix from Marata Mariyam Big Church. Anil was involved in theft of golden idol and golaka from Urakam Ammathiruvadi Temple. Police brought both of them to Thrissur on Monday.\"We had been in Karnataka as part of an investigation into Thriprayar temple theft case. We came to know that these absconders were staying in Karanataka and we located them from Rippen Pet,\" said Unnirajan.As many as nine theft cases have been registered against Jayathilak in Kottayam, Thrissur and Chalakkudy, Unnirajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518988", "title": "AI to pay up Rs 2 lakh to NRI couple", "text": "BANGALORE: Five years after an NRI couple and their infant son missed their flight to Los Angeles due to 'misconnect of flight' on part of Air India, a consumer forum directed the airline to pay Rs 2 lakh in compensation to them.The complainants ended up spending their New Year in Lucknow, though they were to catch a connecting flight to Los Angeles from New Delhi airport, on December 31, 2006. Mahesh Angadi, a native of Bangalore, was in the city for his son's naming ceremony. He had booked three tickets with Air India to travel back to LA via New Delhi, by another private airline.On December 31, 2011, Bangalore Urban District Consumer Forum directed Air India to pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation, including Rs 50,000 towards mental agony and hardship faced by Angadi, his wife Bharathi and son Aaryan, while catching a flight to LA.The court ruled that it was deficiency in service on the part of AI in not making alternative arrangements for Angadi and his family to board the immediate flight available to Los Angeles, after they missed the scheduled flight due to fog. \"The complainant, with a small kid of four months (then) was forced to stay back in New Delhi for two nights,\" remarked the court.Although the court accepted that it was deficiency in service on the part of AI, it ruled that the Rs 10 lakh compensation claimed by Angadi was exaggerated, and directed the airline to pay up Rs 2 lakh. The amount includes Rs 1.27 lakh they spent to buy Air France tickets to travel back home and Rs 22,500 spent in Delhi for two extra nights.Angadi's ordealMahesh, Bharathi and Aaryan were scheduled to return to LA on December 31, 2006, by Air India. They boarded another private airline, which was to connect them to the AI flight at New Delhi International Airport. Instead of reaching New Delhi, the flight was diverted to Lucknow due to bad weather in the capital. AI had assured Angadi that they would be put on the LA flight in time the next day.They reached Lucknow around midnight and boarded a flight to Delhi at 8am the next day, but the flight to LA had already taken off by then. Angadi, in his complaint, alleged that AI staff did not cooperate with them in a professional manner and he had to purchase fresh tickets on Air France to travel back home after spending two extra days. He also alleged that the entire family fell sick after this incident and sought compensation of Rs 10 lakh.AI's defenceAir India argued that the private airline flight was diverted to Lucknow due to bad weather conditions at Delhi airport. AI also stated: \"Since the complainants did not choose to travel by the next available Air India flight on which space was available, they became disentitled to avail of facilities, including hotel accommodation and subsequent travel at AI's cost.\"The court agreed that AI could not be blamed for diversion of flight due to bad weather conditions, but ruled that the airline was at fault by making the complainants suffer mentally and physically due to misconnect of the flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519223", "title": "Huge turnout at farm festival", "text": "KOCHI: Gawking emus, dwarf cows and giant rabbits... Rajendra maidan in the city has been witnessing different sounds and sights over the last few days. The first city-based, free pass animal fest conducted by the District Animal Welfare Department under the aegis of the state government came to a close on Monday.With over 50 stalls, the organizers were happy with the turnout at the event. \"We were able to teach people that poultry farming can be done using cages and technical devices in a small balcony or terrace area,\" said Dr C K Shaju.Dr Shaju and a few other veterinarians in the city were the people behind the success of the fest. \"We never thought that the city people would receive it so well. Yet this has given us more inspiration to take this platform for sharing information and knowledge on breeding of animals and poultry to other cities as well,\" said Dr Shajan, another veterinarian. For Pramod from Chernellur, the three-day event has helped boost his poultry farming business. \"There are many interested people coming in from all over the state, exchanging contacts to do business,\" he noted. His brood has several international ornamental varieties like Silver lace, American Cochin banter, Golden Silky to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517765", "title": "Literacy mission fund:RJD reiterates demand for CBI probe", "text": "PATNA: State RJD president Ramchandra Purbey on Monday said that the party has demanded CBI probe into utilization of literacy mission fund in a fraudulent manner to put CM Nitish Kumar and education minister P K Shahi in the dock and not to put poor students and their parents in a soup.He said that the CM is only trying to dilute the serious issue for which none else than he himself or education minister and HRD's officials are responsible. The issue involves siphoning of Central funds. \"It is because of these people that unqualified and inexperienced teachers have been appointed as a result of which the quality of education at both primary and secondary level has touched its nadir,\" Purbey said and added that it is because of wrong handling of the education system by these persons that the dropout rate in the state has increased.He said that it is unfortunate that the CM is trying to sugarcoat the irregularities in the education department by giving false figures. Education in the state has virtually collapsed, Purbey charged. He said that the party leaders and workers would stage a day-long dharna at the Kargil Chowk on January 18 followed by dharna at district headquarters on January 19 to press its demand for a CBI probe into the leakage of Central fund.Party MP Jagadanand said that a CBI probe would mean trouble for chief minister. He said that the Nitish-led state government has not generated even a single drop of water for irrigation during the past six years. Referring to the Durgawati Project, he said that it could be completed in four months, but the state government has decided to do it in two years.Jagadanand said that the state has potential to irrigate 31 lakh hectares of land. During the RJD regime, it was 12 lakh hectares which rose up to 17 lakh hectares, but since the NDA government did nothing the total land irrigated has been reduced to 10 lakh hectares. He wondered how the government would achieve the irrigation target when it has absolved all the engineers of the water resources department facing serious charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11517078", "title": "Three held for honour killing", "text": "NOIDA: In what could be an honour killing, a 16-year-old girl was allegedly murdered by her brothers for being in a relationship with a neighbouring boy in sector 39 area. The police have arrested the accused and attempts are on to recover the deceased's body and weapon used in the crime.According to ASP S Chinappa, the victim Seema, a resident of Nangli village, was murdered by her brothers Subhash, Vikas and Lalit. \"The girl was in a relationship with the boy to which the brothers had objected. They had also heard about her affairs with several other boys,\" Chinappa said. \"The brothers said they were enraged after hearing comments about her character and even tried to reason with her, but their sister did not pay heed to their warning,\" he said.\"On the intervening night of December 28 and 29, the three accused took the victim to Chaprauli Mangrauli village around 11pm. When she refused to end her relationship with the boy, they bludgeoned her with a spade. They then dumped her body near the Yamuna river barrage,\" Chinappa added. DIG Jyoti Narayan said that so far the victim's body has not been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519637", "title": "Three held for vehicle theft, burglary", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Monday claimed to have solved 12 cases, including 11 vehicle thefts and a burglary, following the arrest of three men with criminal records.Four tractors, an SUV, two cars, a pick-up van and 443 gm of gold ornaments, together totaling Rs 40 lakh, were recovered from Raju Baburao Javalkar (43) of Khanapur in Haveli taluka, Somnath Subhash Chaudhary (24) of Phursungi and Ramesh Mahadev Kumbhar (32) of Kolhapur.The men had been arrested on January 5, after a police team led by Kamalakar Takwale, police inspector of the anti-vehicle theft squad received a tip-off, said additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde.Javalkar has 128 vehicle theft cases registered against him, Chaudhary has 14 vehicle theft cases registered against him and Kumbhar has 50 burglary cases registered against him,\" Shinde said.He said that the Javalkar had met Chaudhary and Kumbhar in prison. Three months ago, all three had been released and had immediately started committing offences.According to Inspector Takwale, the suspects had stolen six tractors from Hadapsar, Yevat, Chakan and Chaufula in Pune district. \"They have also stolen two cars and a pick-up van from Pune city. On December 19, 2011, they broke into a house in Hadapsar and stole gold ornaments and an SUV, together worth Rs 8 lakh,\" Takwale said. He said the suspects had dismantled two of the tractors and sold it as scrap in Ahmednagar.\"They were using the stolen car for themselves,\" Takwale said.Mumbai-based jeweller Jayant Jadhav has also been arrested for allegedly purchasing stolen ornaments from the men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517161", "title": "Waters seeks early release from prison", "text": "MUMBAI: Alan Waters (63), an ex-member of the British Royal Navy who is in jail for sexually abusing street kids, has moved the Bombay High Court seeking early release. Waters has urged the HC to consider the 14 months he spent in a detention centre in the US, awaiting extradition to India.Waters was nabbed by the US authorities in July 2003. In September 2004, he was sent to India, where he was wanted in the Anchorage paedophile case. \"If the year-long incarceration in the US prison is considered, Waters has spent more time in prison than his six-year term,'' said advocate Taraq Sayed, counsel for Waters.Justice R P Sondurbaldota had directed Waters to furnish documents to prove that he was available for investigation in the Anchorage case when he was lodged in the US prison and Indian authorities had an unhindered access to him. The HC has also asked for papers related to his stay in prison during the appeals. The next hearing of the case is on January 24", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521713", "title": "It was great working with Jeet: Samidh", "text": "What happens when you add 50 per cent of Samidh Mukerjee's melody to 50 per cent of Jeet Gannguli's rhythm? You get a 100% hit formula! And that's what Ravi Kinagi's Jeet-Koel starrer, \" 100% Love\" boasts of - a soundtrack comprising some soulful and catchy numbers. But given the stiff competition in T-town, how easy or difficult was it for the two music directors to work for the same film?Says Samidh, \"I started off with a rock band. So, sharing the same music space with others comes naturally to me and it was great working with Jeet. I was supposed to score the entire music for the film. But due to some commitments I couldn't make it. It was then that our producer, Shrikantda (Mohta) from Shree Venkatesh Films, brought in Jeet to compose the other tracks.\"So, isn't competition the code word here? Says Jeet, \"I began composing for Bengali films way back in 2004 when the music scenario in this industry wasn't as good as it is now. People used to look down upon me when I came here from Mumbai to score for Bengali films. But now, I see the same people trying to make a foray into Tollywood. Having completed nine years in this industry and earned the love of the masses for my work, competition holds a lesser meaning.\"So, what kind of music was the production house looking at when Samidh and Jeet were approached to compose music for the film? Samidh says, \"It was quite a challenge composing a peppy love song, not the usual soft romantic number. That's when I came up with \"Tumse pyaar hai\". Next, I was asked to compose a situational song jeta sobai ke kadiye debe. I composed \"Hiya jwale piyar dorode\" that had a folk flavour. I wanted it to be sung by Shubha Mudgal and Shankar Mahadevan. I recorded its scratch version with one of my discoveries, Ratna Basu, while I sang the male portion. But her voice made the song so magical that I decided to retain her for the song. The scratch was so liked by the producers that it remained the same.\"Jeet, meanwhile, was asked to compose the title track. \"They wanted the track to be a dance number and that's how the song \"100% love\" came into being. During that time, I had also composed the music for Mahesh Bhatt's forthcoming film, \"Blood Money\". There's this Sufi song in that movie that has been sung by Ustad Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. Our director-producers liked the song so much that he spoke to the Bhatts and managed to get the rights for the same. Then I recorded the Bengali version of the song, \"Ek mutho swapno cheye\" for \"100% Love\",\" says Jeet.Speaking about this song and the overall music, Shrikant Mohta says, \"Jeet and Samidh have done a great job. While the title song is already making waves, the melodious number, \"Tumse pyaar hai\", is also being appreciated by all. About \"Ek mutho\", after listening to the song I wanted it so much that I requested Mukesh Bhatt to give me the song. He readily agreed. It's a lovely track.\"Do they believe having two music directors composing for a single film could emerge as a trend? \"I hope not,\" says Jeet, adding, \"I feel one versatile music director is enough to make a film's soundtrack a success. Touchwood, the music of this film has turned out really well and the film seems to have benefitted from it, but one can never say that it will always happen like this.\"Echoing similar views, Samidh says, \"Necessity is the mother of all inventions. If the producers feel there is a need for variety, they will go ahead and have as many composers as they want and quite rightfully so. But this shouldn't emerge as a trend because then, the film's music will suffer. Also, a composer's creativity shouldn't be misused for the sake of matching trends.\" Whether a trend is about to emerge only time will tell, but for now, tune into 100% music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11519848", "title": "Officials check brain fever spread", "text": "KARWAR: The health department has taken measures to contain Japanese Encephalitis (Japanese Brain fever) in Bhatkal. The health officials visited Talagodu village in Mavinakurve gram panchayat area and Sanabavi village in Bengre Gram panchayat area to conduct check-ups. People were given information about the symptoms and the reasons for the spread of this deadly disease.Darshan Manjunath Naik of Talagodu and Manjunath Moger of Sanabavi were hospitalized after coming down with the disease. Both are recuperating in hospital.The disease is mainly spread by pigs and mosquitoes. Symptoms include high fever, headache and backache. The health officials went from house to house to spread awareness about the disease, asking people to visit the hospital if any such symptoms were found. People were asked to make sure their surroundings did not have stagnant water and drainages were kept clean.Local authorities carried out fogging in several areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11519035", "title": "Another suspect in gangrape", "text": "PANCHKULA: The Panchkula police arrested the main accused, Dinesh, in the Sector 20 rape case on Monday evening. The case dates back to August 21, 2011 when a Delhi-based class XI student was brought to Chandigarh by some youths under the pretext that they would help her enroll for an air hostess course in Chandigarh. But the student was raped at a flat of a Group Housing Society (GHS), Sector 20, Panchkula, following which she was gang raped at the Ridge View Hotel in Shimla.On August 21, the girl, a resident of Arjun Nagar in Delhi, accompanied a youth, Rakesh, to Panchkula who had allegedly promised her family that he would help her in enrolling in an air hostess course. It was on August 22 that Rakesh brought her to GHS-79, in Sector 20 where he allegedly raped her. The girl was then taken to Shimla in the evening by Rakesh and three others. She was allegedly raped again by two people during their stay at the hotel. The girl had told the police that Rakesh and Virender Khanna, a Delhi-based gang leader, whose involvement in the case was also suspected had allegedly taken Rs 15,000 from two people, Dinesh and Gandhi for having sex with her. It was after they consumed liquor that Dinesh and Gandhi had allegedly raped her in the hotel room in Shimla and on August 23, and then she was brought back to the Sector 20 flat.Khanna was also arrested later. The girl was threatened by Khanna to remain silent after she was raped. Police officials said that phone calls were made to the girl by Khanna threatening her that if she did not keep quiet about the gang rape, he would kill her mother living in Delhi.An FIR was filed in the case under sections 363 (kidnapping), 372 (selling a minor for prostitution), 373 (buying a minor for purposes of prostitution), 376 (rape), 376G (gang rape), 342 (wrongful confinement), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and the suspects Rakesh, Virender and Kartik, who was a conduit for 'supplying the girl', in the case were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519433", "title": "City hospital blood bags found damaged, human error blamed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has sought a report from the District Medical Officer following reports that the blood bags at the General Hospital here had been damaged owing to 'human error'.Following this, the DMO has ordered an inquiry into the incident in which over 100 blood bags were found to have been damaged. Power failure at the storage facility is said to be the cause of the damage.There is constant power failure at this 24-hour blood bank leading to non-functioning of its freezers and other storage facilities. But people at fault are blood bank officials who have not informed higher authorities of the problem, according to district medical administration.Though a new block was created in the General Hospital campus for facilitating storage of blood, no steps were taken for the effective functioning of the blood bank which was shifted to the new OP building very recently. Sources said the Kerala State AIDS Control Society had supplied the blood bank a generator since it required power supply round the clock. This generator was, however, not used and was instead shifted to a yet-to-be started dialysis unit in the hospital. The blood bank was provided an old generator, but that was not being utilized.The blood stored here was collected through a blood donation camp organized in the districtm recently. It was meant to be used in surgeries at the hospital. Following blood shortage because of bags being damaged, the blood required for surgeries on Monday was procured from the Medical College Hospital.The DMO and other Health Department officials who visited the blood bank on Monday have directed the hospital authorities to provide the facility generator support with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519448", "title": "NO2 levels over India increasing, says data", "text": "PUNE: The satellite data of tropospheric pollution over Asia shows that there has been a rise in nitrogen dioxide (NO2) level over India and China. It is due to usage of more fossil fuel. At the same time, there is a decline in the level of nitrogen dioxide in Europe and US, said Andreas Richter, senior scientist, University of Bremen , Germany.He was speaking at the Indo-German workshop on 'challenges and opportunities in air pollution and climate change' organised by the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune on Monday.Richter said that there is concern regarding the rise. \"The increase in nitrogen dioxide, which is a greenhouse gas, is related to economic activities. The sources of nitrogen dioxide include emission from vehicles, power plants, forest fire and lightning, among others. In the case of India, the rise in nitrogen dioxide is mainly due to emission from vehicles,'' he said.He stressed that satellite remote sensing observations are valuable tools for observation of trophospheric pollution like nitrogen dioxide, ozone, sulphur dioxide, among others.Raghu Murtugudde, professor at University of Maryland , USA, who was speaking on 'climate change, water quality and human health' said that climate change will bring in regional weather changes like heat waves, extreme weather, temperature, humidity, precipitation and vegetation changes.On health effects due to climate change, he said that it will lead to heat-cold related to morbidity and mortality, extreme weather-related morbidity, airborne allergens and pathogens, water and food-borne diseases, zoonotic and vector-borne diseases, food and water shortage effects, infectious and other health effects.Around 50 students from various fields participated in the workshop. There will be an informal discussion between senior scientists and young Indian researchers on research and career opportunities in Germany and India on January 17. Around five students will be selected for specific PhD and postdoctoral research programmes.There will be a public lecture on 'Does the atmosphere help us to get rid of air pollution? The self-cleaning capacity in global change' by Andreas Wahner, an eminent atmospheric scientist and director of the Institute of Energy and Climate Research - Troposphere, Julich, Germany, at 5.30 pm at the NCL auditorium, Pashan Road. It will follow screening of 'SAFAR - The Journey of Air' - an inspirational scientific documentary film by IITM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518059", "title": "Mughal cultural fest from Jan 18", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to promote and create awareness of Mughal art, culture, literature and cuisine, a Mughal India Festival will be held in the city from January 18 to 22 by Maharashtra Minority Foundation for Unity and Development and Shadab Education Society, Nagpur.The five-day festival to be held at Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall includes presentation of a mushaira, plays, and a programme of ghazals, qawwali and Sufi sangeet. The festival is coinciding with the 60th anniversary of the formation of Maharashtra state and completion of 150 years of Archaeological Survey of India. To showcase various activities and works taken by ASI, some seminars and events will also be held during this festival.A food festival and Meena Bazaar will be held on SCZCC premises.Two plays, 'Sons of Babar' and 'Mirza Ghalib Ki Haveli' will be presented by theatre groups from New Delhi. A ghazal and Sufi programme will have Ustad Ahmed Hussain and Ustad Mohd Hussain from Jaipur performing. The festival will conclude with a qawwali presented by Mustufa Aziz Naza of Mumbai and Rukhsana Bano of Benaras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517122", "title": "MCD sealing drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) razed illegal portions of 49 properties in different parts of Delhi on Thursday.Eleven properties in South zone, 23 in Sadar Paharganj zone, two in Central zone, eight in Najafgarh, three in Rohini and two in Civil Lines zone faced sealing and demolition action. Properties in Chhatarpur, Hargovind Enclave, Okhla Industrial Area I and II, Shastri Nagar, Rohini Sector-11 and other adjoining areas were also sealed and parts demolished.\"Builders without getting the building plan sanctioned from the civic agency start construction and cheat innocent buyers. MCD will intensify the sealing drive, especially in South zone to demolish illegal portions which are under construction. The ceiling and roof slabs have been punctured and the properties are left in inhabitant state. All the properties were booked under unauthorized construction and with the help of local police action was taken,\" said a South zone, MCD official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519139", "title": "Scattered rainfall revives cold", "text": "KANPUR: Cold conditions were back on Monday with overcast sky and scattered rain showers. Cold winds added to the chill.The maximum temperature stood at 20.7 degree Celsius. The minimum temperature increased by couple of notches and recorded at 9.0 degrees, three degrees above normal. According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, similar weather conditions would prevail on Tuesday with cloudy sky and fog in morning and late at night.\"The change in the weather has been caused by a circulation over east UP. The circulation is getting moisture feed from the oceans, resulting in showers in some parts of the state on Monday. On Tuesday, rainfall is expected in a few parts of the district which may continue on Wednesday,\" said Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at CSA.However, partial clouds gave a way to sunshine. The difference between minimum and maximum temperature is reducing. It means that the chill is expected to increase in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518917", "title": "Chidambaram behind \u2018inflammatory\u2019 article case, says Swamy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch of Delhi Police on Monday questioned 2G petitioner and Janata Party chief - Subramanian Swamy in connection with a case of writing an 'inflammatory article'. The leader, officials say, during the questioning claimed that his writings were edited by the newspaper before publication. After the questioning, Swamy alleged that the case was registered against him at the behest of home minister P Chidambaram.Swamy, accompanied by lawyers, reached the inter-state cell of crime branch in Chanakya Puri around 10.50 am and the questioning lasted for about two hours. The Janata Party chief, who has been granted interim protection till January 30 by the Delhi high court against his arrest, claimed that he was called as a witness in the case. Swamy was called by crime branch with his raw article, which he had written. Crime Branch has also reportedly questioned two editors of the publishing organization in connection with the case.\"I was asked about the meaning of certain words. I told police that my original article was about 4,000 words and the published one was about 1,100 words. I told police that all passages were deleted,\" he told reporters. He claimed he wrote the article and emailed it to the newspaper when he was in the United States . \"If you read the whole article, no case can made out of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518390", "title": "Dhote's resignation wouldn't affect party, says MNS", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has made it clear that there would not be any loss to the party if city chief Moreshwar alias Mama Dhote quits the party.Divisional organizer (East Vidarbha) Hemant Gadkari told TOI the allegations and reasons cited by Dhote are baseless. \"Dhote has not submitted his resignation till date. MNS has come into existence and developed to a great extent only due to party supremo Raj Thackeray . The people are joining the party only due to Thackeray's ideology and vision. There's no question of loss to the party if myself or Dhote or any one person quits,\" he said.Gadkari further said Dhote had distributed application forms without permission from the party. \"Interviews were conducted on December 4. Dhote's son Pankaj was among the 103 party workers who appeared in the interview. But Dhote did not turn up. Thackeray had made it clear that any person, including himself, wishing to contest election has to appear in the interview. Besides, I have sent a letter requesting Thackeray to give permission for conducting interviews of Dhote and a few other aspirant candidates who missed the chance. Interviews are likely to be conducted again on January 18 or 19,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519592", "title": "Markets remain closed during Banaras bandh", "text": "VARANASI: The bandh call given by Varanasi traders evoked a good response as most market areas remained closed on Monday. However, shops in lanes were open during the Banaras Bandh. The traders associated with over 90 organisations had given a bandh call in protest against regular checking of their vehicles and seizure of cash being carried by them.Following the implementation of model code of conduct (MCC) since December 25, the local administration launched massive checking drives to check the use of unaccounted money in assembly election. In the case of failure in producing supporting documents for carrying more than Rs 2.50 lakh in cash, the static surveillance and police teams seized the cash and handed over the case to income tax department for further investigation. So far, unaccounted money worth of more than Rs 1.25 crore had been seized in the district.A delegation of traders associated with Kashi Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal, Varanasi Vyapar Mandal, Varanasi Udyog Vyapar Mandal and Akhil Bharatiya Vyapar Mandal had also met the district authorities with a request to stop harassment of traders. But, after failing to get any relief, they observed a bandh on Monday.Most of the markets in areas like Nai Sarak, Dal Mandi, Hadaha Sarai, Chowk, Godowlia, Dasaswamedh, Hathua Market, Malviya Market, Visheshwarganj, Gola Deenanath, Lahurabir, Maldahiya, Pandeypur and Lanka wore a deserted look due to the band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519003", "title": "Finally, trains reach on time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the first day this year, all nine trains arriving at Chandigarh railway station from various destinations arrived on time on Monday.Railway officials said rainfall over the past two days in around the region had drastically improved the visibility levels, with little or no fog being reported anywhere along the journeys from Lucknow or from New Delhi.Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"All trains arriving into Chandigarh were on time on Monday. Trains from New Delhi like New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express, New Delhi-Kalka Jan Shatabdi and New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen were on schedule as there was little to no fog along route.\"He said, \"Similarly, trains from Uttar Pradesh and other eastern states were also on schedule, barring Howrah-Kalka Mail, which was delayed by around half-an-hour due to some maintenance work, which had to be undertaken at Lucknow. Barring that, there was no delay and train attained its maximum speed. That aspect had not been possible earlier due to dense fog along the entire stretch from Saharanpur towards Ambala Cantt railway station.\"Kumar added that the situation was the same with Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express, which, having not encountered any fog along the journey, reached Chandigarh railway station five minutes ahead of its scheduled time of 9.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518363", "title": "Kite flying trend picking up in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: The craze for kites is escalating in the city. Unlike five years ago when there used to be a clear sky on Makar Sankranti, one can now spot many kites flying high. Shopkeepers say there is a decent demand for the kites on Sankranti.Qadir Khan, who owns a kite shop on Vidhan Sabha Marg, said that nearly 50 customers had already approached him on the eve of Makar Sankranti. \"The trend of kite flying is picking up in the city. People who have come from outside the city have led to this trend,'' said he. In places like Gujarat and Rajasthan, the sky remains full with colourful kites on Makar Sankranti.In Lucknow, kite flying is synonymous with festivals. There are new and latest designs of kites in the market especially on Sankranti. A blue colour 'patang' has a trio of Indian cricketers - Sachin Tendulkar , Virendra Sehwag, and M S Dhoni. People love to fly kites having attractive designs and pictures, said Qadir's brother Nadir.There is a kite which bears the picture of Bollywood star Malaika Arora with his song 'Munni Badnam Hui'. Many kites bear photos from films like Ready, Bodyguard etc.People in Lucknow fly maximum kites on Diwali festival. \"I fly kites on every festival. It is fun for me. This time on Sankranti, I have called my friends over to my house and together we will enjoy the festival,'' said Danish Zubedi, who bought ten kites of different designs. Accompanying him was a boy who recalled his early childhood when he along with all his cousins used to fly kites. \"Kite flying was never a tradition in Lucknow. It is gradually picking up with people who have come from other places,'' said he.In the market, a simple kite costs between Rs 2-5, and those which have prints of Indian cricketers and Bollywood stars are priced at Rs 6.A charkhi of manja costs Rs 60-80 while saddhi is priced at Rs 25-35.\"The sale increases during festivals,'' said a delighted Qadir. However, animal lovers say that flying of kites harms birds, and at times, kill them as well. The manja which is used to fly kites and cut other's kites is dangerous for birds. But nothing can deter people for whom kite flying is a pastime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518897", "title": "Google: India can\u2019t act like \u2018totalitarian\u2019 China regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reeling under pressure from the government, which has sanctioned prosecution, Google India on Monday argued before Delhi high court that blocking certain websites was not an option as democratic India isn't a \"totalitarian\" regime like China.To make its point how blocking a website might deprive users from a lot of useful information, the company demonstrated to HC how an online search for a word like \"virgin\" has 82.30 crore search results within 0.33 seconds. It said the idea of blocking a word like this would deprive netusers the required information, which could relate to Virgin Airlines or 'virgin areas for inventions', lawyer appearing for the website argued.On its part Facebook argued the company acts immediately once it receives information that an offensive content has been posted, even as it has adequate checks in place to prevent it.Google and Facebook are amongst 20 websites facing criminal proceedings for allegedly hosting objectionable materials. \"The issue relates to a constitutional issue of freedom of speech and expression and suppressing it was not possible as the right to freedom of speech in democratic India separates us from a totalitarian regime like China,\" senior advocate N K Kaul, appearing for Google India told Justice Suresh Kait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519164", "title": "Govt stores to provide medicines at lesser cost", "text": "KANPUR: In order to control the prices of medicines, the state government had planned to open government medical stores in the medical colleges and district hospitals. These stores will be run by Rajya Karmachari Sangh. There will be no taxes, including Vat, making the medicine prices nearly half of the MRP at these stores.Under the plan, the government aims to open one medical store in all the district hospitals, CHCs and PHCs, where the medicines will be available at a lesser price. The medical colleges are also included under this plan to benefit the poor patients.It may bring respite to the patients, who are hit hard by soaring price of medicines.\"This plan is aimed to help the poor medical seekers, especially those who stop treatment midway due to costly medicines. These medical stores will provide medicines at the lowest possible price. We will try that such medical stores open soon,\" chief medical officer Jai Singh said.He said that the state government had planned to introduce cheap medical stores where the medicines will be cheaper as there will be no taxes. Also, 20 per cent discount from the government will make the medicines even more cheaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sancoale", "code": "11518013", "title": "Archbishop Ferrao urges Goans to cast votes responsibly", "text": "SANCOALE: Elect the right candidate and be true witness to Christian values and principles was the clarion call made by Archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao on Monday.The archbishop was the main celebrant at the 301st death anniversary celebrations for of the patron of Goa and Daman, Blessed Joseph Vaz, at the Sancoale sanctuary.Ferrao said that the state was at a very crucial juncture in view of the upcoming assembly elections, which are to be held in March. \"We need to assess all the candidates contesting the elections and elect the right candidate, thus bearing witness to our Christian values and principles,\" he added.The celebrations were attended by thousands of devotees from different walks of life. Shuttle services provided for faithful attending the mass and elaborate traffic arrangements made by the police to ensured smooth flow of traffic, and less congestion at the sanctuary.During his homily, the archbishop recalled late Pope John Paul II , whom he called a man of constant prayer. Ferrao said that the Pope wrote a letter to all priests before dying in which and rightly mentioned that they are the ones who have been won by Christ, the good shepherd.\"As we commemorate the 301st death anniversary of our patron,\" Ferrao said, \"it can be rightly said that Blessed Joseph Vaz was chosen and won by Christ.\"Ferrao reflected on the life of Blessed Joseph Vaz by summing up his work on three main themes: How he grew in love of Christ, how he gave Christ's love to others and how his sacrificial life was a witness of Christ to others. Elaborating on the three aspects of Goa's patron, Ferrao said that Blessed Joseph Vaz grew in holiness first in his family. \"His love for the Bible , besides his reflection on the lives of the saints helped him to grow in sanctity,\" Ferrao added.\"On his trip to Mangalore, Kanara and Sri Lanka , Blessed Joseph Vaz worked hard to spread the word of God to those who had given up their faith,\" Ferrao said. He said that the saintly man brought unity among various communities, irrespective of their religion.The archbishop said that Blessed Joseph Vaz was a true witness to Christ through his sufferings and pain.\"If we are to grow in devotion of our patron,\" Ferrao said, \"there is a need to grow in love of Christ through our personal and community prayer.\" As Blessed Joseph Vaz was an example of Christ's love to others, Ferrao said we also ought to be concerned about those in our families and communities.Archbishop Ferrao also spoke about the need to preserve Goa's natural heritage. Reflecting on the theme \"Preserve it holy, the land sanctified by Blessed Joseph Vaz\", the Archbishop said that by being concerned in saving and protecting nature, we can be true witness to our faith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11517829", "title": "Laptop stolen from firm industrial unit", "text": "NASHIK: A laptop was stolen from Ekvira Coates Pvt Ltd in the Ambad industrial area on Sunday.The incident occurred at around 1:30am when some unidentified persons attacked the watchman, Ramdas Patil, and took the keys and stole a laptop that was kept inside the unit.\"While I was sitting at the gate of the company, someone came from behind and threw a blanket on me As I fell down, one of them sat on me and tied my eyes. Meanwhile, he was constantly threatening me that if I raised an alarm, he would cut me into pieces,\" Patil said. Patil suffered injuries on his forehead and arm.The MIDC area at Satpur and Ambad has seen a spate of robberies and industrialists have been demanding intense police patrolling to control crime in that region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518931", "title": "Outsmarted, police to make patrolling flexible", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have decided to reinvent their night beat patrol system. This follows the realization that thieves and chain-snatchers are timing their strikes with the patrolling schedule in mind, and getting away with their deeds.Statistics for the past three years have alerted police to the fact that criminal elements have outsmarted them and ensured that the predictable beat patrol system has little impact on their activities.While 1,987 cases of house break-ins were reported in 2011, the number was 1,863 for 2010 and 1,746 in 2009. Similarly, robberies went up from 316 in 2010 to 414 in 2011.The statistics have forced police to do a rethink on their beat system.How it works now?The current beat system works like this: every police station jurisdiction is divided into sub-divisions, each patrolled by two policemen.The policemen start from a point and at various points, sign a book to register their presence. The rounds are repeated till they are relieved.How thieves strike?The beat patrol has, in fact, made things easy for criminal elements. All they have to do is identify the house they have to break in, observe the patrolling for two days and strike in the window of time available between the beat rounds.What is the solution?Senior police officers have now proposed making patrolling dynamic. Joint commissioner of crime Pranob Mohanthy said plans to make patrolling more dynamic and flexible will be worked out at the police station level.\"Patrolling will not follow predetermined routes. The routes will be shuffled. Also, if required, we will divide the beats further,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518699", "title": "No public spat, says PCC; Manoj speaks out again", "text": "KOLKATA: No more public spat with Big Brother Trinamool Congress , the state Congress will rather concentrate on strengthening its own organization. PCC leaders have taken this stand after a meeting between PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya and AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed in Delhi during the day.But Congress minister Manoj Chakraborty preferred to speak out after Mamata Banerjee announced her ministry reshuffle decision. \"This is vendetta and I will not keep my mouth shut. I will continue to protest till my last breath,\" the minister said, after the CM took away the parliamentary department from him and gave it to newly sworn-in Trinamool minister Arup Biswas.She also took away the food processing department from Congress minister Abu Hena and gave it to Trinamool minister Ujjal Biswas.The PCC president, however, refused to comment on it. \"A reshuffle in the ministry is the prerogative of the CM. I don't want to comment on it,\" Bhattacharya said, despite Mamata's decision to send a message to the junior partner by clipping the wings of two Congress ministers.\"It has been decided that Congress will not go for the agitation programmes for now. But it will continue to focus on its own organization,\" Bhattacharya said from Delhi. The emphasis of the PCC would now be on preparing for the panchayat elections. \"We have already held a panchayat convention at the state level. Now we will hold similar conventions at the district and the block levels,\" he said.It may be mentioned here that a crisis had been brewing within the ruling coalition for the past couple of months as the state Congress leaders held public agitations on several issues. Observers said PCC leaders had been told by the AICC to emphasize on strengthening the organization in the state so that later Congress could take on Trinamool on an equal footing.And for now, the focus would be on the panchayat election, though it was not clear if Congress would like to go it alone in the rural polls. \"We have not yet decided if we will fight the panchayat polls on our own,\" Bhattacharya said.Regarding the reshuffle, observers, however, said that the objective of the chief minister was to deliver a message to Congress leader Adhir Chowdhury of Murshidabad who had been openly criticizing the Mamata government. Both Abu Hena and Manoj Chakraborty are from Murshidabad. Last week, Chakraborty had created a stir by openly criticizing the Mamata government at Writers' Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517628", "title": "\u2018Bunty acting weird, but could be his ploy to flee\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police will be taking custody of super thief Davinder alias Bunty on Tuesday. But already, Bhopal cops, who have him in their custody, are having a tough time handling his tantrums and \"weird behaviour\".Bunty has apparently claimed that he is an \"incarnation of god\" and that he is \"not an Indian citizen\". He has also claimed he knows Pakistani actor Veena Malik. Bhopal police have expressed the possibility of his being mentally disturbed; but they have also not ruled out that he might be playing a prank. They say he is quite capable of the latter, as in the past he had escaped from police custody by making such unusual claims.On Monday, he refused to take food provided by the police and had only milk and an apple instead. \"He is misleading the police by behaving like a disturbed person,\" an officer said.So far, cops have failed to extract any information from him. \"During interrogation, he called himself 'Jesus'. Later, he said he was 'Krishna',\" the officer said. Bunty was arrested on Saturday from a hotel, where he had been a guest since January 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517948", "title": "Sirhol toll plaza risky at night", "text": "GURGAON: The mismanagement at the Sirhol toll plaza continues to harass the commuters late at night. A majority of the drivers don't drive in the designated lanes, with others having a difficult time in reaching the toll gates even after 11pm. The Gurgaon-bound commuters especially have to face the problem.During a visit to the toll plaza on Monday evening, barrels and lane dividers were found to be placed at intervals on the Delhi side of the plaza. A few marshals were seen assisting the commuters to choose the right lanes, but, they were mainly on the right side of the road. As a result, several vehicles were seen hopping from one lane to the other between the barrels in order to cross the toll plaza as soon as possible.The situation aggravated during the night when the vehicular flow increased with the restriction hours for heavy vehicles getting over. A traffic policeman on duty revealed that nobody from his department remains on duty after 11pm. When contacted, highway traffic inspector Ved Prakash said he would look into the matter and instruct the private concessionaire to manage the situation in an efficient way. A spokesperson of DSC Ltd, the concessionaire managing the expressway, said barrels had been placed recently to segregate the different types of traffic for a smoother traffic flow. We have been trying to streamline traffic and hope to do it soon with motorists getting used to the new arrangement. He claimed that a marshal has been deputed on every alternate lane. The problem at the toll plaza during the night hours is not a new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517720", "title": "1st tech university for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi will soon have the country's first technical university exclusively for women to boost their participation in science and technology.The decision was taken on Monday at a meeting of the Cabinet chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit . The Women's Technical University will be made functional by upgrading the existing Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology.It is proposed to be a non-affiliating university, aimed at ensuring an environment for excellence in engineering education and active participation of women in engineering, science and technology.\"Delhi will become the first state to have an exclusive technological university for women. It is expected that the new university will impart engineering education to more and more girls of Delhi,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11519962", "title": "North Karnataka districts in the grip of cold wave", "text": "HUBLI: People of north Karnataka are likely to face severe cold waves for the next few days as temperature levels continued to dip even after Makar Sankranti in certain parts of the region.The Meteorology department has said that cold waves are likely to continue for the next few days. As temperature continued to dip, people have pulled out their woolens and blankets to protect themselves from the chilly weather. Even on Monday, temperature dipped in several parts of north Karnataka.Belgaum, Hubli-Dharwad and Bijapur were worst hit by the cold waves on Monday. According to sources from the meteorological department, on Monday, Hubli-Dharwad recorded 9.3 degree Celsius temperature, said to be the lowest in this season. Belgaum recorded 7.2 degree Celsius on Monday while maximum temperature was 27 degree Celsius. In Bijapur lowest temperature was 8.4 degree Celsius. Temperature in Gadag, which was 14 degree Celsius two days ago, went down to 12 degree Celsius. In Haveri too, temperature was the lowest 9 degree Celsius on Monday.Koppal, Gulbarga and Raichur, known for their soaring mercury levels round the year, also recorded lowest temperature. Raichur recorded lowest at 9 degree Celsius, while in Gulbarga minimum temperature is at 12.0 degree Celsius for the past two days.Speaking to The Times of India, Meteorology department, Bangalore, director Dr B Puttanna said that severe cold waves prevailed in some parts of interior Karnataka in the last two days while chill weather will continue for next couple of days. Belgaum, Bijapur, Gulbarga and Hubli-Dharwad continued to record lowest temperature in the season and cold waves are likely to hit the region for next two-three days, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517715", "title": "Wikipedia to shut down for 24 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales on Monday asked school students to finish their homework early as he detailed the plan to shut down the website on Wednesday to protest against a controversial anti-piracy bill that the US senate is debating.\"Student warning! Do your homework early. Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday,\" Wales said on his Twitter page.\"I am just starting to do press interviews about the upcoming blackout of Wikipedia...This is going to be wow. I hope Wikipedia will melt phone systems in Washington on Wednesday. Tell everyone you know,\" he wrote. Wales said that visitors to the Wikipedia's English website will see a message telling them that the website has been shut for 24 hours to protest the anti-piracy laws called Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and Protect IP Act (PIPA).For last few months there has been a fierce debate over SOPA in US. While organizations like Motion Picture Association of America believe that laws like SOPA, which has several drastic provisions, including blocking websites at DNS level, are needed to fight piracy, web companies like Google and Facebook say that SOPA will stifle innovation and hit freedom of speech.Wales also said that ComScore estimates around 25 million people visit the English website of Wikipedia every day.When Wikipedia shuts down, it will join tens of other websites that will shut down on Wednesday as part of their protest against SOPA. These include Reddit, a website housing an influential web community that curates news, Cheezburger network, a collection of websites that host immensely popular LOLcat memes, BoingBoing, a popular blog, Craiglist, Mozilla, Minecraft and several other websites related to video games. There are reports that Google and Facebook may join the blackout.On Saturday, White House joined the debate saying that certain provisions of SOPA could harm the web. \"Any effort to combat online piracy must guard against the risk of online censorship of lawful activity and must not inhibit innovation by our dynamic businesses large and small...We must avoid creating new cybersecurity risks or disrupting the underlying architecture of the Internet,\" said the note prepared by three senior officials, including Aneesh Chopra, the US chief technology officer. \"Our analysis of the DNS filtering provisions in some proposed legislation suggests that they pose a real risk to cybersecurity and yet leave contraband goods and services accessible online.\"Reports claim that after the White House made its stance clear, SOPA has put on hold by the US senate. But Wales said on Twitter that even if SOPA is dead, PIPA remains a threat. \"SOPA is crippled now. PIPA is still extremely dangerous,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517994", "title": "202 crew of capsized luxury liner rescued, one waiter still missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The luxury liner that sank off the coast of Italy Costa Concordia was carrying 203 Indians out of which only one has been confirmed missing. Government officials said that all others - 202 crew members - had been rescued.The foreign ministry set up control rooms here and in Rome to provide information about the victims.Indian Embassy officials in Rome said an Indian Robello Russel Terence, who was a waiter on the ship, was yet to be traced and efforts were on to verify other details about him.The incident, which occurred on Saturday, left six persons dead. The ship hit a reef or rock near the Tuscan island of Giglio, before it went down.\"Out of the 202 crew members, 201 have been traced and are safe. One person is missing. We are coordinating with the Italian Government and trying to trace the missing crew,\" said Indian Embassy spokesperson Vishvesh Negi. Indian emvoy to Italy Debabatra Saha along with two Indian officials visited the accident spot and is coordinating the rescue operation.Foreign minister S M Krishna said India is making efforts to trace Rebello and is in touch with his brother Kevin who has reached Italy. \"We have directed our ambassador to Italy to visit the spot of the tragedy ... He is on his way there,\" he said. The ambassador has deputed two officials to assist Italian authorities to trace Terrance, Krishna said. \"We will share further information as and when we get it,\" he said.The luxury liner was carrying more than 4,200 people, many of whom were having dinner at the restaurant, when it hit a reef or a rock near Giglio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517157", "title": "Man looted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petrol pump owner was robbed of Rs 9 lakh by three miscreants in Najafgarh area of southwest Delhi on Monday. Gaurav Mittal, 30, a businessman was on his way to deposit the money in a bank along with his brother, police said. Near the bank, he was pushed by a miscreant, who managed to grab his bag. He fled with the other two miscreants who were waiting nearby, the police said.A Petrol pump owner was robbed off of lakhs of rupees by three assailants in Nazafgadh area of Southwest Delhi on Monday afternoon. The incident took place right outside a branch of Vijya bank in the area where unidentified men decamped with his bag. The victim businessman has been identified as Gaurav Mittal, 30. The businessman's bag contained around nine lakhs, police said.The cops said that Mittal was going to deposit money in the bank with his brother. Outside the bank , Mittal got off the car while his brother went to the market side. As Mittal headed towads the bank, two persons came and pushed him down on the road. One of the assailants screamed at his accomplice to shot at the businessman. In a bid to save himself and his money, Mittal tried to throw the bag away towards the bank and ran inside the premises.The accused however were able to get hold of the bag and get on their bike which their third accomplice was riding. The victim them made a PCR call and informed the cops about the incident.The cops said that they had registered a case of robbery and were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519133", "title": "IIT-K \u2018Techkriti\u2019 to begin from Jan 27", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur will organise Techkriti, the annual technological and entrepreneurial festival, from January 27 to 30. Over 5,000 students from various colleges like IITs, IIMs, NITs will be taking part in 38 events scheduled to be held during the festival.Festival coordinator Prashant Bafna had visualized 'carbon positive' Techkriti. Keeping in line with it, a plantation drive was conducted in December.Bafna told TOI that more than 300 saplings were planted within the campus and in the city to promote the need for a clean environment.Bafna said that Techkriti 2012 will be a bundle of competitions, talks, exhibitions, shows and workshops. Prizes worth Rs 25 lakh will be at stake in the various competitions which include SocCon, IDEAS, Wild Soccer, Scimatex, TakeOff, JK White Design Challenge, Robogames, Software Corner, Battlefield, ECDC, Insight, Endeavour, Gearloose, Junkyard Wars, Rube Goldberg, Tremor, Eureka, IORC, Stocksim, IOPC, Crypto, Episteme, Radioactive, Cosmos and many more.SocCon is the latest addition to the festival. It involves finding a problem being faced by the society and developing a technical solution to that problem. The event will be held in three rounds, the final round requiring the participants to present a working model of their idea.Many eminent personalities deliver talks, interact with students and share their experiences. Many shows and exhibitions will be organized and professional performances will increase the entertainment quotient of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518112", "title": "'Porvorim ticket will help honour my dead son'", "text": "PANAJI: Former Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) national secretary Jitendra Deshprabhu officially joined the Congress party on Monday. Explaining why he aimed to contest from Porvorim on the Congress ticket, Deshprabhu said he felt that his late son-who died in an accident at Sangolda in December 2008-indicated this to him.Speaking to mediapersons, Deshprabhu said, \"I lost my son in Porvorim and I feel that this was his way of telling me that the youngsters of that particular area want me to look after them, like I looked after my son. I feel that he tried to tell me that I need to develop the lives and look after the well-being of the Porvorim youth. In this way, I also aim to get closure.\" Stating that he had mentioned this in his application to the Congress high command when he re-joined the party, Deshprabhu said that he has no doubt that Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar would support and help him win the Porvorim seat.However, while Goa Pradesh Congress Party (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar welcomed Deshprabhu into the Congress party, he made it clear that not every Congress member would be given a ticket to contest the election.\"We had loaned Deshprabhu to the NCP to contest the 2009 Lok Sabha election, and now we have brought him back to the Congress,\" Shirodkar said, adding that the former NCP national secretary was always physically and mentally present with the Congress party.When asked whether Deshaprabhu's involvement in illegal mining would taint the image of the party, Shirodkar said, \"It will not have any effect on the Congress party.\"Shirodkar added that Deshprabhu's joining the party along with his supporters would, in fact, strengthen the Congress party's base in Mandrem and Pernem constituencies.Deshaprabhu, meanwhile, said that he had joined the NCP in 2009 only upon the directions of the Congress high command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519817", "title": "The Lone Rangers", "text": "HYDERABAD: With measured strides Faisal Yousufuddin plants himself firmly at station six of the vast Gachibowli Shooting Range. He searches the skies, visualizes his target as he cradles his Italian Beretta over-and-under shotgun just above waist high. Faisal is poised for action. \"Pull!\" he exclaims. Within moments, a 'clay' or 'bird' jets across. A graceful and fleeting motion of the arms raise the shotgun to eye level, the finger pulls the trigger and with a loud crack, the projectile is smashed to bits. From the barrel of the Beretta issues grey smoke. All this, within a fraction of a second.Faisal, a silver medalist at the prestigious G V Mavlankar Shooting Championship, is one of the many shooters from Hyderabad who have won laurels for the city at national shooting competitions. But the range these shooters use to perfect their sport lies in shambles.Shooting as a sport in Hyderabad received patronage during the Afro-Asian Games, a time when sporting fervour was at its peak. With skeet, trap and double trap ranges, the range at the University of Hyderabad boasted of state of the art facilities. This was a time when many became aware that shooting is actually a competition sport.But these were happier times for the sport. No sooner had the games concluded, the range was abandoned by the Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh (Saap) and wore a desolate look. The rickety skeet and trap throwing machines now screech for an upgrade. The untended foliage is more than ankle high. A lone gardener in khaki mows the dying and fading lawn with a decrepit lawnmower.\"Inaugurated in 2002, the range was truly world-class,\" says national shooting champion and record holder Amit Sanghi. \"The dynamics of the sport have changed and so have shooting techniques. The range needs throwing-machines technologically at par with ranges in other parts of India. The shooters pool in money for the maintenance of infrastructure. It is the love of the sport which drives them. Also, the Saap should engage the services of coaches at the range.\"Shooters from Hyderabad have won accolades in the shotgun, air rifle and pistol, rimmed fire and pistol, centre fire pistol and revolver, air rifle, .22 bore rifle and big bore rifle categories. But the laurels have failed to stir the powers that be.\"The apathy of Saap officials has compounded our woes,\" says renowned shot Gusti Noria. \"The state of the art Laporte skeet and trap machines at Dr Karni Singh Shooting and Patiala Shooting ranges in Delhi and Patiala throw new challenges at the shooter. The new machines have a shorter arm which give the projectile more spin and also increase the clay's initial velocity. The shooter is forced to think and react quicker. In order to be a better shooter, it is imperative to have better infrastructure. Also shooting in the evening drives us to our wits end. There are a lot of snakes around!\"The big-bore shooters complain that the only place where they can practice is at the army shooting range in Malkajgiri but have been asked to turn back on a few instances. Syed Akbar Nizamuddin Hussaini, himself a big-bore renowned shot, says that it gives him immense pleasure to say that Hyderabad boasts of quite a few accomplished marksmen. A renowned shot is one who scores four hundred and seventy five points out of six hundred according to the statues of National Rifle Association of India.Despite the poor infrastructure at ranges and bureaucratic tangles and the tightening of laws pertaining to firearms possession, these shooters still hold their ground. The gun, the glory and the swagger define their passion.The Afro-Asian Games shot the sport to prominence in the city. But no sooner had the games ended, the range was abandoned by the Saap", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519188", "title": "Metro land acquisition to be completed within a month", "text": "KOCHI: Speeding up the land acquisition procedures for the Kochi Metro project, the district administration will take over land from MG Road shopkeepers starting next week. District collector PI Sheik Pareeth said authorities have reached a consensus with the land owners on compensation and price of land.\"Shop owners on MG road have agreed to surrender their land for road widening without any protest. Initially there were public grievances and agitations against road widening in this stretch, which we have resolved every concern amicably,\" said Pareeth.Special tahsildar for land acquisition for Kochi Metro project Ittimani George said that about 42 shop owners on MG Road would be affected. \"After discussions with shop owners and the district administration, we have arrived at a tentative figure of Rs 34 lakh for a cent of land on MG Road. The rates will be finalized after the district level purchase committee meeting next week,\" he said adding that \"We expect that the land acquisition process to be completed within a month.\"The land acquisition department has initiated procedures for acquiring land in Banerji Road too starting from the High Court Junction to Madhava Pharmacy Junction. \"Survey and alignment works on this stretch have been completed. We are waiting for the district administration's nod so that we can finalize the compensation and complete the procedure,\" said the special tahsildar.Meanwhile, the land acquisition procedures for widening the Vyttila-Petta stretch have come to a standstill following public protest against the decision to acquire 30 metre of land instead of the proposed 26 metre. \"Initially the plan was to acquire 30 metre of land along the Vyttila-Petta stretch, which was later reduced to 26 metre after people agitated. But Kochi Metro Rail Limited wants to obey the state government's directive that cites 30 metre. We have convened a meeting with their officials to take a final decision in this regard,\" said the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519409", "title": "H R Bharadwaj takes charge as Kerala Governor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a simple and solemn function held at Raj Bhavan on Monday, Karnataka Governor H R Bharadwaj assumed additional charge as Kerala governor on Monday. Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court Justice Manjula Chellur administered the oath of office to the governor.Bharadwaj has been given additional charge as Kerala Governor M O H Farooq has gone on leave. Farooq, who is suffering from renal failure, is under treatment and dialysis in Chennai. Bharadwaj, accompanied by his wife Prafuluta Bharadwaj, reached the capital on Monday morning. Chief minister Oommen Chandy , speaker G Karthikeyan, ministers V S Sivakumar and K B Ganesh Kumar, mayor K Chandrika and chief secretary P Prabhakaran received the governor-designate at the airport.Ater the swearing-in ceremony, the new governor was felicitated by the chief minister, speaker, ministers A P Anil Kumar , K B Ganesh Kumar and V S Sivakumar, the chief secretary and DGP Jacob Punnoose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518992", "title": "'Honeymoon on the moon'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Theatre-cum-television actor, Abhay Singh Longia, has many wishes to complete before the doomsday. And being an actor, most of them have a filmy appeal. He wants to walk on the red carpet with his father on one side and mother on the other, go for the honeymoon on the moon and so on. But unlike others, he has more wishes for his family than for himself.His first wish is to gift a black hummer to his father and a bungalow in Mumbai, right next to Shah Rukh Khan's, to his mother. \"It is my dream to gift my parents the entire world, which will first include a black hummer for my dad and a big beautiful bungalow for my mother by the beach side, just like Shah Rukh Khan's.As a second wish, he wants a bright future for his two sisters, Bane Satbir Kaur and Sukhbir Kaur, and a well settled life for his cousins, Davinder Pal Singh and Satwinder Kaur. \"Both my sisters are in medical colleges. I wish that by some magic, their course ends within few days and they become doctors and get recruited with the world's best hospitals. I want to see them wearing the white coat before the world ends,\" said Abhay. Next in line is to have a joint family. \"Ten years ago, we all lived together, my uncles, aunts, cousins, grandparents everyone. I remember how much fun we had then and miss those moments a lot. But time changed everything. Now I wish to bring back the good old days,\" he added. He also wants to walk on the red carpet and receive an award for his work in movies, both Hollywood and Bollywood. \"I want to walk the red carpet with my parents by my side. And as I get the award, the lights should turn off and on a big projector, pictures of a 7-star hotel, named \"The Monsoon\", should come up. I would then hand over the keys of this hotel to my father, who has this dream to own a hotel with this name. Though my father already owns a hotel with the same name in Punjab, but I want to gift him a bigger one,\" he said.Last but not the least, he would like to propose to his someone special. \"I will go to my true love's house and propose her for marriage. In our dream wedding, 5,000 people will come, of whom 100 will be celebrities, 500 will be those whom I know and the rest would be those who know me,\" said Abhay.After wedding, he wishes to go on the moon for his grand honeymoon. \"There we would spend some good time and discover new things and then watch the world end. After everything on the earth is over, we would hold each other close and remove our oxygen masks as well with a wish to meet again in the next lifetime,\" he concluded his wish list with a typical Bollywood movie ending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11519877", "title": "BlackBerry won\u2019t reveal memo data", "text": "ISLAMABAD: BlackBerry maker Research In Motion (RIM) has rejected Pakistan's request for details of communications between former envoy Husain Haqqani and Mansoor Ijaz related to the memo scandal. RIM had informed the Pakistan government that under its privacy policy data could be released only if a request was made by customers involved in the communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518109", "title": "Goa Congman may contest as independent", "text": "PANAJI: Former Congress minister Venkatesh 'Bandu' Dessai said on Monday that he would contest the Valpoi seat as an independent if denied a Congress ticket.Dessai contested his first assembly election in 1999 from Valpoi constituency and won. However, in 2002, he lost to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate Narahari Haldankar. \"In 2007, I wanted to contest the election on a Congress ticket, but the Congress fielded Laximan Savordekar as its candidate and he withdrew his nomination at the last minute,\" said Dessai. Speaking to mediapersons, Dessai said, \"I have been a part of the Congress before health minister Vishwajit Rane. So I have decided to contest the assembly election on a Congress ticket.\" He added that he would also consider contesting on a BJP ticket if the party approaches him.Pledging his support to Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane who is likely to contest the assembly election against speaker Pratapsingh Rane, Dessai accused Vishwajit of distributing money in his constituency. \"I have taken down the number of the vehicle used to distribute the cash and I informed the office of the state election commission. No action has been taken,\" he added. Dessai said, \"Am I the health minister, health director or health officer to distribute bogus offer letters?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517326", "title": "Govt running dictatorship, says Adivasi rebel leader", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though chief minister Tarun Gogoi recently said that five Adivasi outfits would lay down arms by Republic Day, two Adivasi outfits - Birsa Commando Force (BCF) and Adivasi Cobra Force (ACF) - are yet to concede to Gogoi's announcement. Both the groups alleged that the state government did not contact them before making such an announcement.\"We have not decided about surrendering totally. If the government doesn't meet our demands, surrender is out of question. We want a separate Adivasi land and Scheduled Tribe status for Adivasis living in Assam. But the stalemate over the issues have not been resolved yet,\" said Durga Hasda, chairman of BCF.Coming down heavily on the chief minister, Hasda alleged that the state government is running a dictatorship. \"How can the government say something like that without taking our consent? We are ready to lay down our arms but not like this. The government must not take us for granted. We came to ceasefire only to negotiate, not to be ruled by them,\" said the outfit supremo.The BCF is on a ceasefire since 2004. Formed in 1997, the BCF, which has about 550 cadres, is demanding a separate Adivasi land, Scheduled Tribe (ST) status and security for the community.Echoing the same, ACF area commander Ranjit Murmu said, \"We are surprised to hear such an announcement from the chief minister. Delhi and Dispur have promised that they will fulfill our demands by September but they are still to act. We are discussing the matter and our future strategies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521601", "title": "Priya: No miniskirt? No role!", "text": "Chennai girl Priya - who was originally selected for Kannada flick Karodpathi - has backed out of the movie because she was asked to wear minis and hotpants in accordance with her role.The actress reportedly shot for just half a day before she decided that she didn't want to be part of the project. Director Sri Ramesh says the team was shocked as Priya was informed about her character when she had signed the project. \"During the script narration, our writer told Priya that her character was required to wear modern costumes. Priya had agreed to do it then, but developed cold feet when she came on the sets and was given her outfits,\" explains Ramesh, \"Even Juhi Chawla wore miniskirts and hotpants in Ravichandran's Premaloka and her look in the film is talked about and appreciated even today. That is also the brief we gave Priya - we wanted her to emulate Juhi.\"Priya, we hear, later confessed that while she had no objection to wearing glamorous clothes, her parents didn't approve of it. \"And since she didn't want to offend her parents, she chose to not do the film,\" states Ramesh, \"Now, we've found a new heroine in Jasmine Bhasin - who has previously acted in the Tamil film Vaanam - and the shoot is on,\" wraps up Ramesh.When we contacted Priya, she says, \"When the director and his team came to Chennai, they told me that my role would be a homely one. I had informed them right at the beginning that I wouldn't take up the film if it was a glamorous role. I was also told that I would be the solo heroine in the film. But when I came to Bangalore, I found out that my role was actually glamorous. Also, it wasn't a single-heroine film as they had told me, but one with two heroines. I didn't do the film because I am not comfortable with glamorous roles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11518889", "title": "Bhanwari's son refuses to accept govt job", "text": "JODHPUR: Nurse Bhanwari's son Sahil has refused to accept the job offered to him by the state government on compensatory grounds. He says that until his mother is proved dead beyond all doubts, it will be a selfish act on his part to accept the offer.\"I will prefer to wait until the report of the bones and teeth, recovered from the canal at Jaloda, comes in,\" Sahil told TOI on Monday a day after the state government announced a special package for him and his two sisters.The state government had offered Sahil a job in place of Bhanwari Devi and Rs 4 lakh to each of her two daughters on the basis of CBI's claim that the nurse is dead. The agency had officially confirmed about this before the Rajasthan High Court recently after collecting jewellery and other items and ashes from a crater and a canal in Jaloda village in Jodhpur rural.\"I do not believe that my mother is no more and would like to wait until the DNA report and other FSL reports do not confirm that these remains belong to my mother,\" said a desolate Sahil, who was in Jodhpur on Monday with his grandmother Pooni Devi and sister Ashwini to meet his father Amarchand, who was produced in the court.Though, the wrist watch and earring, recovered by the CBI from Jaloda canal and said to be belonging to his mother, have been identified by him, but even this does not bring him round the theory that his mother is dead and was disposed of in the canal.Sahil said that my family is important for me and not these perks, which have been declared for us by the government. \"I am grateful to the government for the concern but still I would like to disown them for the return of my parents,\" he added.Pooni Devi also breaks down just at the mentioning of her daughter-in-law. \"These four months have completely shattered my happy family. But I still heartily look forward to returning of my daughter-in-law and son,\" said Pooni Devi with Ashwini clasping her in endorsement.But bear of something untoward still haunts them. Sahil keeps moving out of his house for various purposes and keeps frequenting between Borunda and Jodhpur. \"A policeman always accompanies me besides one being at home\", said Sahil. Two policemen had been deployed at Bhanwari's house in Borunda for the purpose of the security of the family but were withdrawn later.\"I approached the police department and requested them to provide the police cover again, which the police accepted and provided two policemen, who remains at my house and one of them accompany whenever I go somewhere,\" said Sahil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518937", "title": "Cases for providing jobs on compassionate grounds pile up", "text": "JAIPUR: Four years after his father Heeralal Yadav died in harness, 20-year-old Rajesh Yadav is struggling to get a government job on compassionate grounds. Heeralal, who was posted at the public health and engineering department (PHED), died of a massive heart attack in 2008. So far, Rajesh has got only assurances from the government.With the government's prompt announcement of a job for Bhanwari's eldest son Sahil, many who are waiting in line for their jobs on the compassionate grounds are also demanding a swift action in their cases.\"It is good that the medical and health department has given a job for Bhanwari's son. But we too have been waiting for our jobs and our financial conditions are no better than her family. So why are the authorities taking it so long for us?\" asked Bhawani Singh, son of another deceased of PHED employee.According to sources, there are pending cases for providing jobs on compassionate ground in most of the government departments but the situation is alarming in the government undertaking boards and corporations.\"There are at least 10 cases in our department where dependents are still waiting for jobs after their fathers died. But the officials are sitting on the files for the past many years without taking any action. We can only hope that the same justice is given to their families as it is given to others,\" said one of the union officials of Rajasthan Tourism and Development Corporation (RTDC).As per law, if a government employee dies, the dependent is absorbed by the department concerned. In case there are no vacancies or the dependent is not eligible for any of the posts in that department, the name is then referred to the department of personnel (rules). However, boards and corporations, which are undertakings of the state government like RTDC, are not part of the policy.\"We only act as a nodal agency and keep record where the vacancies are and provide employment as per the eligibility. Our rules are only applicable to the state government departments,\" said Khemraj, principal secretary, department of personnel.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , in the last budget session, announced that dependents of the deceased employees of boards and corporations will also be given employment. The bureau of public enterprises compiling the announcement even issued orders in this regard in May 2011. Since all boards and corporations come under the Governor of the state, the Governor by-laws were modified. However, the dependents are still waiting for implementation of the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11518130", "title": "Youth held for duping another in Deori tehsil", "text": "GONDIA: An offence of cheating has been registered against a youth from village Bhagi near Chichgarh for taking money from another youth with the promise of getting him a government job.The case has been registered against Trilok Yadaw (26) of Dongargarh in Rajnandgaon district in Chhattisgarh on Saturday at Chichgarh police station. The youth has been arrested.The complaint was lodged by unemployed youth Arun Walde of village Bhagi under Deori tehsil.He said Yadaw told him that there was a vacancy in the 'devaluation' department of Central Government, and Walde could get a job there provided he shelled out some amount. So Walde paid Yadaw Rs1.2 lakh and kept waiting for some appointment letter, which never came.In the meantime, Yadaw kept assuring Walde that some or the other problem was delaying the appointment. Ultimately, when Walde himself tried to find the department, he was told that there was no such department. So he filed a complaint with Chichgarh police station on January 14. The offence was registered and Yadaw was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519445", "title": "Assistant grade rank holders to move HC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The rank holders of assistant grade examination held for recruitment to Kerala University have decided to move the high court fearing setback to their job prospects. The association of rank holders said that they would appeal against the Lok Ayukta's recommendation last month to scrap the rank-list of test conducted to assistant grade citing rampant nepotism.\"People in the rank-list who are yet to be appointed will move the court. The validity of the list will expire in April and we are seeking a respite before that,\" said Narayana Pillai, a patron of the association. He said that even though 151 persons have been already posted, more than 400 vacancies are yet to be filled. \"We are not against the university or the government. We want a solution to our problem as those in the rank-list are innocent job seekers\", he said.The list of those who passed the exam was put out and interview to fill the vacancies was held in 2007 during the previous LDF rule. The test was conducted during the previous Congress-led government.It was alleged that out of the 160 candidates who were posted, 60 of them were close to the Left political leaders. In 2008, the then Upa Lok Ayukta justice N Krishnan Nair had ordered the annulment of the list. Later the aggrieved people and the university approached the high court seeking a stay on the directive.The court then constituted a committee to go through the case and asked the Lok Ayukta to go into the case once again by including the version of the aggrieved. The committee also had concluded that the appointments lacked transparency.Meanwhile, the University Syndicate, which met here, has decided not to appeal against the Lok-Ayukta verdict. \"Though we are supported by employees' organizations, we are moving the court on our own,\" Narayana Pillai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11519714", "title": "Team Anna members to be the part of Himachal's Lokayukta", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Himachal Lokayukta would have three members from Anna Hazare's team. The state would also implement the suggestions made by the anti-corruption crusader himself. This was stated by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal while addressing mediapersons at the mini secretariat. He said that the new Lokayukta would take oath on February 3. \"We are in touch with them and they have agreed for the inclusion of their members in Himachal's Lokayukta institution. Three state officials would also be a part of it,\" he added.Dhumal said that the government will implement the suggestions given by Anna Hazare's team to eradicate corruption and to make the system more effective.Justice (retd) L S Panta would take over as the new Lokayukta next month. He is a retired Supreme Court judge and is also chairman of the National Green Tribunal. Suggestions made by the members of civil society will be incorporated in the Lokayukta after Justice (Retd) Panta assumes office.The chief minister's office also comes under the purview of the Lokayukta. The Himachal Pradesh Lokayukta Act, 1983, would be amended to incorporate suggestions made by members of civil society to strengthen the Lokayukta and give it more teeth for dealing effectively with complaints of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11519376", "title": "Hackers hit Israel after Hamas call", "text": "JERUSALEM: The websites of Israel's stock exchange and national carrier, El Al, were hacked on Monday by pro-Palestinian hacker group, \"Nightmare\" , a day after Islamist Hamas called upon to instensify cyber war against the Jewish state.The recent attack follows a wave of similar hacking attacks in which credit card information of thousands of Israelis were released by a hacker, claming to be Saudi.\"The penetration into Israeli websites opens a new front for electronic resistance and war against the Israeli occupation,\" Hamas spokesperso, Sami Abu Zuhri , said on Sunday. While El Al's website could not load at all, the stock exchange was only presenting trade figures, without the possibility to perform any other action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11517269", "title": "Pipili justice cry reaches a cresendo", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Public outcry over police 'inaction' in the alleged gang rape of a girl at Pipili in Puri district reached a crescendo on Monday with diverse groups of people hitting the streets here, demanding action against the culprits.The echo of protests was felt in New Delhi too, with a group of students of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) staging a demonstration in front of chief minister Naveen Patnaik's residence in the national capital on Monday. Naveen is currently in Delhi to meet some Union ministers.\"The state government should act tough against the culprits and those shielding the accused,\" said Manoranjan Mohapatra, a JNU-NSUI leader.Naveen, who recently ordered a judicial inquiry into the incident, said, \"Whosoever is found guilty will face stringent action. The government is taking steps to provide her (the rape victim) best medical facility.\"In Bhubaneswar, opposition political parties, civil society organizations, human rights activists, lawyers, journalists and writers took out a huge rally under the banner of Odisha Gana Samaja and submitted a memorandum to the governor. The protesters included a woman, who was allegedly gang raped in Paikamal area of Bargarh district in 2009, sources said.The agitators demanded a CBI probe into the incident. \"Instead of the crime branch of the state government, the case should be handed over to the CBI immediately for inquiry,\" said Rabi Das of Odisha Gana Samaja.Senior BJP leader Bijay Mohapatra pulled up the state government over the announcement of judicial inquiry into the sensational case. \"We straightaway rejected the judicial inquiry. It is nothing but a charade. The state government is trying to cover up the issue,\" Mohapatra said.The protesters went all out in targeting the state agriculture minister and Pipili MLA, Pradeep Maharathy, in the eye of the storm for allegedly harbouring the accused, though the minister has been refuting the allegations. \"The minister has no moral right to occupy the minister's seat. He should quit immediately,\" said Yudhistir Samantaray, a senior Congress leader and former MLA of Pipili.Some Congress leaders here brought out another rally demanding CBI inquiry into the case. The protesters burnt Maharathy's effigy.Earlier, the protesters had a tussle with police when they were not allowed to march towards Raj Bhavan. Police used force to stop the protesters near AG Square and restricted movement of traffic along the route for the rally. Tension mounted after police picked up a youth on charges of molesting a female constable. The man, a city-based social activist, was part of the rally. Till reports last reached, no police complaint was filed in this connection, however.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11520028", "title": "Yellow disease eats up all areca plants", "text": "SHIMOGA: Thousands of Areca growers in the Malenad belt covering Shimoga, Chikamgalur, and part of North Canara districts are a panicked lot. They fear the rapid spread of yellow disease in their areca gardens, which has spoiled most of the plants and caused heavy losses. The economy for people in this region depends on areca plants.According to an estimate, more than 3,000 hectares of crops have been infected with this disease, due to which the crop yield, which used to be 30 quintals per hectare has reduced to 250 kg. The loss runs to several crores.The disease, which was prevalent for 30 years would affect some gardens occasionally. But from past one year, it has become rampant, leaves many acres completely destroyed. This has left many growers in the lurch.Rame Gowda, a small garden holder in Kamamradi, said the only solution left is to commit suicide.The yellow disease first affects the tender flower bunch of areca, then it slowly turns the leaf yellow, gradually the virus spreads to the entire plant making it totally inactive. Farmers said they tried everything suggested by experts like spraying insecticides, using mixtures and adopting preventive measures. But the fury of this virus cannot be stopped.The three Areca Research Centres instituted by the government two years ago at Shimoga, Shrengri and Theerthahlli have not done any work to reduce farmers' sufferings. Scientists when contacted said they are working on it but have not been successful in their efforts.Devaraj, president, Grower's Association, said, \"The government should stop collecting repayment of their loans. They should announce packages to assist farmers. The situation is becoming worse.\" Several farmers groups staged protest and are holding regular dharnas at Shrengeri, Koppa, Sagar and in Theerthahlli for a week. They warned the governments that if no immediate relief is available, growers will be forced to take a grave step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519192", "title": "Special immunization drive extended", "text": "KANPUR: After the fall in the state's ranking in the national immunization programme, the Uttar Pradesh government and health authorities have asked the district health officials to regularly conduct the immunization drives which were initially conducted twice a week. The district health department had decided to extend the ongoing immunization drive for 30 days.The fourth common review mission (CRM) report-2010 of National rural health mission found gaps in the immunization coverage in several states, including UP. The decline in the percentage of fully immunized children is a cause of concern. Children in the age group of 12 to 23 months, who have got all the routine vaccines such as one dose of BCG, three doses of DPT/OPV and one dose of measles vaccine, are considered fully immunized.Immunization is one of the most cost effective strategies for reducing childhood morbidity and mortality. Many states had shown improvement in the immunization programme over the past decade. However, some districts have been pulling down the state's average. There is a need of more focus on immunization in these districts.After the declaration of UP as the lowest immunized state, the state health authorities have asked the medical authorities of all the districts and villages to launch the special immunization drive after listing the target areas. This drive was initially decided to be launched from December 15 to January 15, where all the immunizations centres located at various CHCs and PHCs were asked to immunized the children.If the sources are to be believed, even after launching the special immunization drive, the district is still lagging in immunization percentage. To improve this, the monthlong special vaccination drive has been extended for 30 days.However, the district health authorities denied all the claims of poor immunization status and nil vaccination at some immunization centres. Meanwhile, the health officials were unable to reply when asked that if the district had attained the 100 per cent immunization, then why this special immunization drive has been extended for more 30 days.\"We ensure that every newly born and mother get proper and timely vaccination. But because of ignorance, many children are not getting vaccinated. Hence, in order to administer vaccination to every child, we were asked to launch a door-to-door vaccination drive all across the district as well as in the nearby villages,\" chief medical officer Jai Singh said.He said that the district had attained 95 per cent immunization status and to attain 100 immunized rank, one more month had been dedicated to special immunization drive. It will be conducted on all working days at every immunization centre.\"For this only purpose, as many as 150 ASHA's and Anganwadi workers have been engaged. They will administer the important and primary vaccinations to every child from the age of 0 to 6 years. The will be carried out in 240 slums and small townships in the city, where the maternal and child death rate is high,\" CMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11522452", "title": "Infosys CFO hints at single-digit pay hike", "text": "BANGALORE: The IT sector's offshore salary increases this year are unlikely to be in double digit percentages.Infosys Technologies CFO V Balakrishnan said during an analyst call that though a better picture would emerge only in April, the prevailing business environment suggests that pay increases would be in high single digits. Last year Infosys gave a 10-12 % increase in salary.Over the last several years, barring during the 2008-09 financial crisis, the IT sector has given double-digit hikes to employees. Last year Wipro gave a 12-15 % raise and TCS 12-14 %.Nomura analysts Ashwin Mehta and Pinku Pappan estimate that the salary increase would moderate from historical double-digit levels to 7-8 % in 2012-13 , with possibility of deferment if things were to worsen.Ganesh Murthy, CFO of Mphasis , said that given the European worries and slower growth, salary increases would be moderate.There are already industry wide trends of reduced attrition levels across companies , slower hiring, and employees preferring to stay put on the perceived safety of their existing jobs. At senior levels, there are instances of cuts in the variable part of the pay package.Amitabh Das, CEO of recruitment firm Vati Consulting , said that though the rupee depreciation has bolstered operating margins for IT companies, wage inflation could dent margins in a difficult business environment. Nevertheless he felt that company specific issues might have impacted Infosys's results, and drawing a judgment on pay hikes based on their forecasts might not be accurate.Some other IT executives, who did not want to be quoted as their companies are in a silent period ahead of their quarterly results, say that salary increases would not be sharply less than last year. Even if the industry shifts to a lower growth trajectory, the salary package would be vital to retaining employees. The fear is not just of rival IT companies , but also other sectors of the Indian economy.The results of other IT companies in the coming days will perhaps throw a clearer picture about salary increases in the coming year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11516789", "title": "Assembly polls: Team Anna to hit campaign trail from Jan 21", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna will begin its poll campaign from January 21 in all five poll bound states, spending the maximum amount of time in Uttar Pradesh. Activist Anna Hazare , who is currently recovering at Ralegaon Siddhi, may campaign in Uttar Pradesh at a later stage though there are no firm plans yet.The team, including Arvind Kejriwal , Gopal Rai, Manish Sisodia, Kumar Vishwas among others, will start their travel from Saturday. Other members including Prashant Bhushan and Kiran Bedi will join the group in the coming weeks. The activists will start with Uttarakhand and Punjab, spending a major part of February in UP.However, they will not target any single party during the campaign but put forward the need for a strong Lokpal. \"During these tours, the response of various parties to the movement and their stand on Lokpal bill will be told to the people. People will be encouraged to ask all parties whether they will bring a strong Lokayukta bill. The movement will not ask people to vote in favour or against any particular party. It will be left to their wisdom,\" a Team Anna spokesperson said.Sources said Hazare will also address some rallies but it will depend on his health.The first state Team Anna will visit is Uttarakhand, where they will tour for three days till January 23 followed by Punjab for two days on January 24 and 25. After this, they will return to Uttarakhand and tour on January 27 and 28.\"The month of February has been primarily dedicated to Uttar Pradesh elections, which Team Anna will visit from February 2nd till February 25,\" a Team Anna spokesperson said. The tour programme will coincide with the different phases of election in UP. On February 28, 29 and March 1, the campaign will be in Goa.\"The nitty-gritties of the visit like the cities which Team Anna will visit, the members visiting the rallies, are yet to be finalized. The campaign meetings in different cities are being organized by small committees that are being formed especially for this purpose,\" the spokesperson said.Team Anna had faced criticism for its anti-Congress stand earlier and it revised its stand early this month after a meek response to Hazare's protest in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517090", "title": "Met predicts clear Tuesday, dense fog by weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: Predicting fog might have been problematic for the Met department this time, but it was spot on as far as rainfall was concerned. Under the impact of a western disturbance affecting the western Himalayan region and northwest India, Delhi experienced rainfall on Sunday night and a clear Monday morning as strong winds ensured that fog kept away.\"Conditions are favourable for dense fog formation though it continues to remain quite windy. Tuesday morning should also be clear and dense fog may set in within the next few days,\" said R K Jenamani, director in charge, IGI Met.The Safdarjung Observatory recorded 4.2mm rainfall till 8.30am on Monday. The maximum temperature came down to 20.3 degrees Celsius, a sharp fall from Sunday's high of 25.6 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 10.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. \"The day was marked by cloudy phases when it became chilly. Once the sun was out, however, the day was quite pleasant,\" said a Met official. Most areas in the city saw minimum temperatures surge above normal. Areas where the minimum was over 13 degrees were Pitampura, Najafgarh, Akshardham and Ridge.The Met department has predicted that rain and snow can be expected in most places in the western Himalayan region in the next 24 hours after which the intensity will reduce. Rain and thundershowers may occur at a few places in northwest India for another day after which the weather will turn quite dry and the minimum temperature will fall by 3-6 degrees in the next 2-3 days leading to cold wave conditions.Officials said that hailstorms were also possible over some places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, north Rajasthan and western UP in the next 24 hours.Sources said that another active WD was expected around January 21 and 22, which would also possibly bring rain and snow over northwest India.On Monday, minimum temperatures rose by 2-6 degrees over some parts of Punjab, Haryana, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Uttarakhand. Several areas other than Delhi, including Punjab, Haryana and northwest UP, experienced rainfall. Many areas in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal and Uttarakhand also witnessed snow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519982", "title": "14 associates of Madani shifted to Belgaum jail", "text": "BANGALORE: Fourteen close associates of 2008 Bangalore blasts main accused Abdul Nasser Madani have been shifted from the Central Prison in Parappana Agrahara here to Belgaum jail and housed in different cells.The 14 undertrials are also accused in the blasts case.The move came after jail officials found them using mobile phones regularly and thought that they could be a huge security risk. It also leaves 46-year-old Madani, president of People's Democratic Party (PDP) and accused number 31 in Bangalore serial blast, alone in his cell.Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) KV Gagandeep told TOI that the 14 accused were being housed in separate cells in Belgaum jail. The ADGP added: \"They were regularly using mobile phones. What if they are conspiring something serious? We did not want to take chances and decided to shift them.\" However, Madani had to be retained in Bangalore as he should be provided medical treatment as per the Supreme Court directive.The ADGP said that over 51 convicts from the Parappana Agrahara prison had also been moved to different jails in the state. \"We have shifted most of the troublemakers like Korangu Krishna and his gangsters. They were creating havoc inside the jail. They even had the audacity to plan attacks on the jail police,\" he said.Gagandeep said he has identified a few \"black sheep\" in the prisons department who were helping these convicts. \"If a convict is enjoying facilities like mobile and ganja, it only means that some jail officials are helping them. It is high time these erring officials were transferred,\" he said.Further, he added that a new jammer will be installed in the jail at the earliest. \"If we succeed in installing a powerful mobile jammer, 50% of our work will become easy. Many convicts are involved in all kinds of wheeling-dealings including land transactions,\" he said and added \"Some dreaded convicts are also hatching conspiracies from inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11518423", "title": "Geared for new tourney", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Steffi Kala, part of the state badminton team for national championship (seniors) to be held in Bangalore, Karnataka, from January 19 to 23, is ready to take up the new challenge.Eighteen-year-old Steffi is enthusiastic and confident of winning a medal in the national tournament. She will have to compete with the best players of the country and it would be a great exposure for her.After this tournament in February, Steffi would take part in the junior national badminton championship that would be held in Jaipur, Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521691", "title": "Ahmed Afzal turns director", "text": "This mechanical engineer with a B Tech from Jamia University came to Mumbai armed with a script, nursing big Bollywood dreams.Now, Ahmed Afzal, younger brother of Anusha Rizvi of Peepli Live fame, will make his directorial debut with Lucky Unlucky starring Mallika Sherawat and Sonu Sood, to be produced by Ajay Dhama and Sonu Sood.Anusha encouraged Ahmed to try his luck in B-town although it took him nearly three years to meet the right people. \"My script is mostly from my own experience. With jats and gujjars as friends , it has those mannerisms and quirky jokes,\" reveals Ahmed.Currently on the 24th draft of Lucky Unlucky, he adds, \"We intend to start shooting soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11519352", "title": "BJP promises crime-free society", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Monday promised a crime-free society and transparent governmence in its vision document released by the party's national president Nitin Gadkari on Monday. The document details the BJP mission to make UP a front-ranking state by following the path of good governance, development and social justice and is equivalent to election manifesto. Gadkari also promised one crore job if BJP voted to power.The central point of the document titled 'Hamare Sapnon Ka Uttar Pradesh - Naya Uttar Pradesh, Sarvottam Uttar Pradesh', is slogan 'Na ugaahi, Na gundayi; Na mehangaayi, Na bhrashtachar; Na shoshan, Na kuposhan; Paaradarshita doordarshita hogi saakaar; Hum denge saaf-suthari sarkar (No extortion raj, no goonda raj; no price rise, no corruption; no exploitation, no malnutrition; transparency and accountability are our watchwords; we pledge to give a clean, honest and effective government). The Vision Document was prepared by a 24-member committee headed by senior party leader and former UP assembly speaker Keshari Nath Tripathi.Releasing the document, Gadkari said that the it was inspired by former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's optimistic assertion, which he had made a decade ago, that \"Uttar Pradesh is not a bimaru (sick) state but a jhujhaaru (valiant) state. It has the potential to become a sarvottam (front-ranking) state.\"The document speaks of `Good Governance and Clean Politics'. Gadkari said that the BJP is solemnly committed to practice and promote Good Governance (sushasan) whenever and wherever the people give us their mandate, be it in panchayat, municipal, assembly or parliament elections.The document also speaks of Integral Development without social and regional disparities. It speaks of ending disparities haunting the regions like Poorvanchal and Bundelkhand which are the most backward, both socially and economically. The document favours the Swadeshi model and intends to alter the present west-influenced development paradigm in India. The party has also laid its focus on Ganga and other holy rivers, while claiming of restoring them to their pristine glory. ``This cannot be done by the usual and useless bureaucratic measures such as the Ganga Action Plan. Success in such initiatives comes only with active and enthusiastic people's participation,'' Gadkari said.The document laid emphasis on development of pilgrims and important places of patriotic pilgrimage that are associated with the heroes and martyrs of 1857 war of Independence and the subsequent struggle for India's independence.The vision document then goes on to stress on the issue of social justice and social harmony. The fragmentation, said Gadkari, of society on caste, sub-caste and religious lines in Uttar Pradesh is a matter of deep concern.This has been greatly exacerbated by the casteist politics of SP and BSP on the one hand, and by the politics of minoritism practiced by these two parties as well as by the Congress, he added.``We are not against any caste, we are against casteism...Our credo is: Sab jaati samaan, Sab jaati mahaan,'' he said. The party, Gadkari said, is against minoritism while ensuring justice and security for Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519245", "title": "Price hike: Medical shops raided", "text": "KOCHI: The intelligence wing of the Drugs Controller's Office has conducted raids in select medical shops across the state. The officials inspected the medical shops run by the office-bearers of a faction of the All Kerala Chemists and Druggists Association which has been opposing the government's decision to control drug price.The raid was held in around ten shops across Kerala. \"It was just a random check. There is a misunderstanding that we are against the government's decision to fix the price,\" says Antony Tharyan, secretary of the faction which supports J S Shinde, president of All India Organisation of Chemists and Druggists. For several years AKCDA has almost become non-functional because of factional feud. The process of election of the office-bearers is going on, and court has ordered not to use the name of AKCDA till it is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517724", "title": "Nitish likely to campaign in UP, Punjab elections", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar is expected to campaign for JD(U) nominees in a few assembly constituencies in UP. His Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi is also being drafted by the BJP for an aggressive campaign. Interestingly, the two parties which are allies at the national level and in Bihar, have no alliance in UP.Asked if he will be pitched against Modi on UP's electoral turf, Nitish's cryptic reply was, \"I will campaign, if the JD(U) desires. But I can't say anything about anybody else.\"JD(U) president Sharad Yadav said that his party would contest all the seats in UP on its own.He also hinted that Nitish will be party's star campaigner. The party has planned to influence the voters in the neighbouring state with the image of Nitish and his various landmark initiatives in Bihar. Nitish, who is still busy with his Seva Yatra and round off the first phase on January 21, said he will think about campaigning after that. Party sources said that he has also been requested to campaign in Punjab by CM Prakash Singh Badal for his party Shromani Akali Dal, also an NDA constituent.JD(U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwari said that in view of the Bihari voters in certain constituencies, Badal has sent formal invitation to Nitish. He is expected to travel to Punjab in the last round of electioneering. Nitish had stumped for SAD earlier, too.For UP, the JD(U) is likely to chalk out Nitish's campaign tour after January 21 and it is expected to be limited to the constituencies bordering Bihar.The JD(U) campaign veers around the works done by Nitish in Bihar, particularly in providing a good governance and numerous welfare schemes, bettering law and order, establishing rule of law in the state known for lawlessness and bad governance.Party sources said that Yadav has already discussed the strategy with Bihar JD(U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh and suggested names of some leaders who could be sent to UP. They include Tiwari, RCP Singh, Monazir Hasan, all MPs, besides ministers Bhim Singh , Narendra Singh, Renu Kumari Kushwaha and others.This is the first time the JD(U) is contesting assembly polls in UP all alone. In 2007, the party had alliance with Apna Dal of Sonelal Patel. The JD(U) initially wanted to contest in alliance with the BJP, but the saffron party refused to give as many seats as the JD(U) wanted. The JD(U) has two members in the out-going assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11518425", "title": "Maoists recruited by threat or lure, say surrendered rebels", "text": "MIDNAPORE: From paying off an ailing father's medical bills and eliminating sworn enemies to death threats - Maoists resort to every tactics to rope in new recruits. And if the accounts of four surrendered Maoists are any indication, it's everything but ideology that forced them to take up arms against their own people.Squad members Lombodar Majhi, Bhojohari Mahato, Karan Koiborto and Sukdeb Mahato had surrendered before chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Jhargram on January 12 and were allowed by police to speak to the media in Midnapore on Monday. They said they were quickly disillusioned with the Maoists.Balarampur resident Majhi, 31, is a prize catch because he had worked with Kishanji. As a platoon deputy commander, he was given an SLR. Inducted in the Maoist ranks in 2006, Majhi is accused in 11 cases, including murder. Today, he says he doesn't know why he joined the rebels. \"I never liked the CPM,\" he explains.Majhi was initially with Jharkhand Mukti Morcha but switched to Trinamool Congress and even contested the 2008 panchayat election on a Trinamool ticket. He lost, spurring a CPM backlash, he claims.\"It was around the same time that I met Rajaram Soren (now a surrendered Maoist), who explained that their fight was also against CPM,\" he said. Majhi's sworn enemies - Yudhistir Mondal, Madan Mondal and Sudarshan Mandi -were incidentally murdered by Maoists.Purulia resident Bhojohari Mahato alias Bharat, who joined the Maoists in November 2010, says he was disillusioned very quickly. \"The Maoists are against development. Why else would they stop development work here? They have also weakened now,\" says Mahato. He claims he joined the rebel ranks because they gave him the desperately-needed Rs 5,000 to treat his father.\"I didn't like what I saw there. All nine girls in our squad were physically tortured, which I couldn't accept. So I contacted the deputy SP intending to surrender,\" he said. He handed in a .303 rifle.Sukdeb Mahato alias Badal is also a big catch because he was directly recruited by Sashadhar Mahato, a close Kishanji aide. Sashadhar had met Sukdeb soon after he was released after nine months behind bars on a murder charge. \"He said that police would re-arrest me and the only thing that could stop it was joining the Maoists,\" Sukdeb said. The Salboni youth was with the PWG and is accused in six cases. Sashadhar was killed by security forces in March last year.Karan Koiborto, on the other hand, eulogised Maoists and was the face behind a local cable production in Purulia 'Hello Maowadi, Bolo Maowadi'. He is accused in the brutal murder of seven Forward Bloc activist and several encounters with CoBRA forces. He claims he joined the rebels because Maoist squad commander Ranjit Pal threatened to kill him if he did not.IGP (Western Zone) Gangeshwar Singh said, \"All four were attracted by the surrender package announced by the chief minister. They wanted to surrender before the CM.\" According to the state's policy, they will be allowed to stay at a place of their choice (a safe refuge), would be given financial compensation plus a fixed deposit of Rs 3 lakh each, Singh said. \"They also are accused in multiple legal cases, which are being studied and adequate action will be taken. It will, however, take some time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517335", "title": "CCTV grabs help crack 2 robberies", "text": "MUMBAI: The VP Road police arrested a couple on Saturday for stealing and then misusing an ATM card. The wife, Rohini Loke, worked as a security guard in a Girgaum-based company and stole the card from a colleague.\"Loke opened the locker and stole the card and the diary where the victim had written the PIN,\" said inspector Digambar Bidwe. Loke's husband then withdrew Rs. 13,000 from her account using a Bank of Baroda ATM in Shivaji Park. The cops analyzed the CCTV footage and showed it to the victim who instantly recognized the man as her friend's husband. The duo has been arrested and remanded in police custody till January 20.In a separate case, CCTV footage proved invaluable to the cops who solved a robbery within 24 hours. A mobile was stolen from an imitation jewellery shop on Saturday and the victim registered a complaint. After checking the footage, the police identified the culprit to be a habitual offender who had been arrested several times in the past as well. Sagar Mirdodi was arrested on Sunday and has been remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11519132", "title": "Novelists talk about their new works during book fest", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Noted writers Sethu and Anand had an open discussion about their new novels with readers here on Monday.They were taking part in a discussion held as part of the International Book Fair (INBOFA 2012), organized by the Mahatma Gandhi University.Sethu's Marupiravi is about the Jewish community who left Chendamangalam following the formation of Israel . The novel talks about the old port city of Kodungalloor.Anand's talk was based on his short novel Dweepukalum theerangalum. \"The messages in myths and epics have to be reinterpreted today to enable men fight for justice,\" said Anand. A workshop on 'Science Information Literacy and Scholarly Writing' will be held at 10am on Tuesday. It will be inaugurated by science and technology department principal secretary professor V N Rajasekharan Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11517275", "title": "Forest officials stop Bulbul fights", "text": "ROURKELA: Forest officials of Sundargarh district put a stop to Bulbul fights on Makar Sankranti this year by raiding several places in the district and freeing three birds caged by different persons.On the direction of the Bonei DFO Arun Kumar Mishra, forest officials went to Gobindpur, Ghosara, Sarsara and Indupur villages that are popular for the Bulbul fights. They also warned villagers of legal action if they indulged in the practice , apart from seizing the birds. \"The persons indulging in Bulbul fights can be booked under the Wildlife Protection Act because these birds are listed under Schedule IV,\" Mishra said.The forest officials also carried out an awareness campaign. \"We are glad that the people of the locality have responded to our call and stopped the fights of Red vented Bulbul,\" Mishra said. They people expressed their ignorance of the existence of any such law and understood the importance of saving the life of this rare species, he added.During Makar Sankranti celebrations, many events, including sports and athletics, are organized in Bonei sub-division. The Bulbul, locally called Champa, fight is a special attraction since ages and locals bet over the birds. \"Champa bird fight during celebration of Makar Sankranti has been an age-old tradition in our locality. But now people have understood the importance of law after intervention of forest officials and will restrain from these activities,\" said Damburu Kisan, a local of Bonei.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518486", "title": "Realtors demand incentives to go eco-friendly", "text": "KOLKATA: Talk of the need to go green and stakeholders see red.On Monday, the city's builder community, civic officials and bureaucrats wasted a golden opportunity to grab the bull by the horns and adopt a sustainable growth model.Instead, realtors demanded incentives for making that extra effort to go green. Civic officials said the latest building rules had carrots dangling for builders. Bureaucrats did the balancing act and called for a consensus-based approach instead of pushing through the green building rating system.It may be asked what exactly is a green building? It is one that aims to minimize demand for electricity, water and other natural resources in construction, operation and demolition and grows its own food on site. It generates all its electricity on site through renewable means and caters to water demands through sustainable processes such as rain water harvesting.Santosh Rungta of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) mooted the creation of a central fund on the lines of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) that states could tap into and pass to builders that promote green buildings.\"It could be 2-3% relaxation in FSI or fast tracking of projects to reduce costs. The government and civic officials need to provide incentives to the builder community as an encouragement to make higher capital investment in green buildings,\" Rungta said.CREDAI advisor P Hota, while acknowledging that adoption of green technology was desirable, said,felt it was essential to enumerate how they would translate it in terms of cost.\"There is a need to list out non-cost features that can be easily incorporated as well as additional cost requirements so that one can compute the addition or reduction in per sq ft construction cost. Ultimately, the product has to be affordable.\" said Hota.Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) commissioner Arnab Roy remarked the indigenous Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment (GRIHA) norms had become fashionable but was yet to find its way into the civic acts and building rules. \"We have no definition of green building yet. There is a need to synthesize the GRIHA norms to arrive at what is required in our urban environment to reduce construction cost and enhance efficiency,\" he said.While insisting that the civic body was keen on sustainable development, he said KMC would aim for voluntary compliance to GRIHA norms in the short term and work towards a consensus on least factors that need to be complied with mandatorily in the long term to reduce environmental damage.KMC director general (building) Debasish Kar, though, clarified that the 2009 building bylaws already offered 15% relaxation on ground coverage for emergency services. that could be extended to sustainable environment.\"We can provide relaxations on a case by case basis. But a blanket incentive is not possible because we don't want it to be misused,\" he said.State environment secretary RPS Kahlon did feel differently and called for more urgent mitigation measures. But he stopped short of demanding GRIHA norms be made mandatory. \"The real threat will come from tier-II cities that will be the maximum urbanization. Unless we manage the growth properly with low-carbon models, we have a problem on our hands,\" he warned.RK Pachauri, director general of The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) that was instrumental in preparing the green building norms that has separate energy performance benchmarks for air conditioned and non-AC spaces and specifics that cater to varied climatic zones in India,felt it was vital that people realized the urgency of incorporating the normsso that the construction sector does not get locked in inefficiency.\"It is a myth that adoption of green norms will lead to increased capital expenditure. In several cases, the actual investment goes down. In case it is higher, the difference will be 4-5%. But the operational cost will be substantially lower due to reduction in energy use. Power reduction will range from 45% to 60% for buildings rated 1 star to 5 stars. Similarly for water, the savings will be 35-40%,\" Pachauri said.According to him, it was lack of awareness and misconceptions that led to builders' reluctance to adopt green norms.\"If we shift to green buildings, the accumulated savings in emission will be 6 giga tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent by 2030. The country is facing a huge energy security challenge. If we do not alter the model and continue to do business as usual, the cost of energy will become unbearable. By 2031, we would have to import 750 tonne of oil and 1,300 tonne of coal annually. In addition to the import costs are the additional investment is logistics like port and transport,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11519138", "title": "Thorny shrubs to shoo wild animals", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The forest department in the state has come out with an eco-friendly alternative to electric fences. Under the new plan, the electric fences that are usually laid to ward off wild elephants from attacking farmlands and populated areas will be replaced with Agave Sisalana, a throny shrub.These plants have sword-shaped leaves that are 1.5-2 metre tall. The department is planning to plant it as fencing on an experimental basis in Nilambur and Karulai forest range. Divisional forest officer C V Rajan said the project will be extended to other parts of the state as the plan has been successful in some parts of the districts.\"The Agave fencing is effective in some parts of Wayanad but we are not sure about its effectiveness in other parts of the state. So we are trying it out here,\" he said. The method is expected to be a permanent solution for farmers who farmlands are under threat from wild animals.The different range offices of the department have a nursery of 2,500 Agave saplings, which will be planted in the borders of tribal villages in the area. The vegetative fencing programme is being implemented with the cooperation of Nedumkayam tribal Vana Samrakshna Samithi.It was already found the electric fencing along the borders of forest across the state are ineffective and harmful for wild animals. The forest department is also planning to use Pathimukham (Caesalpinia sapans), another thorny shrub for vegetative fencing.The electric fences that are usually laid to ward off wild elephants from attacking farmlands and populated areas will be replaced with Agave Sisalana, a throny shrub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11519122", "title": "Congress MLAs under scanner", "text": "The special Lokayukta court has directed Lokayukta police to investigate allegations of disproportionate assets against Congress MLAs M Krishnappa and son Priya Krishna.Lokayukta police will file an FIR and probe the complaints against Krishnappa, who represents Vijayanagar assembly segment, and Priya Krishna of Govindrajanagar constituency.The court has directed police to complete investigation and submit a report by February 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518072", "title": "Two commit suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A 13-year-old girl went into shock after she returned from school and opened the door to find her father hanging from the ceiling hook with a rope at their Shivankar Nagar residence in Nandanwan on Monday evening.Mohan Wanjari (35) used to work with NMC on daily wages. He took the extreme step while his wife was away at her job and his daughter had gone to school.Police said the family members are clueless about the reason for the suicide. Nandanwan police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, Shripati Jaal (30) was found hanging from the ceiling fan at his Ajni railway quarter residence on Monday morning. Since last six months, Jaal, who owned a road side stall, was staying separately from his wife Nuri.Police said the couple would have regular arguments over trivial issues and hence got separated. Nuri was staying with her children, Rihan (4) and Khushi (7), at a relative's house just opposite Jaal's house. A railway employee's son, Jaal had a love marriage with Nuri, and was depressed over family issues, which might have led to the suicide, said Ajni police. A case of accidental death was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11519677", "title": "School van operators, administration reach no consensus", "text": "AMBALA: With the school transport operators announcing to halt services for their demands, the parents are likely to be faced with an ordeal when the schools reopen on Tuesday after the extended winter break.Faced with the firm stand of the administration in bringing safety to the school transport system, the operators had opposed to the guidelines and threatened a stir.350 school vans including mini buses and 1,000 autorickshaws converted to vans ferry thousands of students to their places of study across the district.With a view to persuading the transporters to let go of their demands and follow rules, the administration called a meeting on Monday evening, which however turned inconclusive.Deputy commissioner Shekar Vidyarthi said, \"We cannot play with the safety of students and the traffic rules. Transporters will have to abide by the regulations if they wish to run their businesses.\"In the meantime, vice-president of the school van ekta union Kamal Gulati said, \"The administration has bluntly refused us a relaxation in the guidelines. We shall keep our vehicles off roads till our demands are met.\"Ambala city MLA Venod Sharma endorsed the administration's view by saying: \"Safety of the students comes first. Under no circumstance shall the law be disobeyed.\"The Demands1. Two months for completing the documents2. Do not want the vehicles painted yellow3. Say 13 students should be seated in the eight-seater van and 16 in the 10-seater van", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11519036", "title": "Isro refuses to make Antrix report public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) has declined to make public the report by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh-appointed high-level committee which went into alleged irregularities in the S-Band spectrum deal between Devas Multimedia and its commercial arm Antrix Corporation.While hearing an appeal filed under the RTI Act, Isro said the disclosure of information would impede the probe and declined copies of the report.The PM had on May 31, last year constituted a five-member high-level team under the chairmanship of former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to examine aspects of the agreement between Antrix and Devas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521908", "title": "Amy Jackson: Time to say action", "text": "Actress Amy Jackson, who made her Indian film debut with Vijay's Madrassapattinam, will start shooting for his action thriller, Thaandavam (reportedly a bilingual in Tamil and Telugu), in March.\"It's a completely different film and I will get to show off my action skills in it. Vijay gave me my first break and it's great to work with him again,\" says Amy, who wants to make inroads into Tollywood as well.\"The industry is big and if I get an interesting role, I will take it up,\" says Amy, whose Bollywood debut, Gautham Menon's Ekk Deewaana Tha (remake of Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa) is all set to hit screens soon.While most actors who make the transition from the south to Bollywood say that the two industries are poles apart in terms of working environments, Amy says that the only difference between them is the temperature. \"I actually didn't find too many differences between B-Town and the south. The difference lies in the temperature. I was shooting when it was 45 oC in Chennai. Mumbai is cooler,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518619", "title": "Casteism: Another IAS officer writes to CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Not long after a Scheduled Caste IAS officer, Ramesh Thete, had moved the SC and ST Commission alleging discrimination, it has come to light that a promotee woman IAS officer belonging to a scheduled caste had earlier come out alleging she was being discriminated against, on account of her caste and gender.The officer, Dr Shashi Karnawat, deputy secretary (technical education) had written to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan alleging that the state government is biased against her, only because she happens to be a \"woman, and that too from the scheduled caste category.\"On January 6, Thapte, who was additional commissioner of Ujjain, had shot off a letter to the CM and chief secretary, among others, demanding promotion and a suitable posting on par with his batchmates. Thete has also moved the national SC and ST Commission.Citing an example in her letter to Shivraj Singh Chouhan , Dr Karnawat , an officer of the 1999 batch wrote to the CM that while he had withdrawn the prosecution of Dr Sharad Pandit of Indore, she was still being prosecuted, \"even after a departmental inquiry against me was completed without finding anything against me.\"Quoting a couplet from Tulsi Ramayana, she reminded the CM that he needs to ensure that all within the structure that he leads are treated the equal way, adding that the CM, however, was partial and unfair.\"On one hand you have exonerated Dr Sharad Pandit on the basis of a note sheet written by the minister for culture and public relations Laxmikant Sharma. On the other, I have been prosecuted by the Economic Offences Wing after a clearance given by the department of law and legislative affairs.\"Dr Shahsi's case dates back to year 1999-2000 when she was an additional collector in Mandla. She told CM in her letter, \"I did not have serious charges of corruption against me. The charges were related only to procedural irregularities in a printing job..... I went through a departmental inquiry and was cleared, after which I was promoted as an IAS officer and allotted the 1999 batch of the Service.\"Dr Karnawat wrote to the chief minister in August last year. Presently, she is camping in Uttaranchal as an election commission observer.Talking to TOI she asserted, \"I have been emotionally blackmailed by the chief minister, just because I am a scheduled caste woman.\" She said that she has challenged her prosecution in the High Court.In the other case, 1993 batch officer Thete had faced a Lokayukta inquiry after he was allegedly caught taking a bribe in 2001. After the Lokayukta inquiry exonerated him, Thete was reinstated and since then has been demanding a proper posting. He had even threatened to commit suicide if he did not get justice.\"There have been too many instances of scheduled caste officers facing discrimination in MP,\" he maintained to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522344", "title": "Second Show moved again", "text": "After repeatedly shuffling its release dates to avoid a clash with the Mollywood heavyweights, Dulquar Salman-starrer Second Show has finally zeroed in on a date.The anticipated movie, which has generated quite a hype with its unique trailer and marketing style, will hit the theatres on Feb 3, informs its publicist Roshan.Though it was earlier fixed that the movie would release on Jan 26, it had to be moved to Jan 20 because it would clash with Mohanlal's mega-budget Casanova .However, the Jan 20 release date didn't bode well either as Lal Jose's Spanish Masala would hit screens a day before. Now, the Feb 3 date will ensure that the movie gets a decent initial and fully cash in on the hype of Mammootty's son's debut.Insisting that the move was not to avoid competition, a source close to Dulquar says, \"We just wanted to avoid the mad rush.\"Interestingly, if Second Show did square up against at least one of the superstar-driven movies and held on to be a bigger box-office raker, it would have cemented Dulquar as a superstar, say some industry insiders.But the same team also agrees that \"Mollywood stars are not known to take risks and instead opt for a safe route to make money for producers. After all, cinema is a business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11517154", "title": "Pollution board takes steam out of Rourkela steel", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rourkela Steel Plant closed down one of its sinter units and a boiler in the captive power plant (CPP) on Monday after the state pollution board refused to allow them to function any more.According to RSP sources, the closure will cut down its steel production by about 40%. The plant produces at least 7,000 tons of hot metal (liquid iron), 6,300 tons of crude steel and about 5,800 tons of finished steel daily. Closure of the MP Boiler-3 will force the RSP to manage with just about 120 mw of power generated from its other unit of 1983 make in the CPP.The pollution board had listed the sinter plant-1 and boiler as causing a high level of pollution and had ordered the RSP on December 19 to shut them. The board did so only after issuing repeated warnings to the Central PSU, keeping them under watch for over a year.After receiving the board's order, RSP CEO G S Prasad had rushed to Bhubaneswar and requested to let them run the unit and the boiler in view of the larger interest of steel production. Prasad also told the board that the authorities had already planned a series of modernization works, which would not only augment the plant's production capacity but also cut down the pollution drastically. But the pollution control board put its food down and refused the back down on its order. It agreed to consider the RSP's request only after the latter obeyed its order.Left with no choice, the RSP executed the board's order on Monday and made a presentation to this effect here before the board. RSP CEO said efforts are on to curtail the pollution level in both the units. He said steps have been taken in SP-I to restrict use of micro-fines, replace both the exhaust systems, put double-cone, double-acting valves in place to prevent leakage, replace the suction hood ducts, ensure injection of steam over the sinter bed to improve ESP efficiency and increase the hearth layer thickness to reduce emissions. Use of calcined lime will be taken up shortly in the process, which will ensure reduction of generation of sinter fines. Old ESP will be replaced by a new one by June 2013, he said.On the MP Boiler-3, he said certain plans are in the pipeline. These include use of 100% premium grade low-ash coal, installation of new ESP at an investment of Rs 13 crores, reducing the emission level to the prescribed norms and limiting power generation only to the extent of meeting the plant's critical load, till the installation of a new ESP.\"The RSP said it has already started using high grade coal and showed the results recorded from December 24. We are sending an expert team to Rourkela on Tuesday for physical verification of RSP's claims. The findings of the team will be examined before taking further decision,\" pollution control board member secretary Sidhant Das told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jiribam", "code": "11517569", "title": "Jiribam upgrade on the agenda of all parties", "text": "JIRIBAM: When a youngster from Jiribam recently decided to join the Assam Rifles, he fully well knew the travails he would have to endure just to submit his application form. After a gruelling 12-hour ride -- which started at dawn and ended at dusk -- to the state capital, he had to spent the nigh at a hotel to submit his application the next morning. Next day, by the time he was done, the last vehicle to Jiribam had already left and he had to spend another night in the hotel.The 222-km journey from Jiribam to Imphal is an ordeal that most of the 24,000 locals dread. Apart from the pathetic condition of National Highway 53, the residents of this town bordering Assam's Cachar district also feel the brunt of poor infrastructure as there are only a handful of buses that serves the area.In the last two years, Jiribam gained prominence when it became a transport hub during blockades on the Nagaland-Manipur NH 39. Essential commodities sourced from Assam were transported through this subdivision which falls on NH53, the only other route to Imphal. Now, with assembly elections around the corner, calls for Jiribam to be granted district status has only got louder.Jiribam District Demand Committee (JDDC), the body spearheading the movement for district status, has said that the party that comes to powe must solve Jiribam's problems. After a series of agitation in November, the Manipur government and JDDC signed a MoU promising to district status for Jiribam. \"The Congress-led Secular Progressive Front has promised to make Jiribam a district. If some other party comes to power, they should not forget the aspiration of people of Jiribam,\" JDDC convener M Maipaksana Mangang said. He added: \"Our lives will become easier once Jiribam becomes a district as travelling to Imphal, which we have to do for any official work, will not be a problem.\"District status for Jiribam is perhaps the only issue that the ruling Congress and opposition parties agree on. \"We have taken forward the process of upgrading Jiribam into a full-fledged district. Our next step will be make it into a reality. This is a commitment I have given to the people of Jiribam and I will fulfill it,\" Th Devendra, six-time Congress legislator said.The opposition sides, too, have similar promises. \"Declaring Jiribam a district tops our agenda for this constituency,\" H Vaiphai, Trinamool Congress' Jiribam unit president, said. Manipur State Congress Party candidate Md Jalaluddin and CPI's Letkhangam Touthang also echoed the promise. Even independent candidate E Dipti has also the same promise for the electorates of Jiribam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521607", "title": "I am delighted!: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "World Chess Champ Viswanathan Anand is happy that Tamil Nadu has made chess compulsory in schoolsYou have always advocated the cause of promoting chess at school level. So, does this news vindicate your stand? It's a fantastic piece of news! Obviously, I'm delighted because it augurs well for the sport. I have always said that chess should be promoted at the school level, so that we have many more young players ready to take the game forward! And it is really satisfying that my home state is taken this step, which will go a long way in taking chess to a higher level in India. I really want to thank Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa for taking this decision, which ought to be emulated by other states. States like Gujarat are already promoting chess at school level and it has started showing results. But, when something is made compulsory, people generally tend to balk at it... I think school kids won't balk at chess. Introduce them to this game and they will take to it like fish taking to water! Just like sports in schools are compulsory and kids love it, similarly, they will acquire a taste for this game soon enough. And I feel Indian kids have an aptitude for this mind game. I know this because I've been promoting the game amongst the youngsters for long.And how's daddy-giri coming along? Right now, my wife Aruna and I are enjoying our third official vacation with our son Akhil, who is nine months old. He's up to a lot of tricks and knows how to make us run around his little fingers. But, it's fun being like putty in his hand, even as he flashes those angelic smiles and seeks attention, big-time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518181", "title": "Tainted duo in ticket race", "text": "At least two aspirants with not-so-welcome background are seeking the Congress ticket. Among the nearly thousand applicants to be interviewed by the party, the two may attract attention for all the wrong reasons.Shamsher , an accused in three murder cases besides dacoity, rape and extortion charges is seeking the ticket from Hasanbagh (prabhag 44), it is learnt. In the past, Shamsher has been slapped with Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act ( MCOCA) and Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act (MPDA).Ashok Yadav alias Bawaji, who is believed to control a major gambling and satta racket in Itwari, Railway Station area is also using his influence to get a ticket for his sister Rekha Yadav from Bastarwari (prabhag 17) it is reliably learnt.Satta king Harishandra Dhawade's brother Anil appeared for the BJP interview last week for a seat in the east Nagpur segment along with Ganesh Shripatre who is accused of assaulting RSS functionary Mohan Agnihotri in Wathoda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517972", "title": "Number of accidents falls, but road fatalities go up", "text": "GURGAON: With the accident death rates going up across the state, the Haryana government on Monday directed all district police chiefs and regional transport authorities to ensure that all vehicles, including school buses, comply with traffic safety norms.The police also said that they would take strict action against those indulging in overloading. The accident report of 2010, recently released by the road transport and highways ministry at the Centre, shows that Haryana ranks third on the list of states where a people are killed in road accidents, per lakh population. Tamil Nadu and Goa are the only two states which fare worse than Haryana. Records available with TOI also show that while the number of accidents across the state has gone down between 2007 and 2010 (see box), the number of persons killed in accidents have gone up.Transport analysts said that better quality roads could be the reason behind increasing fatalities. The number of accident deaths has gone up since 2007, as is evident from the government records. A government spokesperson on Monday said that all the deputy commissioners (DCs) and SPs in districts have been directed to monitor overloaded vehicles and those flouting the traffic norms.They have been asked to check all school vehicles within 15 days to ensure that they fulfil all conditions prescribed under the Motor Vehicle Rules. Even the director general of School Education and director of Elementary Education have been directed to issue strict orders to all district education officers to ensure that schools are not violating the law related to transportation of schoolchildren.He added that the authorities concerned have been directed to launch special checking and enforcement campaign against speeding, drunken driving, driving of unsafe vehicles and wrong-side driving. Since overloading had been identified as one of the major causes of accidents, all the regional transport authorities have been asked to ensure that overloaded vehicles are checked and curbed.A government spokesperson said that officials have also been directed to devise a mechanism for quick removal of obstructions like vehicles that have broken down and structures erected on roads for construction or repair works. \"They have also been directed to put reflecting tapes on structures used for construction or repair of roads,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517682", "title": "Lawyers to abstain from work on Jan 20", "text": "PATNA: Lawyers in Bihar, in view of the call given by the Bar Council of India to abstain from their professional work on January 20, have decided to shun work in protest against the proposed move of the Union government to bring in the Legal Practitioners Regulation Bill and Higher Education and Research Bill. They have termed the move as an attack on the autonomy of the Bar Council.\"The Union ministry of law and justice has released the draft Legal Practitioners Regulation Bill, 2011. The basic premise of the draft Bill is to establish Legal Services Board on the lines of Legal Services Board in the UK. As per the provisions in the draft Bill, Bar Councils will continue to function and exercise regulations as mentioned in the Advocates Act, 1961, but the Legal Services Board will have supervisory authority over the operations of Bar Councils in relation to the regulatory requirements mentioned in this Act,\" said chairman, Bihar State Bar Council Baleshwar Sharma.Sharma said, \"Even though the Advocates Act, 1961 provides for lawyers to be independent of government control, the Centre is trying to have direct control over the lawyers and legal education due to strong opposition on vital issues from the legal community.\" He also strongly opposed the inclusion of legal education under the proposed National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) and urged the government to remove the legal profession and education from the ambit of the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, alleging the Bill proposes to take away the duties and functions entrusted to the BCI and state Bar Councils and vest all these powers with a national commission comprising a few academics.\"We condemn the Bills as they directly infringe on the autonomy of the Council. Both the Bills were approved by the Union cabinet without consultation with the members of the Bar. We would not allow it,\" Sharma said. He alleged through the NCHER, the government wanted to establish a super regulator which would undermine the existing regulatory bodies like the National Council for Teachers Education, the University Grants Commission and the All India Council for Technical Education and added it was the ploy of the Union HRD ministry to regulate the legal education sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11517837", "title": "Sick engineering student shunted from one hosp to next, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A 20-year-old civil engineering student of GH Raisoni College died while waiting for medical assistance as no private hospital would admit her. Ritwik Tripti, alias Sonam Mishra, was later declared dead at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). She was found in an unconscious state in the bathroom of her rented apartment at Lokhande Nagar on Sunday.Eldest daughter of a retired senior government official, it is learnt that Ritwik was suffering from some kidney-related complexity and asthma . She was a good student but had to discontinue her semesters due to prolonged sickness. Ritwik, a sixth semester student, had also been absent from college for around a month. She had recently resumed attending classes after furnishing medical certificate.Ritwik used to stay with a fellow student. Her landlord said he had taken Ritwik to hospital earlier also after she developed uneasiness. She was a native of Darbhanga in Bihar.The girl was spotted on the floor of the bathroom by a child who was stunned to see her legs jutting out of the door. There was no injury on her. \"She was alive when we picked her up. Later, her blood pressure and pulse rates were diagnosed very low. One hospital after another kept on refusing her admission,\" said her landlord. He added that it was still not clear how she fell down and what could have happened to her. \"There was no cut on her body,\" he said.One of Ritwik's teacher in college said that the girl did not get any treatment and she might have pulled through with adequate medical assistance. \"The hospitals kept on passing the buck. Each said the girl should be taken elsewhere. By the time she reached GMC, the doctors said it was all over,\" said the aggrieved faculty.Dr BA Padole of the Padole Hospital, where she was taken for treatment, said that they did not waste time but referred her to a place where she could have got the necessary treatment.\"She needed the type of critical care that our hospital was not equipped with and so we had to refer her to a proper place where she could get such assistance,\" said the doctor.People accompanying her said they had taken her to a critical care hospital in Dhantoli and two more private hospitals none of whom treated her under one pretext or another.Dr Pradeep Rajderkar, president of the Indian Medical Association, Nagpur chapter, said that every medical practitioner knows what is their role and responsibility and what is expected of them. \"Small clinic may not have facilities of critical care but bigger hospital cannot shirk their responsibilities of at least providing some kind of first aid and ensuring that the patient was given some support,\" he said.\"If someone's blood pressure and pulse is down, one could have administered IV fluids to steady her condition to some extent before referring her further. It is so even when the matter is medico-legal. The court too says that a critical patient cannot be turned away without any treatment,\" said Dr Rajderkar.Ritwik's family members are learnt to have already left for city after learning of the incident. Rana Pratap Nagar police have registered the case as accidental death. Ritwik's cousin, who is in air force, reached Nagpur on learning of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519529", "title": "Ex-AMC staff upset over non-payment of pension", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The retired employees of Allahabad Municipal Corporation have expressed concern over non-disbursement of their pensions for the past four months.The retired employees were holding a meeting in the Allahabad Municipal Corporation campus on Monday.Speaking about the problems being faced by the retired pensioners, Chedi Lal Kanuajiya, president of Sewa Nivratya Karamchari Kalyan Sangh observed that due to non availability of money, the pensioners are facing many problems. We are unable to purchase medicines in this cold winter.He also blamed the state government and the Allahabad Municipal Corporation employees for continuously ignoring the interests of the retired employees and always giving the alibi that they do not have the requisite money for giving the dues of the pensioners.He also observed that in the forthcoming Vidhan Sabha polls, the pensioner should take part in the casting of vote as it is the right given by the Constitution of the country.Further, this vote should be cast against the current government as it has consistently ignored the interests of the retired employees. With elections round the corner it is all the more tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518927", "title": "Aroma joint may not run 24 hours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recent brawl near Aroma hotel, which claimed the life of Harminder Singh, 29, has forced the hotel to think of not running its restaurant round-the-clock. Hotel owner Manmohan Singh said it was impossible to run the joint for 24 hours under such circumstances. Aroma used to operate even during the 80s when Punjab was under the shadow of militancy.\"The reputation of our hotel gets marred. I would prefer to suffer losses rather than have my hotel earn a bad name. There were many visitors who used to come for coffee, baked products and even meals late in the night. This included those who halted at the bus stand or were going out of station in the night,\" said Singh.Citing possible risk to hotel's security, Singh said, \"We will soon decide on this issue. I am seriously considering changing timings.\"Aroma's eatery has an important place in city's nightlife. \"We had people coming to us for celebrating birthdays at midnight. But after such incidents, we have good reason to fear this business model,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517124", "title": "Courier co told to pay for refusing to carry remains", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ( NCDRC) on Monday ordered courier firm Federal Express Corporation (FedEx) and two of its employees to pay a total of Rs 5.5 lakh as compensation to a former Isro scientist. The company had refused to transport his son's remains to the US for research at the eleventh hour.Bangalore's K Venkata Rao will be given Rs 5 lakh for mental agony and Rs 50,000 for the costs incurred in attending the hearings of the case in Delhi.Holding the firm and two of its employees guilty of deficiency in service, the commission observed: \"With regard to the mental state in which the complainant (Rao) would have been at the relevant time, just after the death of his 17-year-old son, and the noble cause of research for humanity at large, the episode must have been a lifetime setback.\"According to Rao, his son Om Prakash died on May 10, 2000, due to some obscure neurological disorder. Rao then decided to donate Om Prakash's brain and lungs for research.A doctor from the US showed interest in undertaking the research and his associate advised Rao to send the organs through FedEx. Rao then contacted a FedEx sales executive in Thiruvananthapuram, who was willing to accept the consignment. However, he advised Rao to take the commercial invoice form and go to Mumbai directly as the consignment needed special packing with dry ice and some Customs formalities were also required to be completed there.As Rao wanted to be convinced about the quality of packing, exact transit time and the condition in which the shipment would be delivered, he decided to send the organs in two batches. Accordingly, he prepared the first batch of a few grams of lung, cerebrospinal fluid and blood. From June 19, 2000, when Rao arrived at the firm's service centre in Chakala (Andheri east) till June 23, 2000-the date on which the consignment was supposed to be put on a flight-Rao had to change the packing three times for various reasons. At the airport, the consignment was accepted by the operations manager of the company after a thorough inspection. But the senior country manager refused to send it saying the despatch of human organs was in contravention of company policy.An aggrieved Rao lodged a complaint with the firm's principal office in the US. However, except for an apology, no action was taken to send the consignment. He then sent the organs through another company.Rao filed a complaint with the Kerela state consumer commission, alleging deficiency in service and \"deliberate/wilful spoling\" of the material. But in 2004, the panel dismissed the complaint and ordered Rao to pay Rs 1,000 each to the company and three of its employees who he had mentioned in the complaint.The company had argued that Rao was not entitled to any compensation as he had not suffered injury or loss.However, the NCRDC set aside the state commission's order. \"The inconvenience, mental torture and harassment, besides expenditure incurred by the complainant..., are nothing but injury caused to the complainant,\" it observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517318", "title": "SC issues notice on Alagiri\u2019s petition", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued a notice on union chemical and fertilisers minister M Alagiri's petition questioning the Madras high court decision to permit a \"dummy\" candidate to challenge his election to the Madurai Lok Sabha constituency in the May 2009 general election.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale sought a response of the candidate, A Lazar, who had earlier moved the high court seeking to substitute for P Mohan, a CPM candidate who had originally challenged Alagiri's election, but died during pendency of his petition.According to Alagiri, Lazar had sought to continue the election petition against him on the ground that he was an unofficial candidate of CPM and had the right to challenge the election for alleged corrupt practices. The Union minister contended Lazar's petition ought to be dismissed as under the Representation of the People's Act, he has no material details or legal right to continue with the election petition.In the 2009 elections, Lazar, who had also filed his nomination for the constituency, withdrew from the contest after the party alloted the official ticket to Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11519161", "title": "VS answerable to appointments , says Vishnunath", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Youth Congress state president P C Vishnunath MLA, on Monday said opposition leader V S Achuthanandan was answerable to the appointments carried out in secretariat and public administration department during the LDF rule violating the laid down norms.More information in this regard would come out in the coming days, he told reporters. He said the vigilance should also probe into the alleged role of the opposition leader in providing freedom fighters pension to an Alappuzha native violating the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517804", "title": "Five-member car-lift gang arrested", "text": "GURGAON: The city police busted a five-member gang, which was notorious for offering a lift to innocent passengers in their Santro car and then mugging them. They were remanded in police custody During preliminary investigation, the five, including the ring leader, have confessed to having committed 35 such crimes.Police on Monday said that after each robbery, the gang would go to Faridabad and spend the night in a house in Dabua colony. They would enjoy the night with alcohol and women in that house. Police said that the house belongs to the gang leader Suleman's paramour.They claimed that the woman runs a prostitution racket. Police officers said that before they were finally nabbed, the gang members had fired rounds on the police team while trying to escape. The raiding team has recovered a white Santro, two countrymade pistols and fake number plates.Cops said that the gang used to change their car number plates from time to time. The car is owned by Juber and he had bought it from a person and was paying him monthly instalments. Investigators said that the gang was back on Gurgaon roads four months ago. Suleman was earlier arrested in a rape case.Giving details of how the gang was nabbed, Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (east) said that the CIA police received a tip-off that five youngsters in a white Santro were planning to rob a passenger on Sunday night near Sukhrali. Based on the tip-off, a team headed by Rajbeer Singh, in charge of CIA, raided the spot. When the police team surrounded the Santro, the driver fired on police team and cops had to retaliate.When the gang was trying to flee from the spot, the police team caught them. While Suleman, alias Juber, is a resident of Saund in Mewat district the others - Shahid alias Labadu, Jafar, Iqbal alias Joru, and Islam - are residents of Chahlka village of the same district. On Monday, police produced them before a city court and sent them to two days' police remand. \"Mostly the victims did not approach the police after these crimes since they were scared. We are asking every victim to reach us and lodge their complaints,\" Dayal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11522072", "title": "EVMs not tamper-proof, but no paper trail: Delhi HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday said that electronic voting machines (EVMs), that have come to be the backbone of elections in India, are not \"tamper-proof\".The court, however, refused to direct the EC to incorporate a paper trail to record votes cast through EVMs.Giving its ruling on a petition, the HC bench comprising Acting Chief Justice AK Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said it was not impossible to tamper with the EVMs but added that it is difficult to issue any directions to the Election Commission in this regard.However, the court added that the EC should itself consider a way out of it to put to rest all the doubts.The petitioner had asked the high court that either a paper trail be incorporated to record the votes cast through EVMs or return to the old system of paper ballots.The bench had earlier reserved its verdict on the plea till today.The petitioner had contended that there was lack of transparency in EVMs.European countries like the UK, the US and Japan have rejected the EVMs due to their failure and they preferred paper ballots for their elections, the petitioner had said.Seeking the court's direction, he also said \"the EVM's brain, micro controller is being manufactured in foreign countries like Japan, which themselves do not use the machine due to its demerits\".The EC, however, opposed the plea saying that returning to the paper ballots would not be feasible as it would require immense expenditure as there are now over 73 crore voters in the country.\"The machine ( EVM) accommodates as many as 64 party symbols and because of electronically organised data, the counting became faster,\" the EC's counsel had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518836", "title": "CM rejigs Cabinet, strips Congress of three departments", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee sprung an unpleasant surprise on Congress on Monday, stripping the alliance partner of three departments and swearing in two new Trinamool Congress ministers in the first major reshuffle of the eight-month-old government.By sidelining Congress and strengthening Trinamool's presence in the ministry, Mamata intends to send out a tough message to the ally that is embroiled in a prickly fight with Trinamool. Sources say this isn't the end of it - Mamata may have other plans for Congress and more reshuffle surprises may be in store for even some Trinamool ministers.While Trinamool's Aroop Biswas and Chandrima Bhattacharya were sworn in as new ministers, Congress's Abu Hena and Manoj Chakraborty lost a department each. Hena, the fisheries minister, lost the food processing department, which was given to Trinamool's Ujjwal Biswas, and Chakraborty lost both his minister-of-state departments - parliamentary affairs and cottage and small-scale industries.Chakraborty was made deputy to Ujjwal Biswas in the food processing department and will, in fact, have to move out of Writers' Buildings because his office is in Salt Lake. He was fuming all day because he realized that something was afoot but could not be sure. He was clearly upset but avoided making any comments. \"I will speak with my party,\" he had said. The government was tight-lipped about the reshuffle and kept everyone on the tenterhooks till late in the evening. It was 8.45pm when he chief secretary finally announced the reshuffle.Chakraborty reacted with fury. \"This is vendetta for speaking up (against the attacks on Congress workers by Trinamool),\" he said.Trinamool's Aroop Biswas has been made youth affairs minister and is also MoS parliamentary affairs, along with maverick Congress leader Abu Naser Khan Chowdhury, who had announced two days ago his desire to join Trinamool.It is significant that Both Abu Hena and Manoj Chakraborty are Congress leaders from Murshidabad, the turf of Congress strongman Adhir Choudhury who has repeatedly attacked the Mamata Banerjee government. Only a few days ago, he had said Congress should walk out of the coalition. Adhir's comment had triggered a sharp rebuke from Trinamool ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519247", "title": "Workshop on decent jobs for migrant workers", "text": "KOCHI: A three-day workshop on 'decent work for migrant workers' will be inaugurated on Tuesday by PC Thomas, former union minster. The three day workshop jointly organized by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) and the Bharatheeya Mazdoor Sangh will discuss ILO declarations on Migrant Workers, socio-economic and employment issues faced by inter-state migrant workers in India and various other issues related to migrant labourers.The workshop will aim at the declaration of plan of action by major central trade unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518009", "title": "Shack worker arrested for playing loud music", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police on Monday morning arrested a man working in a shack at Calangute beach and filed a case against the shack owner for playing loud music. The shack owner is absconding.DySP P Mapari received information on Sunday night that a shack on Calangute beach was playing loud music. On reaching the beach, they found that accused Pradeep Gudiyar, who works in a shack owned by Anacleto Gonsalves, was playing loud music.The police team had gone to the beach along with the staff of Goa Pollution Control Board at 12.05am on Monday. \"They took the measurement and found that the shack was playing loud music, much beyond the permissible limit,\" police said. Also they didn't have the license to play music. On questioning Gudiyar, confessed that he was playing loud music on Gonsalves's instructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517692", "title": "Nursery D-day nears, luck holds the key", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the process of submitting forms for nursery admissions comes to a close, the focus has shifted to declaration of the list of selected candidates. The competition is fierce as the seats available are heavily outnumbered by the number of applicants. Schools are flooded with applications for seats in the economically weaker section (EWS) category as well; the numbers are expected to go up when the schools collect the forms submitted at the zonal offices of the Directorate of Education (DoE).While Springdales, Pusa Road, has sold over 3,500 forms against 47 seats in the general category-one seat per 74 applications-Apeejay School, Pitampura, has received 5,194 forms against 100 seats in the general category, which means nearly 52 applicants are vying for a single seat. Bal Bharti School, Ganga Ram Marg, has 3,652 candidates in the general category for just 100 seats. Kulachi Hansraj Model School, Ashok Vihar, has 3,500 applicants for 300-odd general seats.While some schools will follow the point system to select candidates, others will have recourse to a draw of lots. A majority of the schools have decided to bring out the list by February 1; some will start declaring the list as early as January 20. Schools opting for the lottery system will announce the date of draw before finalizing and releasing the list-expected latest by February 1. With an increase in awareness, schools have seen a significant jump in the number of applications for the 25% seats in the EWS category. Ahlcon International School has received 1,500 applications against 40 seats in the EWS category. Similarly, Bal Bharti School, Rohini, registered 1,000 applications, while Kulachi Hansraj Model School got 700 applications.But the actual number of applications for EWS seats across schools will emerge only by Tuesday as many parents deposited the common EWS application forms at the zonal offices of the DoE. \"The real numbers will emerge only after we collect the applications submitted. The DoE has asked schools to collect the applications, which we will do on Tuesday. Only then will we get a clear picture,\" said the principal of Springdales, Dhaula Kuan, Jyoti Bose.The date for draw of lots for the EWS category will be declared by some schools later this week. Many schools are likely to schedule it either at the end of January or by second week of February.\"We are waiting for the date on which the government-appointed observer will be available as only then we can hold the lottery,\" said the principal of Ahlcon International, Ashok Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519643", "title": "Haryana told to ensure arrest of accused involved in violence during Jat protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed the Haryana government to ensure the arrest of all the accused involved in the large-scale violence in Hisar district during the protest of Jat community seeking OBC quota in government jobs. The high court also directed SP, Hisar to place on record the number of persons arrested as well as those facing trial for their involvement in the large-scale violence.While issuing directions, the division bench headed by chief justice Ranjan Gogoi observed that the endeavour of the court at this stage should be to bring as many of the accused as possible to trial, if necessary by arrest and detention of such persons.\"We direct in charge of the team investigating all the cases, to lay before us the number of accused who are presently facing trial out of the total number of accused. The team head shall also indicate the steps taken for the arrest and detention of the other accused so as to ensure their presence in the trial, and in this regard will outline the steps that he proposes to take,\" the bench stated.Meanwhile, in a status report filed before the bench on Monday, SP, Hisar submitted that the district police has registered 39 cases under various sections of the IPC, Arms Act, and Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act. It was stated that out of these 39 cases, challans have been filed in 29 cases against 150 accused. The status report also submitted that in the remaining cases, miscreants could not be identified despite best efforts.The matter had reached before the Punjab and Haryana high court in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an NGO seeking directions to take strict action against those involved in damaging public/private property during the Jat agitation.The last stir held by the Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti on September 13, 2010 seeking reservation in government quota under OBC category had witnessed widespread violence resulting in loss to private and public property worth crores of rupees. The protestors had also blocked the national highway for several days, damaged government vehicles, rail tracks, buildings, private buildings and other institutions causing huge losses.Following the intervention of the high court, district police, Hisar, had registered cases against miscreants and had started identifying them through footages taken from the offices of electronic media and photos published in the print media. Now the case would come up for further hearing on March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11517150", "title": "Residents slam cricket stadium plan", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's steps to \"upgrade\" the Noida stadium and construct a world-class cricket ground inside the premises has not gone down well with residents living nearby. Residents of sector 21 fear that the same will translate into \"felling of around 100 trees and will rob them of the green space to walk, etc.\" Some have even written to the Authority CEO requesting him to shelve the cricket stadium plan to avoid felling of trees.The Authority finally began work on constructing the cricket stadium - a plan that had been in the pipeline since 2010 - on January 4 this year. \"Soon after, morning walkers in the stadium began to worry about the loss of open, green space. The residents also fear that the upgrading work might involve concretizing a good part of the otherwise green stadium,\" said Savita Saha, a resident of sector 21.The Noida Authority, however, has been quick to react and has claimed that the no trees will be felled for making way for the cricket ground. \"Some residents got worried after the upgrading work began, but we wish to assure everybody that the Authority will not cut any trees in and around the stadium,\" said Capt SK Dwivedi, CEO, Noida Authority. \"Someone claiming to be an RTI activist even alleged that the work was against the Election Commission's guideline. However, the tender and other details of the project were cleared long before the model code of conduct came into place for the UP assembly polls and the project does not flout any EC guidelines. We also told him categorically that the detailed plan of the revamp work was finalized only after ensuring that no trees would be felled for the same,\" Capt Dwivedi said.\"However, in case any such complaints arise, residents can inform me and I will follow up on the same immediately,\" he added.The Authority's plan to grant a new look to the Noida Stadium was in the pipeline for a couple of years and it was granted a formal approval at the Authority's board meeting last year. The cricket ground is actually part of the larger project to overhaul Noida Stadium and develop it as a sports hub. The renovation work is to be carried out in three stages at the total cost of Rs 70 crore. The Authority is also mulling the construction of a hockey stadium having an Astroturf ground. In the final phase, a multi-purpose hall for playing badminton , table tennis and squash will be constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "11518527", "title": "Caretaker arrested for Santiniketan murder", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The police have charged caretaker Ujjwal Tapadar in the mysterious murder of an elderly Kolkata woman in Santiniketan last Saturday.Sixty-eight-year-old retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar was smothered in her bed when she was on her monthly trip to her house in Baganpara, Santiniketan, to collect rent from tenants. The murder proved difficult to solve initially because there was no apparent motive. The killers had not touched her money or gold jewellery.Police now say that she may have fallen victim to a ruthless real estate racket. They suspect some promoters had engaged Tapadar to persuade Sarkar to sell her house and killed her when she refused. Tapadar has admitted to his role in the killing, say police.Tapadar may not have been directly involved in the murder but he could have aided the killers, the police suspect. He was interrogated all through Saturday and placed under arrest on Sunday. His wife Sumita was also questioned at length but allowed to leave. Tapadar has been remanded in police custody for four days.\"The caretaker has confessed that he was involved in the murder. The motive is still not clear, though. We have several clues that will help us solve the case soon,\" said Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena.A search of the crime scene had yielded fingerprints, a bidi stub and a hair clip (not Sarkar's).Tapadar and his wife were interrogated separately and then together. There were many discrepancies in their statements, say sources. The girls who were Sarkar's tenants were also questioned. Police are also probing allegations that outsiders had visited the house when Sarkar was in Kolkata.The caretaker had been with Sarkar for a couple of years. This is not the first time that she had trouble with Tapadar, say police sources.In April, 2011, Sarkar's husband - who was an executive director with a multinational steel company - 'lost' Rs 40,000 while visiting this house. The Sarkars had suspected Tapadar's wife but did not go to police. Later, a motorcycle disappeared from the house. On September 18, 2011, Sarkar's husband died after suffering a fall in the bathroom of the Santiniketan house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517741", "title": "Caste census kicks off, tablets for surveyors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Sunday became part of the first nationwide socio-economic and caste census exercise in independent India. Nearly 10,000 tech-savvy enumerators equipped with tablet computers will be surveying every home and individual, including the homeless, asking questions related to your socio-economic status.The last caste census was carried out before Independence in 1931. The enumerators will capture the life in rural and urban India with the help of a diverse questionnaire in a census exercise that concludes on February 29. The census will be carried out under the supervision of the revenue department.To speed up the gathering of data in a city with an estimated population 1.7 crore, the enumerators have been given tablet computers so that details of those already covered under Census 2011 can be updated, and there is no duplication of data or repetition, said officials.The census form has two parts: one for residents of urban areas and the other for those living in rural areas. In the section on caste and tribes, the questionnaire includes \"no caste/tribe\" option for those who do not wish to indicate their caste or belong to religions without a caste system.With the city being predominantly urban, the questionnaire for the urban category asks whether you own a fridge, telephone, mobile, computer, laptop, motorized vehicles and a washing machine.The form also seeks details of property, assets, family members and ownership details. It has questions on your education profile, nature of work and source of income.The census also seeks to establish socio-economic conditions of families through information on marital status, asking a question that gives options ranging from never married, currently married to widowed, separated and divorced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517643", "title": "Protesters in Jor Bagh jam central Delhi through day", "text": "NEW DELHI: A road blockade by women from a locality near Jor Bagh, demanding the closure of a gate of a Shia shrine, led to major traffic snarls across a large chunk of central and south Delhi on Monday.The protesters first blocked one carriageway of Aurobindo Marg (going to AIIMS) at the Safdurjung airport flyover and soon occupied the other carriageway as well. They remained on the road from 11am to 6pm.The effect of the blockade was felt as far as Mathura Road and J N Stadium, which along with other key routes such as Ring Road and Lodhi Road were jammed through the day, catching commuters travelling in non-peak hours by surprise.Vehicles had to be diverted from the flyover and a diversion plan through neighbouring roads was worked out for the rest of the day by the traffic police. Traffic was choc-a-bloc near Jawaharlal Nehru stadium , Africa Avenue, Lodhi Road and Mathura Road all through Monday afternoon.The protesters were a bunch of more than 200 women, residents of B K Dutt Colony near Karbala Lane, who were demanding that the back gate of the Shah-e-Mardan shrine in the locality be closed. The gate was allegedly forced open by a group of people on Sunday night. Monday's action against the gate-opening went off peacefully as the police did not try to remove the protesters from the road.\"We diverted cars and scooters coming from Aurobindo Marg side towards Brigadier Hoshiyar Singh Marg while buses were sent to the Ring Road. Vehicles coming from AIIMS were diverted along Lodhi Road and Bhishma Pitamah Marg,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. However, Lodhi Road and Bhishma Pitamah Marg were soon congested and traffic had to be routed through Prithviraj Road, Rajesh Pilot Marg and Max Mueller Marg, said traffic cops.\"The Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg got congested as well, and the tailback at Aurobindo Marg went up to the traffic light beyond Yusuf Sarai. Africa Avenue too got congested as the Brigadier Hoshiyar Singh roundabout is really small and could not take the excess traffic movement,\" said a senior traffic police officer. The diversions resulted in huge amount of traffic routed through roads that usually see low traffic movement.\"It took me half an hour to just cross Africa Avenue. It was shocking to face a jam on a road where usually there is so little traffic movement,\" said Ajit Bedi, a commuter. Many commuters claimed that 20-minute journeys took over an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519621", "title": "\u2018To avoid trouble, carry documents with cash\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The director general (investigation), income tax department, UP and Uttaranchal, S S Vajpayee, said on Monday that if people have to avoid seizure of their huge cash, they would have to carry genuine supporting documents related to cash.Vajpayee, who was in the city on Monday to review the progress in the drive against black money rotation launched in view of assembly election, told journalists, \"People, including traders, are well aware that documents are required at the time of carrying cash either for depositing in the bank or delivering it to any other place or person.\" He said if any person, whose money has been seized could contact him or his subordinates in the case of harassment by any I-T official.He added if anyone has any complaint over the procedure being followed by police or static surveillance teams constituted by the district election officer, they can register their complaint on the toll free number (1800 180 1950). Vajpayee said that the Election Commission has assigned a special role to the investigation branch (UP and Uttaranchal) of I-T for the first time in these two states to tackle the issue of transaction of unaccounted or black money during the assembly election.He said that the success of similar drive in other states like Bihar has led to this assignment. This drive is aimed at checking the misuse of black money by the candidates contesting the assembly election to buy the votes, he said, adding that mainly the static surveillance and police teams are doing the job of catching the huge cash on roads.And when it is established that the money is unaccounted, he said, the case is handed over to the I-T department for further investigation.The I-T department is registering the cases of seized cash under section 132 (A) of I-T Act, said Vajpayee adding that after seizure, the person carrying the cash is given an opportunity to produce genuine evidence.He said that on producing genuine documents, the cash has been released in about 10% cases while many claimants of cash had shown interest in depositing the advance tax.He said the police have the provision of confiscating the money of criminals but the I-T department could assess the seized amount for tax purpose only after cross examining the documents produced in support of its ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518602", "title": "Private hospitals cash in on plan for BPL patients", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government's State Illness Assistance Programme, aimed at providing free treatment to people living below the poverty line, is under cloud with cancer patients getting radiotherapy at the government Hamidia hospital for which private hospitals are being paid.As the matter came to light, Bhopal District's Chief Medical and Health Officer ( CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla wrote a letter to the directorate of health services seeking clarity on the scheme in the light of an existing 2001 government circular which clearly states that treatment to patients could be allowed in a private hospital only if the facility is not available in a government hospital.However, authorities have been conveniently overlooking this circular with the argument that \"government hospitals are overburdened\", so that private hospitals could be paid for providing treatment to the BPL patients, health department sources claimed. They wondered why cancer patients belonging to BPL families, who get benefit under the scheme, are being referred to private hospitals when better cancer treatment facilities are available at Hamidia hospital.Launched in 1997, State Illness Assistance Programme scheme has so far benefited more than 10,000 people belonging to BPL category. The budget for programme was raised to Rs 25.5 crore during this fiscal for treatment of a variety of illness. The scheme provides for free medical assistance to a domicile only once, to one member of a BPL family. Cancer patients are administered care for all cancer surgeries, radiotherapy and chemotherapy.As far as treatment for cancer under the scheme is concerned, four private sector hospitals -- Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital (JNCH), Navodaya Cancer Hospital, Shivam Medical and Research Institute and Chirayu Medical College and Hospital - are authorised to treat cancer patients. JNCH has its own radiotherapy facility while other three private hospitals refer their patients to Hamidia hospital or JNCH for radiotherapy.Dr Shyam Agarwal of Navodaya Cancer Hospital told TOI, \"Approximately 30 to 40% patients need radiotherapy and we refer them to JNCH or Hamidia hospital. Generally, radiotherapy accounts for 20% of patients bill, which is refunded or adjusted when it is done at Hamidia hospital.\" He said Navodaya hospital has plans to purchase its own linear accelerator for radiotherapy.Hamidia hospital sources suggest that every month, about a dozen BPL patients seek radiotherapy treatment at the hospital after undergoing cancer surgery at private hospitals.Dr O P Singh, head, department of radiotherapy and oncology, Hamidia hospital, told TOI, \"Almost 90% of the cancer patients ultimately seek radiotherapy after an operation, but most of them are not aware or informed by private hospitals before they are treated. It is only when the cases are too sensitive to handle, the patients turn to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11519289", "title": "Swallow parasitic worms, get cured of lung disease", "text": "WASHINGTON: Parasitic worms are known for infecting over a billion people worldwide and kill or sicken many every year. But they may be useful in treating lung disease and healing wounds, according to a new study.The research, published in the journal Nature Medicine , found that the worms trigger key elements of the immune system responsible for mending damaged tissues and reducing inflammation . These live worms could be used someday in a controlled setting to treat serious lung injury caused by respiratory infections, such as pneumonia, said lead study author William Gause of New Jersey Medical School.Gause and his colleagues studied a worm in rodents called Nippostrongylus brasiliensis , similar to a specific hookworm that infects over 700 million humans every year. They found that both the worms enter the host's body when skin, often on the feet, comes in contact with worm larvae in feces-contaminated mud or water.The larvae travel through the circulatory system to the lungs; burrow out through windpipe; get swallowed down the esophagus; and then make their way through the stomach to the small intestines , where they mature into worms and propagate furiously, producing millions of eggs.But researchers found the immune system proteins called cytokines that help to oust intestinal worms in mouse lungs also initiate a cascade of healing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522092", "title": "I'm boring, says Nicole Kidman", "text": "Nicole Kidman admits she's \"boring\".The Oscar-winning actress says not many people think she's that fun because she no longer drinks alcohol and stays on the soft drinks when she goes out.Speaking at the Golden Globes last night (15.01.12), the mother-of-four - whose husband Keith Urban has a history of alcohol abuse - said: \"I don't drink alcohol. See how boring I am? I'll have sparking water tonight.\"While many may think she's boring, Nicole was probably being sensible as she has two young daughters - Sunday Rose, three, and 13-month-old Faith Margaret - to look after.The 44-year-old beauty - who also has adopted children, Isabella, 19, and 16-year-old Connor with ex-husband Tom Cruise - recently said she can't stop kissing Faith, who was born in December 2010 via a gestational carrier.She said: \"She's divine, she's growing and an absolute little bundle of yumminess. I can't stop kissing her!\"Nicole also said she thinks her life has got richer since she became a mother.She said: \"I love every stage, I just love raising children. They bring so much to your life!\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11517900", "title": "\u2018Interlink rivers to resolve water crisis\u2019", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hindu Munnani leader Ramagopalan urged the state government to work towards the interlinking of rivers and water bodies in the state to resolve drinking water scarcity. Speaking to reporters in Coimbatore on Monday, he said the state depends on Karnataka for 200 thousand million cubic feet of drinking water.At the same time, Tamil Nadu unnecessarily wastes water by releasing 400tmcft of water into the sea since 2005. If this water could be saved, it would meet the drinking water needs of five crore people.Naming several water bodies and rivers flowing through the state he said the government can resolve the water problems to a great extend by interlinking these rivers. In this way, Tamil Nadu will not have to depend on other states for water, and it would also produce 1800 mega watts of power. He said that the government should take initiative to conducts checks, inspections and changes in the way Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment department functioned. He alleged that corruption was rampant in the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11518412", "title": "'Little' boy has big kitty of coins", "text": "BRS NAGAR: He's just 10, but has a big passion for coin collection that he has been pursuing for around four years. Harsimar Singh Makkar of BRS Nagar started collecting coins when he was in Class I and till date, owns 500 coins that he wishes to take to the mark of 1,000 in next three years.Makkar, son of Bhupinder Singh, a bookshop owner, and Manjeet Kaur, a homemaker, studies in Class V at BCM Shastri Nagar. He says, \"Since my father runs a bookshop, I used to collect the coins from there and put them in my piggy bank. I have collected 500 coins of Rs 1, 2, 5, 10. I also have about 200 new currency notes of Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 50 and Rs 100.\"After Indian currency, he aspires to have foreign currency too. Bhupinder Singh and Manjeet Kaur, say their son was into coin collection since he was 4-years-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518207", "title": "Leaders of Congress patch up publicly", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress started its civic poll campaign on Sunday and its choice of first public meeting in East Nagpur where ex-minister Satish Chaturvedi, AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar did not miss the photo op to get into a single garland was meant to send one message loud and clear that era of factional politics in the party was a thing of the past.So, while Chaturvedi publicly pronounced Muttemwar as his leader, the latter also softened saying candidates would get tickets for the NMC polls only on merit making it that factional allegiance would be immaterial.But much before that, the day Muttemwar was made AICC general secretary, Chaturvedi had started building bridges with him.Later, the party also got into the act and for last couple of months there has been tremendous pressure from party leadership and the Centre as well as the state to end factional politics.The Nagpur unit of the party was till recently given up as factionalism almost looked beyond repair. That did cost them dearly when the party lost control over NMC in 2007 with internal fights leading to the Congress' poor tally of mere 36 seats. Even after that for almost three years they bickered over appointment of leader of opposition in the civic house giving a free hand to the BJP-led coalition to run the city.Ironically, it was the BJP and its national president Nitin Gadkari's announcement just before Diwali that he was ready to contest to the Lok Sabha from Nagpur that really got things to a boil in the Congress.They realized in time that Gadkari with the might of RSS backing could be projected as the PM candidate swaying voters from all classes in his favour allured by the dream that a Nagpurian would be in race for the PM post for the first time.It suddenly spawned insecurity among the Congress leaders and they knew it was time to patch-up. The NMC polls will be the test of the new-found unity and is even being portrayed as a 'rehearsal' of the Lok Sabha polls that are due only two years from now.\"If the BJP-led combination retains control over the NMC for yet another term, it would only weaken the Congress in its otherwise stronghold of the city. Without power, Congressmen tend to rust easily. Examples of UP and Bihar where the party has failed to find its back decades after losing power could be replayed in Nagpur too,\" said a senior Congress leader. \"To nip Gadkari's ambitions in the bud the Congress has no alternative but to defeat the BJP in the NMC polls,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11519113", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A 25-year-old man was killed when his two-wheeler collided with a car on NH 47 at Kalithattu within Mararikkulam police station limits late night on Sunday.The police have identified the deceased as Augustine K J of Ezhupunna, Alappuzha. His wife Thresiamma Jolly, who was riding pillion with him, was injured and admitted to a private hospital in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11516866", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A 25-year-old man was killed when his two-wheeler collided with a car on NH 47 at Kalithattu within Mararikkulam police station limits late night on Sunday.The police have identified the deceased as Augustine K J of Ezhupunna, Alappuzha. His wife Thresiamma Jolly, who was riding pillion with him, was injured and admitted to a private hospital in Kochi.tnnMararikkulam sub- inspector Ignatius M M told TOI that Augustine was the son-in-law of former MP T J Anjalose's sister. Augustine along with his wife were going to the latter's house at Mararikkulam after attending the annual festival of St. Andrews Forane Church at Arthunkal. It was the car in which Congress leader Ajay Tharayil was travelling in collided with the bike. Though Ajay Tharayil and his driver took Augustine and his wife to a private hospital in Kochi, Augustine succumbed to his injuries. Following this, the car and its driver Antony Jimson, a native of Cheranelloor in Ernakulam, were taken into custody by the police,'' the SI said.The body of the deceased was handed over to his kin after conducting post mortem examinations and we have registered a case in this regard,'' the police said.Ferryman missingALAPPUZHA: A 43- year-old ferryman went missing in Kaithappuzha Lake at Kudapuram in Arukutty grama panchayat. Poochakkal sub-inspector N J Thomas said Santhosh (43), a native of Kakkathurthu, went missing around 6am when he was coming on his country boat to Kudapuram jetty.\"Though the locals, police and Navy team conducted a search in the lake till evening, he could not be traced till 7.45pm on Monday,\" the police said.. Sunitha is the wife of Santhosh and the couple have two children, 'the police said.Though Arukutty grama panchayat operated a boat from Kudapuram jetty to Eramalloor, the panchayat stopped the service after the boat developed some technical snag and now it is under the repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "11517767", "title": "Cops at loggerheads, commoners on run", "text": "SASARAM: All is not well with police investigations into criminal cases in Rohtas district. Or, so it seems. The result? Justice seekers are a harried lot.Take, for instance, the case of rape lodged by one Lalit Seth in the Chenari police station on October 23 last year. It alleged one Manish Kumar raped Lalit's daughter. Police got the girl medically examined but the medical report did not confirm the rape.On a petition of the mother of the accused, SP Mannu Maharaj on November 11 stayed arrest in the case till its supervision by Sasaram DSP V Daya. The DSP visited the spot and found independent witnesses not corroborating the charge.While the DSP put these findings in his report to declare the accusation untrue, ASP Amar Singh , authorized by SP Maharaj to issue Report 2 on his behalf, directed the IO (investigating officer) to arrest the accused. In his Report 2, the ASP termed the accusation true but did not assign any reason for differing from the findings of the DSP.After the matter was brought to the notice of chief minister Nitish Kumar on December 23 at his 'janata darbar' at Sasaram during his 'Seva Yatra', the SP stayed the arrest.It was ditto in another case of power theft. The case was lodged by an assistant engineer of the Bihar State Electricity Board against a group of power consumers, including one Gopal Tiwary, in the Darigaon police station on November 1, 2010. The complainant later wrote to police, seeking deletion of the name of Tiwari as he was inadvertently named in the FIR. The assistant engineer also enclosed with his letter supporting documents, including receipts of money deposited by Tiwary for the power consumed by him.The DSP in his supervision report not only absolved Tiwari of the charge but also recommended action against the assistant engineer by his superiors in the power board for lodging a false case against him. But the ASP in his Report 2 declared the accusation true and ordered arrest of all the accused, including Tiwari. No reason, again, was assigned for reaching a conclusion contrary to the DSP's. In this case too, the SP stayed the arrest.When contacted SP Maharaj said he had to intervene due to conflicting conclusions of the DSP and ASP. \"Final orders would be passed after inquiry by me,\" he told TOI.These two cases are not exceptions and sources cited many cases in which the duo differed with each other. Also, sources in the state police HQ said, they haven't heard of any other district SP delegating his job of issuing Report 2 to another officer. SP Maharaj, in his letter to the ASP, attributed the arrangement to heavy workload on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518599", "title": "Congress for CBI probe", "text": "BHOPAL: Keeping up its tirade at the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government over illegal mining, the opposition Congress on Monday demanded a probe into sand mining in the entire Narmada basin, alleging that destructive and reckless mining has affected the river banks.Opposition leader Ajay Singh told the media here that a five-member team of Congress legislators had visited Nasarullaganj, in the chief minister's home district of Sehore, to probe complaints of large-scale illegal sand mining. Its report, he said, underlined the illegal sand mining going on there. \"Illegal sand mining is rampant, and it is not without political patronage\", he alleged.\"Congress had raised the issue of illegal mining in the assembly in its no-confidence motion. But instead of replying to the charges, the CM had only challenged the opposition to conduct its own probe. So a committee of legislators was sent to look into the complaints of illegal mining in Chouhan's home district itself,\" he pointed out.Quoting from the legislators' committee findings, Singh alleged that a company that was given licence for sand mining over a 16 hectare area spread over four villages, had instead illegally mined in six other villages spread over 371 hectares, using excavators. The committee also reported that more than 150 trucks were engaged in transportation of illegally mined sand the day the legislators toured the area.Alleging that illegal mining on such a scale, particularly in the CM's home constituency, was not possible without political patronage, Singh demanded a probe either by the CBI or any other Central agency. Singh added that the quantum of plunder of mineral wealth across the state was much more than that of the infamous 'Bellary mining scam.'Asserting this has affected the environment, he said the legislators' committee has recommended that the state government come up with a separate policy for sand mining in the entire Narmada belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517351", "title": "Republic Day: Steer clear of Lutyens' Delhi this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Car owners have been advised to avoid Lutyens' Delhi this week as major traffic snarls are expected in the area because of Republic Day rehearsals. The rehearsals will take place from 9am to 12pm on Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Though several traffic diversions are in place, traffic cops feel that it is best if commuters avoid the NDMC area unless they have urgent work.\"Rehearsals of the Republic Day Parade will be held on Raj Path from Vijay Chowk to India Gate. The route of and the route of the parade will be Vijay Chowk, Rajpath and India Gate 'C' Hexagon.To facilitate uninterrupted rehearsals, restrictions will be enforced on traffic movement at Rafi Marg, Janpath and Mansingh Road from 9.45am till 12pm,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Vijay Chowk will be closed to traffic till the departure of contingents as it is the assembly point for the parade, said traffic cops.For commuters travelling between north and south Delhi, moving via Ring Road through Ashram Chowk, Sarai Kale Khan, IP flyover and Rajghat will be convenient. Commuters can alternatively travel via Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, Mathura Road, Bhairon Road and Ring Road or through Aurobindo Marg, Safdarjung Chowk, Kamal Attaturk Marg, Kautilaya Marg, Mother Teresa Crescent Road, Ram Manohar Lohia and Baba Kharak Singh Road. Using Prithviraj Road, South End Road, Subramaniam Bharti Marg, Bhairon Road and Ring Road are some other another options.Meanwhile, for commuters travelling between east and west Delhi, taking the route through Ring Road, Bhairon Road, Mathura Road, Subramaniam Bharti Marg, South End Road, Prithviraj Road, Kamal Ataturk Marg, Panchsheel Marg, Simon Bouliver Marg and Upper Ridge Road would be convenient. Alternatively, commuters can travel via Ring Road, Bhairon Road, Mathura Road, Lodhi Road, Aurobindo Marg, Safdarjung Road, Teen Murti Marg, Mother Crescent, Park Street, Shankar Road and Ring Road or Ring Road, Simon Bouliver Road, Baraf Khana Chowk, Rani Jhansi Road, Faiz Road and Desh Bandhu Gupta Road.For those travelling between east and southwest Delhi, taking the Ring Road or Upper Ridge Road is ideal. Those going from south Delhi to Connaught Place or Central Secretariat, can opt for the Mother Teresa Crescent, Park Street, Mandir Marg and Baba Kharag Singh Marg.\"Though we advise commuters to avoid central Delhi, those working in North Block and South Block are requested to follow diversions. Those coming from south Delhi should take South Avenue, Dalhousie Road, Hukmi Mai Road and South Sunken Road while those coming from north Delhi should take North Avenue, Brassy Avenue and North Sunken Road,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Motorists coming on Vinay Marg, Shanti Path and going to New Delhi and beyond should take Sardar Patel Marg, Mother Teresa Crescent, Ram Manohar Lohia, Baba Kharak Singh Marg or Park Street and Mandir Marg and proceed further to north Delhi and New Delhi.Buses along the route will also be diverted, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11518695", "title": "Fatehpur rape victim critical; one arrested", "text": "KANPUR: The police on Monday claimed to have arrested one of the four accused who allegedly abducted, raped and set on fire an 18-year-old girl in Fatehpur district on Sunday morning.With 95% burns, the comatose girl is battling for life at the local Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. Senior surgeon of LLR Hospital told TOI on Monday that the victim was in a comatose state and had shown no sign of improvement after hospitalisation. Senior surgeon Dr Raj Kumar Singh, who is treating victim Shabana (name changed) at the LLR Hospital burns unit, said on Monday, \"She is still critical and has not shown signs of improvement.\"The hospital authorities said that the patient, who had suffered 95% burns, is being attended by a team of specialists drawn from neurology, neurosurgery, orthopaedic and obstetrics departments. Dr Singh said that the patient is under observation round-the-clock. The girl was gang-raped by four local goons in Shivpuri village, under the jurisdiction of Khakredu police in Fatehpur district on Sunday. She was initially admitted to the district hospital in Fatehpur but later shifted LLR hospital.Demanding that the accused be jailed immediately, the girl's father told TOI: \"She is my youngest child and we want to see the accused to be punished severely. It was height of barbarism as they have left almost no scope for her survival. She is in utter pain and we can't see her in such a situation anymore. It seems as we have lost everything.\"The girl's father had lodged an FIR with Khakredu police under 376 (rape), 324 (causing grievous hurt), and 442 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC against the four. Raids are continuing at the possible hideouts of the remaining three accused. Several persons from the accused families have been detained and their questioning is underway to ascertain their whereabouts.IG (Allahabad zone) B P Jogdand said: \"The cops are investigating the case on the basis of a statement made by the victim to the magistrate. One accused has been arrested and raids are continuing at the hideouts of the three accused. Several persons belonging to the families of the accused have been detained.\"Late on Saturday evening, the girl had gone to purchase 'samosas' from a shop, when she was allegedly abducted, raped and later set on fire by four youths identified as Nadeem, Rakesh, Naeem and Majid.The incident came to light when a shop-owner, who is Nadeem's neighbour, heard loud cries and witnessed smoke and flames coming out of the latter's house and raised an alarm.When her condition started deteriorating, she was admitted to LLR hospital in Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518287", "title": "Ex-cricketer Prashant Vaidya's home burgled", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police squad on Sunday managed to nab the security guard who had decamped with valuables placed at altar of Gods and Goddesses from the residence of former international cricketer Prashant Vaidya in Laxmi Nagar.Ashok Vallabhi, employed with a private security company at Kamptee Road, had been posted at the residence of the Vaidyas since last two-and-half months as their regular guard was on leave. Police said Vallabhi had been a habitual offender who was nabbed by Sadar police last year also for his alleged involvement in a theft worth around 4 lakh.On the day of Til Chaturdashi observed on January 12 earlier this month, Vallabhi apparently managed to sneak into the room where altar was when the family members had left for temple. Vaidya said that the theft took place within a short period.\"My wife Chanchal and others were on their way back when it happened,\" he said. \"It was in brief span of time when guards were changing shifts. The other guard called up my family members informing them he was leaving. At this time, Vallabhi managed to get inside the house,\" said Vaidya. \"We waited for a day before filing the complaint as the agency that had sent him to my place promised to bring Vallabhi back,\" he said.Vallabhi seemed to have accessed the room where the altar was. He fled the spot after collecting the valuables.Dhantoli police under senior police inspector Sanjay Joshi and assistant police commissioner GM Sakharkar of Ajni division began the probe after the private agency approached them with the complaint.Head constable Devrao Hinge and constables Prakash Thakre, Pravin Thakur, Prakash Takwat under sub-inspector Dinesh Jhambre tried to trace Vallabhi at his former home at Dhantoli Takia. Vallabhi had left his family around a year ago and shifted to Indira Nagar in Imambada.Police team zeroed in on him there and recovered a gold polished Ganesha and other idols. It is learnt that Vallabhi had sold off some valuables to a jeweller.During questioning, Vallabhi claimed that his agency had not given him salary for three months forcing him to steal. Head constable Hinge, who was instrumental in detecting the case, was also selected as 'constable of the month' for November 2011 on Monday after the crime meeting resumed in city following winter session of legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11516911", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A 25-year-old man was killed when his two-wheeler collided with a car on NH 47 at Kalithattu within Mararikkulam police station limits late night on Sunday.The police have identified the deceased as Augustine K J of Ezhupunna, Alappuzha. His wife Thresiamma Jolly, who was riding pillion with him, was injured and admitted to a private hospital in Kochi.tnnMararikkulam sub- inspector Ignatius M M told TOI that Augustine was the son-in-law of former MP T J Anjalose's sister. Augustine along with his wife were going to the latter's house at Mararikkulam after attending the annual festival of St. Andrews Forane Church at Arthunkal. It was the car in which Congress leader Ajay Tharayil was travelling in collided with the bike. Though Ajay Tharayil and his driver took Augustine and his wife to a private hospital in Kochi, Augustine succumbed to his injuries. Following this, the car and its driver Antony Jimson, a native of Cheranelloor in Ernakulam, were taken into custody by the police,'' the SI said.The body of the deceased was handed over to his kin after conducting post mortem examinations and we have registered a case in this regard,'' the police said.Ferryman missingALAPPUZHA: A 43- year-old ferryman went missing in Kaithappuzha Lake at Kudapuram in Arukutty grama panchayat. Poochakkal sub-inspector N J Thomas said Santhosh (43), a native of Kakkathurthu, went missing around 6am when he was coming on his country boat to Kudapuram jetty.\"Though the locals, police and Navy team conducted a search in the lake till evening, he could not be traced till 7.45pm on Monday,\" the police said.. Sunitha is the wife of Santhosh and the couple have two children, 'the police said.Though Arukutty grama panchayat operated a boat from Kudapuram jetty to Eramalloor, the panchayat stopped the service after the boat developed some technical snag and now it is under the repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518876", "title": "Rushdie's visit in 2007 created no fuss at all", "text": "JAIPUR: With eminent author Salman Rushdie's visit to Jaipur Literature Festival under clouds due to opposition by Muslim organizations, everyone at Diggi Palace is surprised what the fuss is all about!Though there has been a lot of hype around Rushdie's security this time, no one took it seriously five years ago when he came to the literature festival for the first time.In fact, sources at the Diggi Palace said the author was a bit apprehensive about his security on the first day of the Jaipur Literature Festival in 2007 and had even raised a slight objection over it. \"But he was told that it was okay to roam around without any fear and go with the spirit of the festival. The next day, the author sat in the middle of the front lawns and signed autographs,\" owner of Diggi Palace Jyotika Diggi told TOI.When some youths tried to get his autograph after his session on the first day of the festival, he became a bit apprehensive. \"Rushdie asked the hotel management officials about what is being done for his security,\" she said.\"Very few people remember about his last visit despite the fact that there was more controversies surrounding him in 2007. We don't believe sometimes when people ask us whether he is visiting the literature festival for the first time this year,\" said a hotel staffer.Sources also said a group of people from Muslim community had approached the hotel management recently and even registered their objection over Rushdie's visit.Senior officers under the supervision of ADG, Intelligence have taken stock of the security arrangements. A meeting between the hotel management and senior police officers took place on Monday as well. It was the second meeting on the security issue in a week.The place will be completely under watch of intelligence people. Besides, CCTVs have also been installed at strategic locations at Diggi Palace.Commissioner of police B L Soni said that security arrangements at Diggi Palace were reviewed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519659", "title": "Did state ATS botch up probe by Delhi cops?", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahigh-level Delhi police team and the state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) are locked in an unexpected controversy over the ongoing probe into the July 13 serial blasts in the metropolis.According to reports, the Delhi police team is unhappy over the manner in which the ATS detained one Mohammed Naqi, who they believe could have led them to Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh, a leading member of the banned Indian Mujahideen (IM). Bhatkal is suspected to be the mastermind behind several blasts across the country.If a senior IPS officer is to be believed, then, following a tip-off in the probe into last year's Delhi high court blast, the Delhi police team found that Naqi was instrumental in providing accommodation to Bhatkal and two Pakistani nationals in Byculla, Mumbai.In fact, on the basis of the specific information, the Delhi police not only camped in Mumbai during the last few weeks, but also maintained a tight vigil over the movements of Naqi. Delhi-based businessman Naqi has a leather goods shop. While the Delhi police team intensified the vigil around Naqi, he was unexpectedly detained by the ATS in a cheating case.\"The premature arrest of Naqi was a big shock to the Delhi police. They feel their operation has been botched up. Now, tracking Bhatkal will be a distant dream,\" the IPS official said.Events began unfolding on November 27, when the Delhi police arrested six IM members , including Qateel Siddiqui , for carrying out the Delhi high court blast. During interrogations , they revealed information about the IM and its activities. Qateel also disclosed that Bhatkal, who was taking orders from Pakistan-based IM founder member Riyaz Bhatkal, was responsible for the Delhi and 13/7 blasts and that Yasin was staying in Mumbai along with two Pakistani nationals Waqqas and Tabrez.The Delhi police reached Mumbai towards the end of December and raided Habib Apartments at Byculla, where Yasin was staying with the two Pakistanis in the flat arranged by Naqi. Landlady Rubina Qureshi , who had rented her oneroom-kitchen to Yasin, told police that they had checked out two weeks before the new year.Rubina had rented her flat to Yasin alias Imran for Rs 1 lakh deposit and rent of Rs 8,000 a month. \"She told police that Yasin demanded his deposit back, but she told him that she would deduct two months rent and give him the remaining Rs 84,000 only when she got a new tenant. While the Delhi police were waiting for Yasin to return for the money, the ATS detained Naqi. Now, the Delhi police feels that with Naqi detained, Yasin will escape the clutches of the Delhi police and ATS,\" he said.Home minister R R Patil on Monday night denied that the ATS botched up the Delhi police investigation. \"I am monitoring the probe. The ATS is moving in the right direction and I'm sure we will catch the culprits,\" Patil told TOI. ATS chief Rakesh Maria was unavailable for comment.Bhatkal's comp under lensThe Delhi police may not have got Yasin Bhatkal, but the state Anti-Terrorism Squad has succeeded in getting his computer from landlady Rubina Qureishi. ATS officials are now using cyber experts to crack the password and retrieve details. Police believe the computer may have been used to coordinate with IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal in Pakistan . TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519813", "title": "'SWB can't get away with 'understaffed' excuse'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Encroachments on wakf properties are on the rise but State Wakf Board (SWB) officials say they are helpless, citing problems of staff shortage. Activists and analysts, however, contend that addressing staff problems alone will not ensure safety of the properties.A wakf official said that the board currently has cadre strength of 176 with 44 vacancies. This effectively reduces the strength to 132. He said that though the board recruited 60 non-permanent employees, mostly at lower levels, there is an acute shortage of manpower on the field. The board's proposal to increase the staff to 322 was turned down recently. According to the official, inspectors and surveyors are key players in protecting wakf properties. \"Inspector-auditors in the cadre of superintendent, and surveyors, play an important role. The wakf does not have any inspector-auditors as of now when there is a requirement for 23 such personnel,\" he said. The issue of staff shortage came up last week when civil society activists highlighted the encroachments on historical wakf properties. \"I made a representation recently to the government to allow the Wakf Board to increase its staff. The board is helpless as the Wakf Act does not allow recruitment without government approval,\" said activist Syed Farees.Wakf Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani said besides being unable to get approval for increasing cadre strength, the board has also not been able to fill existing vacancies. \"We wanted to fill the existing vacancies six months ago. But the government had told us to stop recruitment,\" he said. Analysts point out that lack of staff is only a roadblock. \"Being understaffed can hinder work but the wakf has about two thirds of its required work force. If utilized properly, they can do what is required to protect properties. The board was unaware of several of its own properties until recently,\" said an analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11517214", "title": "Sarpanch's hubby caught for 'Red links'", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Kandhamal police on Monday said they have arrested the husband of a sarpanch and two others for their alleged involvement in Maoist violence in various places in the district.The first accused was identified as Manmohan Pradhan, the husband of the sarpanch of Sonepur panchayat in Daringibadi block. Police said Pradhan was involved in planting landmines in Daringibadi police station area in December. One of the landmines went off, but no one was injured. He also supplied rice and other food items to the Red rebels, police said.Pradhan was arrested from his home. The two other accused - Suneswar Baladamajhi and Petaguluduka - were arrested during anti-Maoist combing operations. While Baladamajhi is a resident of Malliguda near Kotagarh, Petaguluduka hailed from Dembaguda in Rayagada district's Chandrapur area.Police said Baladamajhi was involved in an exchange of fire between Maoists and security personnel at Malliguda in January 2010. One policeman was injured in the encounter. Security personnel had seized several firearms and ammunition from the encounter site. Petaguluduka was involved in the death of three policemen in a landmine blast at Srirampur near Kotagarh on January 5. Three other cops were injured in the attack.Petaguluduka was the third person to be arrested for alleged involvement in the landmine blast. Police had earlier arrested the Daringibadi panchayat samiti chairman, Junes Pradhan, and alleged Maoist supporter Somnath Pradhan, a resident of Janabadi village near Daringibadi, in connection with the Maoist attack.Security personnel had recovered as many as four landmines from the 10-km-long Srirampur-Ora road during combing operations after the blast.Meanwhile, security was intensified in the Maoist-affected areas in Ganjam, Gajapati, Kandhamal and Rayagada districts after intelligence inputs on Red rebels pitching camps there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517561", "title": "Brakes slammed on \u2018escape artist\u2019 at Ghazipur", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 'great escape artist' has been trapped, finally. Manoj Bakkarwala, who for long eluded law's arm, was apprehended from under the Ghazipur flyover when he was waiting for his accomplice early Monday morning. And cops said he was the most vulnerable then as he had got off his car, which he had often used to wriggle out of difficult situations. A .32 bore pistol, two magazines (one blank clip), and eight live rounds were seized from him.\"We were getting inputs about his movement in Udaipur, Aligarh, Rudrapur, Nainital and Haldwani after he managed to slip away from the Ludhiana Police last October. We nabbed him based on a specific tip-off,\" said additional DCP Bhism Singh, who led the team.His two associates Rajkumar (19) and Jaidev Singh (20) were also apprehended from Anand Vihar bus stand around noon, the Special Cell of Delhi Police claimed.Bakkarwala is wanted in over 300 cases of carjacking, robbery and attempt to murder, of which over 14 were registered in the last fortnight. The cat and mouse game to arrest him began after he slipped out of the custody of Haryana Police while being taken to Bhondsi Jail from Saket court on June 20 last year. On at least five occasions thereafter, cops from Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan came within inches of him, but he always managed to flee, once even with a bullet wound. On October 17, 2011, he dodged the cops again at ITO after injuring a sub-inspector with his car and firing at the cops. This forced Delhi and Haryana police to announce separate rewards of Rs 50,000 on Bakkarwala.Cops said Bakkarwala's ingenuity helped him slip out of custody thrice. And his friend and girlfriend had helped him to hoodwink the cops last year. \"When he was in Saket court, his associate Pradeep and girlfriend Tina befriended cops escorting him back to Haryana. They offered the cops a lift, and the latter agreed. They stopped for food on the way. Pradeep gave the car keys to the cops and went along with them to buy food. Tina then gave Bakkarwala duplicate keys and they escaped,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11518882", "title": "Discussions on with striking transporters", "text": "BANGALORE: LPG supply to consumers may stop after two to four days if talks between gas cylinder transporters and PSU oil companies fail on Monday night. Discussions are on to resolve differences about payment of higher transportation fee to the transporters.A senior IOC official told TOI that the situation as of Monday is that supply of cylinders will last anywhere between two and four days in the city.\"The railways are helping us in transporting cylinders from oil refineries; they are first picked by trucks that are not part of the strike. Supply so far has been good. We will wait and watch what happens on Monday night. Based on the talks' outcome, a decision on ensuring supplies to citizens will be taken,\" the official said. As of now, bookings are on in gas agencies and stock is enough to meet the demand, he added.The strike began on Thursday with transporters demanding more compensation for transporting gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518801", "title": "Indo-Burma talks in Naypyitaw on Jan 19", "text": "NEW DELHI: Issues relating to devising a joint strategy to deal with north-east insurgent groups and taking measures to check smuggling of drugs, arms and ammunition will figure prominently during the home secretary-level talks between India and Myanmar which is to be held in Naypyitaw on January 19.Home secretary R K Singh will travel to the Myanmarese capital Naypyitaw to hold the talks with his counterpart, where he will impress upon the neighbouring country to take action against the northeast-based insurgent groups and their cadres, including that of ULFA commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah, having bases there.New Delhi has long been pressing Naypyitaw for taking action against ULFA, NSCN, UNLF and other insurgent groups that have large bases in Kachin province of Myanmar. India shares a 1,640-km-long border with Myanmar which touches Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518509", "title": "China, India shower rose petals ahead of boundary talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and China have begun the year on an unprecedented positive note with strong assertions of friendship in a year that will observe 50 years since the 1962 border conflict.As special representatives Shivshankar Menon and Dai Bingguo met for the 15th round of boundary talks, Dai stressed both nations \"face a golden period to grow China-India relations. The world has enough space for China and India to achieve common development, as there are so many areas for us to work together.\" Dai echoed a statement by Menon last week, expressing similar sentiments.In an unusual move, China put out a statement by Dai, saying China has no intentions to \"attack India\" or \"suppress India's development\". \"Our Indian friends may have confidence in China's tremendous sentiment of friendship towards India. While working hard to develop itself, China is fully committed to developing long-term friendship and cooperation with India. It is our genuine hope that India will enjoy prosperity and its people, happiness. There does not exist such a thing as China's attempt to \"attack India\" or \"suppress India's development\".Emerging from a year of strained ties, it is clear that both countries are stepping back and repairing the image of bilateral ties. There is a growing realization in India that the deterioration of India-China ties into an adversarial state would be counter-productive, particularly as New Delhi is looking for a peaceful periphery to provide a smoother road for itself. Between visa rows, oil exploration in South China Sea and the thorny issue of the Dalai Lama , India and China have frequently faced off each other in the past year. Chinese diplomacy too has been clumsy - with its ambassador to India letting off spleen against Indian journalists, and getting the wrong end of the stick from the Indian media.On the Chinese side, analysts say, there is even more reason to step back. With continuing economic troubles an uncertain and sometimes even hostile neighbourhood, China is unlikely to want to open up another front on the west with India. Secondly, China is in the midst of what appears to be a painful leadership transition. Its two main allies, North Korea and Pakistan , are deep in their own crises. China's neighbouring countries - from Japan to Australia, Vietnam etc - are all hedging against Beijing .Most importantly, the US' \"return to Asia\" strategy has China at its core, and India as one of its crucial allies. In this situation, China, like India, would like the bilateral relationship to get on an even keel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11516819", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A 25-year-old man was killed when his two-wheeler collided with a car on NH 47 at Kalithattu within Mararikkulam police station limits late night on Sunday.The police have identified the deceased as Augustine K J of Ezhupunna, Alappuzha. His wife Thresiamma Jolly, who was riding pillion with him, was injured and admitted to a private hospital in Kochi.tnnMararikkulam sub- inspector Ignatius M M told TOI that Augustine was the son-in-law of former MP T J Anjalose's sister. Augustine along with his wife were going to the latter's house at Mararikkulam after attending the annual festival of St. Andrews Forane Church at Arthunkal. It was the car in which Congress leader Ajay Tharayil was travelling in collided with the bike. Though Ajay Tharayil and his driver took Augustine and his wife to a private hospital in Kochi, Augustine succumbed to his injuries. Following this, the car and its driver Antony Jimson, a native of Cheranelloor in Ernakulam, were taken into custody by the police,'' the SI said.The body of the deceased was handed over to his kin after conducting post mortem examinations and we have registered a case in this regard,'' the police said.Ferryman missingALAPPUZHA: A 43- year-old ferryman went missing in Kaithappuzha Lake at Kudapuram in Arukutty grama panchayat. Poochakkal sub-inspector N J Thomas said Santhosh (43), a native of Kakkathurthu, went missing around 6am when he was coming on his country boat to Kudapuram jetty.\"Though the locals, police and Navy team conducted a search in the lake till evening, he could not be traced till 7.45pm on Monday,\" the police said.Sunitha is the wife of Santhosh and the couple have two children, 'the police said.Though Arukutty grama panchayat operated a boat from Kudapuram jetty to Eramalloor, the panchayat stopped the service after the boat developed some technical snag and now it is under the repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519405", "title": "FDA seeks report on milk adulteration cases", "text": "PUNE: The monitoring mechanism to check adulterated and sub-standard milk being sold in the state is set to undergo a complete overhaul. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has asked all 34 districts to send in reports on the milk adulteration cases which have occurred in their areas in the last five years.The aim is to find out region-specific patterns of milk adulteration, improve on the existing system of taking samples for testing and find ways to bring erring milk suppliers to book.\"We have told the 34 districts to send in data on the milk adulteration that has occurred in the last five years,\" said a highly placed source in the FDA commissioner's office in Mumbai. \"We have already started a systematic strategy to check milk adulteration in any form or manner. Data of the last five years will shed light on the more common ways milk is adulterated, find out region-specific patterns, improve milk sampling methodology, in short, give a proper perspective on milk adulteration in the state,\" he said.Chandrakant Salunke, assistant commissioner (food) Pune said, \"We have been asked to collate and compile data of the last five years in respect of milk adulteration cases in Pune. This data will be collected from various places in the state.\"The FDA has already sent letters to 273 milk packaging units in the state, warning them that they could be checked at any time in the future.\"We wanted to remind the milk manufacturing units that we will not tolerate adulteration. The letter was sent to all owners of manufacturing units, asking them to sensitise their people and ensure that no adulterants are added in milk - from the processing unit stage until the milk reaches the people's doorstep,\" said the FDA official.A recent study conducted by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) across 33 states found that milk in the country is adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, as well as the age-old practice of diluting it with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found to be contaminated.In urban areas, the number of non-confirming samples were 845 (68.9%) of which 282 (33.3%) were packed and 563 (66.6%) were loose.The most common adulteration was that of fat and solid not food (SNF), found in 574 (46.8%) of the non-conforming samples. Scientists say this is because of dilution of milk with water. The second highest parameter of non-conformity was skim milk powder in 548 samples (44.69%), which includes the presence of glucose in 477 samples. Glucose could have been added to milk, probably to enhance SNF.\"Milk is a primary source of nutrition for children. Therefore, it is even more important to keep a strict vigil on adulteration,\" said padiatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of the Indian Medical Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518383", "title": "Mayawati's OSD joins SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Changing loyalties may not be something in vogue amongst the politicians only. Officials, who once occupied a place in the corridors of power until now, too have started switching loyalties. The latest being Captain Sikander Rizvi who worked as officer on special duty in the CM Mayawati's secretariat. The official moved into SP camp, leaving a host of many senior officials in CM office's fifth floor wondering. No wonder, Mulayam was quick to say that the presence of such people will strengthen the party. SP leaders, therefore, could hope the official-turned-SP karyakarta discloses some of the best secrets of the ruling government. Syed Kalbe Hussain, who is son of Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Sadiq also joined SP.He was amongst a host other heavyweights to join the SP fold. Waseem Rizvi, chairman of Shia Central Waqf Board was another one to join Mulayam camp. Many persons having bureaucratic family connection have been joining Mayawati's opposition camp. Abhishek Mishra, son of former housing secretary, JS Mishra was the first one to come into SP camp. He was offered a ticket as well from Lucknow north constituency by SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518972", "title": "Rs 25k reward for information on sex selection in state", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to intensify the fight against female foeticide, the state government has launched a new scheme which promises reward to those who can provide information about sex selection activities at neighbourhood clinics, hospitals and sonography centres.The government has introduced a 'mukhbir yojna', under which a person providing confirmed information about the involvement of a doctor or a medical staff in sex determination will get a reward of Rs 25,000. A reward of equal prize money has also been set aside for those who can give information about unregistered and illegal sonography machines.\"We will use the information as a lead to conduct raids. After collecting evidences, we will present it before the court,\" a PCPNDT (Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Technique) cell officer said.Expressing concern over the sliding sex ratio in the state which stands at 883 as per the 2011 Census against 909 in 2001, Jaipur district collector Navin Mahajan said, \"The scheme will motivate informers and general public to give secret information about sex determination.\"A medical and health department official said, \"Earlier, we used to give Rs 1,000 for any information on sex determination, but now we have launched a full-fledged scheme to encourage informers.\"The government's earlier efforts to encourage informers on providing such vital information did not meet with success. It had launched a website where in any person can provide information on sex determination practices without revealing identity. However, with the new scheme, the state is optimistic about getting more informers on the board.The state government has also given police the power to file complaints against the accused involved in sex determination practice. Under the Pre-Conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994, the state government has authorized the police (not below the rank of sub inspector) to file complaints in the court.. The move is aimed to instill fear of arrest among offenders.It has issued notification to authorize sub divisional magistrates (SDMs) to conduct raids and suspend licenses of sonography centres involved in sex selection. Earlier, such powers rested with the deputy chief medical officer, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "11517386", "title": "Mercury dips to all-time low in Aizawl", "text": "AIZAWL: Mizoram in the midst of an intense cold wave with mercury in the state capital plumetting to an all-time low of 5.6 degrees Celsius on Saturday, officials said. With Saturday's maximim temperature pegged at 17.6 degrees, Dr Vanlalzara of the planning department's science and technology wing said it was the city's coldest day in 15 years since the state started maintining weather records.Icy rainfall that hit the Aizawl city last week is responsible for the cold wave during the past four days. The phenomenon of January rain, known to the agrarian Mizo society as 'Pawldelh ruah' (rain that falls on hay). While a number of shops remained closed and most chose to return home early, the chill also triggered a sudden leap in sale of charcoal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517455", "title": "City zoo ropes in students to keep a watch on visitors", "text": "CHENNAI: Kaanum pongal usually attracts lakhs of visitors to the city's lone zoological park in Vandalur, 32 km south of Chennai, creating a logistical nightmare for animal keepers and unsettling the beasts in their cages all day long. But this time, the zoo officials have roped in the services of hundreds of foresters and college students to put an elaborate security management system in place.The outer ring of the cover, zoo officials said, would comprise two student-volunteers. The middle-ring would have forest officials. The third and final layer of protection would be the zoo officials themselves, including animal keepers. The three-tier system is an effort to prevent unruly visitors from making noise in front of enclosures or chucking objects at the animals. At present, the zoo has around 1,500 wild species including 46 endangered species in its 160 enclosures. \"Visitors can enjoy watching wild species and take pictures in front of enclosures but they would be advised not to disturb animals and birds,\" zoo director and chief conservator of forests, KSSVP Reddy told TOI.Apart from the existing 250-odd zoo staff, officials have roped in around 150 forest officials including range officers from neighbouring districts like Kancheepuram, Tiruvallur and Vellore to implement the plan. Besides, around 150 student-volunteers from colleges like MCC and Loyola College would be deployed in front of enclosures. The volunteers would issue tickets at 20 additional counters. They would also screen baggage for disposable plastic products. Visitors are not allowed to carry plastic products inside the zoo.Officials also intend to advise visitors to behave themselves using a public address system every ten minutes. CCTV cameras have been installed at spots where visitors are expected to gather including the more popular enclosures which house white tigers and lions and at the food courts. \"We were given day-long training on the dos and don'ts that should be passed on to visitors. We are also told to keep an eye on children, who often go missing due to such rush. Above all, we too get a chance to watch wild species in close quarters,\" said K Sekar, a student-volunteer.The zoo has witnessed a rise in number of visitors and revenue over the past few years, recording an average annual % rise of 15% in number of tickets sold. Cost of the ticket has increased from Rs three for children between five and 12 years to Rs 10 while for adults, the price has gone up from Rs five to Rs 20. \"During Kannum pongal in 2011, around 58,000 visitors came to the zoo and over Rs 10 lakh was earned through ticket collection on that day alone. We expect more visitors on Tuesday,\" Reddy noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521561", "title": "Complaint against Mayakkam Enna!", "text": "There seems to be trouble now for the Mayakkam Enna team, as a complaint has been filed taking offence to a particular song in the film.On December 29, 2011, K Ramasubramanian filed a complaint against the director of the film for a song with derogatory words about women. K Ramasubramanian, in his complaint, states, \"Mayakkam Enna has a song that starts as Kadhal En Kadhal Athu En Kanneerula. The song has such words in the lyrics that say, 'Adida Avala, Othaida Avala, Vetra Avala, Thevaye illa' and 'Ponnunga ellam valvin sabam'. These two lines are highly objectionable as they are not only derogatory by nature, but are intimidatory and also tend to incite hatred and violence towards women.\"He explains, \"The lyrics are totally against our deep rooted culture of celebrating womanhood in the form of Shakti. The lyrics of the song have been penned by Dhanush and Selvaraghavan and both of them have sung it as well. This is all the more a reason why filing this complaint was a necessity.\"When CT got in touch with Gitanjali Selvaraghavan, she says, \"So far, we have not had any intimation about the complaint. It's surprising that such a complaint comes so long after the film's release. As regards taking offence to one particular song from the film, I would say that there are many songs which describe the anatomy of a woman in vulgar ways, in raw or comparative fashion.Has any one voiced an offence against such songs? And even if people do, where does one draw the line? This particular song was sung in a jovial mood, and there is nothing too serious about the tone or mood of the song to take such an offence to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518728", "title": "2G scam: Reliance ADAG exec suffers from 'amnesia\u2019 in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Powers' DGM Paresh Rathod, a prosecution witness in the 2G scam , on Monday failed to recollect before a Special CBI court if he had told the agency that he had not deposited a cheque issued to him by Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd, an alleged associate of Reliance ADAG, at the behest of the group's senior VP and accused Hari Nair.Rathod, in his earlier statement to the CBI, had said he had resigned as one of the directors of Swan Capital Pvt Ltd on Nair's orders, but he failed to recollect that on Monday in the court. \"I do not remember if I had told the investigating officer (IO) that Dinesh Modi and myself resigned as directors for Swan Capital (P) Limited on January 22, 2007 on the asking of Hari Nair, other company secretary....I do not remember if I had told the IO that the cheque of Tiger Traders (P) Ltd was not deposited by me on the asking of Hari Nair,\" Rathod told Special CBI Judge O P Saini.He deposed in the court that he had resigned as the director of Swan Capital Pvt Ltd and Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd on the instructions of his senior colleague Ramesh Shenoy. This, however, led the CBI prosecutor to cross-examine Rathod saying, \"the witness was resiling from his earlier statement\".During the cross-examination, Rathod failed to remember if he had told the CBI that he had resigned as one of the directors of Swan Capital Pvt Ltd on January 22, 2007.While being cross-examined by Shahid Usman Balwa's counsel Vijay Aggarwal, Rathod said that he was the first director of Swan Capital (Pvt) Limited and the company was \"incorporated for financial purposed and not for running telecom business\". \"Telecom business was not finding a place in the object clause of the company,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518621", "title": "Fewer questions in JEE from now", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's some good news for students planning to take the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations (WBJEE) in April. The WBJEE board has decided to cut down on the number of questions from 90 to 80. Not only will there be fewer questions to attempt, students will be judged only on multiple-choice-questions (MCQs).Earlier, students had to attempt 90 questions, of which 80 were of one mark each and 10 questions were short-answer-type and carried two marks each. \"After analysing the question pattern, it was realised that it was not possible for students to devote even 90 seconds to each question. So, those with better speed could do better than those who were not fast enough despite having better knowledge of the subject. It was especially affecting students with a rural background. Hence, we decided to cut down on the number of questions,\" said chairman of WBJEE, Bhaskar Gupta.\"From this year, students will have to tick the right answer among multiple options. There will be 60 questions of one mark each and 20 questions carrying 2 marks each,\" Gupta added.Another change announced by WBJEE on Monday was to allow students to take the exam from a centre near the school which they had last attended. \"Till this year, we allotted students centres that were close to their permanent address. This did not go down well with students. Many of them do not live in their permanent addresses; some of them even live in different towns or cities. So, they would have to return to their permanent address only to take the exam. This year onwards, they will be able to take the exam from a centre near the school which they had last attended,\" Gupta said.Exceptions can also be allowed, assured Gupta. \"If a student applies to the board and requests that he or she be allotted an exam centre near the permanent address, it will be done. The application, however, has to reach us either by mail or by post by January 31.\"The board had introduced the multiple-choice question pattern way back in 2006. WBJEE had then opted for the MCQ type on grounds that it saves the evaluation time. The optical marks recorder, which is used to evaluate answer scripts, can easily correct the MCQs. But for subjective questions, an examiner is required.The board then felt that keeping a part of the subjective questions was necessary because the purpose was to examine the student's communication ability apart from his understanding of the subject. Plus, subjective-type questions minimize the scope for cheating. \"This argument does not hold anymore since students are given different sets of question papers,\" explained a former WBJEE board member.Most of the competitive examinations in the country, including CAT and IITJEE, are based on short-answer-type questions. To make WBJEE follow the same pattern is only a move to makes things simpler for students. Otherwise, students taking the WBJEE have to make separate efforts to prepare for the longer questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519808", "title": "Commissionerate for minority welfare dept on the anvil?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly two decades after the formation of the minority welfare department, the state government is still mulling over the creation of a commissionerate to give a boost to its functions.Almost every other department has a commissionerate which essentially looks after its day-to-day functioning. \"There appears to be some activity now in the Secretariat. The finance and other departments have begun to work the figures required to set up the commissionerate,\" an official source said. The MWD was formed in 1993 with the objective of exclusively handling the issues of minorities which till then were being taken care of by different government agencies. The chief executive officers (CEOs) or managing directors of at least 10 agencies report to the MWD secretary. Some of them include State Finance Corporation, State Haj Committee, Urdu Academy, Wakf Tribunal and Wakf Commissioner. The CEO of the State Wakf Board also reports to the secretary. The government has also appointed district minority welfare officers in 12 districts. They report directly to the secretary, MWD who doubles up as the commissioner/director of the department.The sources said that since there is no commissioner or director in the department, the government is facing hurdles in the implementation of its schemes and plans for the improvement of various communities. With the 12th Five Year Plan under serious discussion, there is a possibility that the government would seriously act to make the commissionerate for minority welfare a reality, they said.'With the 12th Five Year Plan under serious discussion, there is a possibility of the formation of the commissionerate'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517956", "title": "Stockbroker found hanging in hotel room", "text": "GURGAON: A Muzaffarnagar-based stockbroker allegedly committed suicide in the presence of his 'girlfriend' in a hotel room in Sector 14, Gurgaon, on Monday afternoon. The victim, Veer Bahadur, was also a diploma holder in mechanical engineering. According to the police, the 28-year-old deceased was currently living in Faridabad. Investigators said that he was in constant touch with a junior female student when he was studying in Sirsa, Haryana. That girl is now a woman working with a private firm in Gurgaon.\"On Sunday, Veer Bahadur reached Gurgaon and booked a room in the hotel where they had met on December 7. He spent the night alone and had called this woman to come over on Monday. She had reached the hotel around 12 noon,\" said an investigating officer.He added that the couple had allegedly got into an argument after drinking beer. At this point, the woman went to the washroom. It's being alleged that it was then that Veer Bahadur hanged himself using the woman's shawl. Hotel employees found the body when the girl called the reception and the manager then informed the police. Veer Bahadur's body has been sent for postmortem. \"We are carrying out investigations and are waiting for the postmortem report. We are trying to get maximum information from the woman who was in the room when the man allegedly committed suicide,\" said Rao Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (west).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new madhopuri", "code": "11518367", "title": "Dimple's hard work pays off", "text": "NEW MADHOPURI: Dimple Bagga, 22, won a gold medal in the international taekwondo championship that was held at Pune, Maharashtra, recently. She had started playing taekwondo at the age of nine but left the game few years ago to concentrate on her studies. Then in 2011, she saw some girls playing taekwondo in the college and her yearning to come back to sports were rekindled.She made her mind to play again and started taking coaching in her college.Dimple won a gold medal in 42-45 kilograms weight category and is delighted with her success in the competition. She said after a long time, she had participated in such a big competition and clinched medal. She has also participated in state, district and national-level taekwondo competitions.Resident of New Madhopuri, Dimple's morale has been up after this win and she is working hard to ensure that she maintains her performance in further competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517618", "title": "BPSC prelims:HC rejects LPA", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Monday dismissed an LPA filed by one Manoj Kumar and others in connection with a case related to 53rd-55th Combined civil services preliminary test, 2011. A division bench of the court, comprising chief justice Rekha Manharlal Doshit and Justice B P Verma, while dismissing the petitioners' plea to lower the cut-off mark of the said examination, upheld an earlier order of a single bench in this regard.The court had on January 4 set aside the results of the 53rd-55th Combined civil services preliminary test, 2011, conducted by Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) in 2011 and directed it (commission) to publish fresh results of unsuccessful candidates after re-evaluating their papers. A bench of Justice Ajay Kumar Tripathi had directed the commission to re-evaluate the papers of the unsuccessful after deleting the nine questions found to be wrong by an expert committee constituted by the BPSC in accordance with the court's directive in September last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518817", "title": "Oprah to have her hands full in India", "text": "JAIPUR: There will be a lot on the platter for talk show queen Oprah Winfrey when she visits the city later this month.Apart from participating in the Jaipur Literature Festival, the celebrated interviewer will explore some archeological beauties of the city and shoot a big portion of her show \"Oprah's Next Chapter\" here in her 3-day visit.Sources taking care of her visit and logistics confirmed on Monday Winfrey would arrive in a special chartered plane at 8 am on January 20. \"She will stay at one of the best five-star properties here. That night she along with Deepak Chopra would be hosted by the royal family of Jaipur at the City Palace,\" said one of the organizers of her visit.Deepak Chopra is an Indian medical doctor, public speaker and writer on subjects like spirituality, Ayurveda and mind-body medicine and will feature on \"Oprah's Next Chapter\".Next morning she would gear up for her interview with Deepak Chopra which would be extensively shot at the City Palace.\"We had given her five destinations to choose from - Jal Mahal, Ramgarh Palace, Diggi Palace, Amber Fort and City Palace - for the interview. She preferred the City Palace,\" said the source.Oprah will be in India from January 15 to January 22. There will be three things on her agenda. She will shoot an interview with Deepak Chopra, shoot for her show 'India Experience' in five cities and participate in the Jaipur literature festival. Unlike the earlier seasons, the show's format this time will have Oprah touring the world and interviewing celebrity guests.On January 22 Oprah will be at the literature fest following which she would fly back at 2 pm.Asked if she will also shoot some portions of the interview in Agra, source said, \"As of now the major portion of the interview would be shot in Jaipur. Deepak and Oprah have opted for Jaipur only. She will shoot her another new feature, India Experience, at Agra, Hrishikesh, Delhi and Mumbai.Sources added a team of cameraman of Oprah's show is already in Jaipur and is capturing the crowded markets of Walled City, temples and forts.\"They even captured the Makar Sankranti celebrations all of which would be shown in Oprah's show,\" Jyotika Diggi, owner of Diggi Palace, said.Jyotika also said Oprah's team had visited the palace and taken stock of things varying from the entrance, probable gathering, etc.\"They had come and enquired about things like the entrance and expected footfall on the day she would be at the fest,\" Jyotika added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "11519783", "title": "Cold wave claims 7 lives in state", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: The coldest day of this winter was on Sankranti with the city recording 8.4 degree Celsius. Intense cold weather accompanied by chilly winds swept across the coastal and north Telangana districts and claimed seven lives. Four elderly people died at Gudipudi village near Sattenapalle in Guntur on Monday due to severe cold conditions. Earlier, two women died each in Bapatla and Visakhapatnam while a man died in Ramarajupalen in Koyyuru mandal.Kanteti Eswaramma, 62, died at the government general hospital (GGH) at Guntur on Monday morning. The local tehsildar confirmed the deaths of Syed Babu, 56, and Kothapalli Koteswara Rao, 76, on Monday. Venkaiah, 65, breathed his last in the afternoon, taking the death toll due to cold winds to four in one village.Earlier, Kolapu Annapoornamma, 63, died in Bapatla due to severe cold. A 70-year-old homeless woman died in Nallangi village in Golugonda mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the evening. Another elderly person died in Ramarajupalen in Koyyuru mandal. On January 14, an aged couple died due to severe cold wave in Nallangi village of Golugonda mandal in Vizag.The worst-hit are the children and aged as the minimum temperatures started dipping in the last four days. In addition to the chilly weather, cold winds are causing serious health problems among people suffering from asthma.Adilabad shivered as the mercury fell to 4 degree Celsius. People are finding it difficult to cope with the intense cold conditions. On Saturday, it recorded 3.7 degrees, the lowest in the last 10 years in the region. Only last week, the minimum temperature hovered around 15 degrees, and soon it fell to 6.2 degrees and then to a low of 3.7 degrees. The town recorded 8 degrees on December 21.Meanwhile, weather officials said the cold wave conditions would continue for the next 24 hours and temperature will gradually rise in the state. They attributed the phenomenon to easterly waves sweeping across central India. While Ramagundam and Medak recorded 7 degrees on Monday, Hyderabad shivered at 10 degrees. Anantapur and Nandigama towns reeled at 10 degrees.The Met department's forecast for Hyderabad for Tuesday is a minimum of 12 degrees and 13 degrees for Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521803", "title": "Avril Lavigne and Brody Jenner split", "text": "Avril Lavigne and Brody Jenner have reportedly split up.The singer and the reality TV star - who had been dating for almost two years - have decided to call time on their relationship because they couldn't agree on their future.A source told Life &amp; Style magazine: \"They decided to end their relationship. It wasn't working out, and they wanted to go their separate ways.\"She wanted to settle down, but he wasn't exactly ready. They had been having problems starting in the summer with her tour because she was on the road all the time. It put a strain on their relationship.\"Avril - who was previously married to Sum 41 rocker Deryck Whibley - recently said she would marry again as she wanted to start a family.The 27-year-old star said: \"It's all about love and I make that my number one priority. One day I would hope to have kids and do that whole thing. Right now I'm very focused on my career, my album, my tour and naturally when that happens for me next, yeah I'll go for it.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519410", "title": "Safety measures must for roads under construction: Satej Patil", "text": "PUNE: The state government was aware of the gravity of road accidents and would take steps to prevent them, state minister for home Satej Patil said here on Monday.Speaking at the concluding ceremony of the road safety fortnight in the state, Patil said that proper road maintenance and implementation of road safety measures by the agencies constructing the roads could help in a major way in reducing the number of accidents.\"The public works department and other agencies construct and redevelop the roads. It is necessary to ensure that the road safety signs and other necessary measures are in place when roads are being constructed. Road construction contracts should contain a condition saying that the final payment for the work will not be disbursed until all the road safety measures are in place,\" Patil said.One of the several measures needed to be implemented for road safety was to create awareness among drivers about safe driving practices, Patil said.Addressing school students, who were present in large numbers at the ceremony, he said that children should tell their parents, brothers, sisters and relatives at home to follow traffic discipline and drive safely. He suggested that digital boards providing information about road accidents to the public could be put up in all cities and at district places to create awareness.Umeshchandra Sarangi, additional chief secretary, home department, said citizens could act on the slogan 'each one teach one' to create awareness about road safety.Regional transport officer Arun Yeola said that the transport office was taking up issues related to road safety with the public works department. He cited a case wherein a mishap had taken place on Vani hill near Nashik. The public works department had been asked to take up road safety measures following the accident, and the road was now safe, he said.Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh, additional director general of police (traffic) Vijay Kamble, superintendent of police (highways) Pune division Dilip Bhujbal, and district superintendent of police Pune Shahaji Solunke were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11518900", "title": "Sister kills brother over missing money", "text": "JAIPUR: Over suspicion that her brother had stolen Rs 10,000 from her house, his sister and her husband beat up a 25-year-old man to death at Kardhani police station area in the city.The incident took place at the Laxmi Nagar locality where the accused, Shanti Yadav, and her husband called Karan Yadav (Shanti's brother) to their house on Sunday evening.On Monday, body of the youth was found at one of the marriage lawns on Niwaru Road. Later, some passers' by informed the police. A team of senior police officers and dog squad arrived at the spot and scanned the crime scene.\"He was beaten by sticks and there were grave injury marks on his body,\" an officer said.Police said the threesome belonged to a labour class family of rag pickers.\"Both Shanti and Karan hail from Bihar. Possibly, they have left the city,\" an officer said.Asked about the reason behind the murder, police sources said the threesome were in a confrontation over missing of Rs 10,000 from Shanti's house.\"The couple assumed that Karan had stolen the money. On Sunday, they called him to their residence and started enquiring him about the money. They initially had a verbal confrontation which later turned violent,\" an officer said.Police said the body of the deceased was handed over to the relatives after postmortem. \"There were grave injury marks on the body. He had been hit by sharp-edged weapons and batons,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517702", "title": "Modi to make pre-budget exercise people-oriented", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to make the state's budget-making exercise people-oriented, deputy CM and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi has decided to invite budgetary suggestions online or through letters. The website and address for this purpose would be publicized, soon.Modi has also decided to invite suggestions from farmers. With CM Nitish Kumar slated to hold a meeting of around 2,000 farmers to discuss the state's agriculture road map with them here in the first week of February, budgetary suggestions would be sought from them on the occasion for possible incorporation in the state's 2012-13 budget. \"The exact date of the farmers' meeting would be decided in due course,\" Modi said.On Monday, Modi held his first pre-budget meeting with representatives of Bihar Industries Association (BIA), Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) and a dozen other such organizations. At the next meeting, to be held on January 19, Modi would interact mainly with industry circles for inputs on the industry sector. Besides, he would also hold meetings with businessmen associated with transport sector and excise-related activities, and with doctors, professors, medicine dealers and women on three different dates.At the Monday meeting, the matters discussed pertained to taxation, simplification of procedures related to commercial taxes department, and reduction of some taxes, including entertainment tax, entry tax, tax charged on generators, pesticides and luxury tax. The participants included commercial taxes department secretary R Punhani, BIA president K P S Kesri, former BIA president S P Sinha, Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) president O P Sah, and MLAs Tar Kishore Prasad (Katihar), Sanjay Saraowagi (Darbhanga) and Suresh Kumar Sharma (Muzaffarpur), among others.\"Budget making is not just table work. Our aim is to make the exercise transparent,\" Modi said. He, along with finance department principal secretary Rameshwar Singh, would participate in the pre-budget meeting of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee with the states' finance ministers convened in Delhi on Wednesday. \"For the last three years, this meeting is being held. We would definitely demand special category status to Bihar, apart from making other suggestions,\" Modi added.He also said that trade and industry circles of the state were responding to e-governance introduced by the commercial taxes department with regard to e-payment, e-registration and filing of e-returns. As many as 10,451 traders had filed e-returns, besides 4,000 other traders for whom it was not mandatory. The existing server of the department would be replaced by a more powerful one next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519899", "title": "String of dead birds as kites rule city skies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Makar Sankranti took its toll on birds in the twin cities after 51 of them died due to getting entangled in kite manjaa or string on Sunday. Also, animal welfare activists rescued as many as 202 injured birds in the twin cities. Animal welfare workers said that the number of deaths and injuries had spiraled this year as compared to last year.According to Mahesh Agarwal of Animal Welfare Society (AWS), last year, the number of bird deaths did not cross 10 while it had to rescue only 30 birds. \"The overall figure is very high this year. This year, more people flew kites; even at night, around 3,000 kites were in the sky,\" Agarwal said. AWS volunteers received a chunk of complaints from Alwal, Malkajgiri, Nallakunta, Mehdipatnam, Sainikpuri, Dilsukhnagar, Uppal, Gosha Mahal, Malakpet and Sultan Bazaar areas.Fatal fall for 6-year-old boyEngrossed in flying kites, a six-year-old boy had a fatal fall at his apartment in Chikkadpally on Sunday. The victim was identified as Vamshi Tiwari, a class I student from Jawahar Nagar in Chikkadpally. The mishap occurred at about 4 pm on Sunday when Vamsi was flying a kite on his four-storied apartment's terrace. Vamshi fell into a drain duct which had a low boundary wall. Using a rope made of saris, Vamsi's father Vallabh Tiwari scaled down the duct and brought his injured son out. With severe injuries on the head, hands and legs, Vamsi was rushed to a private hospital in Kacheguda, where he succumbed while undergoing treatment in the wee hours of Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11516840", "title": "11-year-old boy fakes own kidnap to avoid English exam", "text": "MUMBAI: An 11-year-old boy staged his own kidnap drama on Sunday in a bid to avoid writing a tough English test in school a day later. In the end, the Class VI student's efforts failed as he had to blurt out the truth before interrogators and also sit for the test on Monday.The boy, who hails from a middle-class family in Ghatkopar (W), decided to fake his own abduction after being inspired by a detective serial he saw on television on Saturday.According to the Ghatkopar police, the boy revealed that he feared failing in the exam because he had not completed the revision. As he did not want to be scolded by his father, he decided to cook up a story and buy time. As things turned out, his plan left the cops on their toes on Sunday before finally managing to find him and get to the bottom of the matter.Around 9.30am on Sunday, the boy left his home on the pretext of going to a tuition class. \"Around 11am, he called up his mother from a public booth and claimed that he was hiding in Pant Nagar, Ghatkopar (E), after managing to escape from the clutches of four masked men. He said the four men had kidnapped him from the main road and taken him in a car,\" said Ghatkopar police senior inspector C V Zendekar.After the boy's parents got in touch with the cops, additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid ordered senior officers to skip their Sunday plans and track down the \"victim\". \"The matter was dealt with seriously after the boy's parents lodged a complaint, saying four men had kidnapped their son in broad daylight,\" Khalid told TOI on Monday.The Ghatkopar police looked for the boy for three hours before finally finding him in the Pant Nagar locality around 2pm.\"Initially, he confidently replied to our queries,\" said Zendekar. On further interrogation, the cops realized that the boy had cooked up the story. \"After gaining confidence, the boy told us that he had not completed his English studies. He had failed in the last exam and feared a repeat this time as well. His father had changed his tuition class and scolded him then. He wanted to avoid sitting for the exam,\" added Zendekar. The boy also told the cops that he got admitted to Class VI in a new school.The police later counselled the student's father and said they had not told his son anything about the complaint. They also asked the father not to shout at the child.The boy appeared for the test on Monday after going through counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519795", "title": "Chain-snatcher nabbed, 22 tolas gold seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: A chain-snatcher was arrested by the Kacheguda police in Barkathpura. They also recovered 22 tolas gold and two bikes from his possession.Police nabbed Jai Kishan Singh, 28, a resident of MCH colony in Jiyaguda. On Sunday evening, the Kacheguda police intercepted his bike at Barkathpura chaman during a routine vehicle-checking operation. Police found some gold jewellery in his possession. As Singh was unable to produce vehicle documents, police arrested him.\"During interrogation, he confessed to have committed eight chain snatching offences in Kacheguda, Nallakunta, Raidurgam, Chandanagar and two bike-lifting offences in SR Nagar and Afzalgunj police limits,\" DCP, East Zone, Y Gangadhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "rae bareli", "code": "11522698", "title": "I have not decided whether to campaign: Priyanka Gandhi", "text": "RAE BARELI: Touring Congress strongholds of Amethi and Rae Bareli in the run-up to UP assembly polls, Priyanka Gandhi today said she has not decided yet whether to campaign for the party, but made it clear that she will do \"anything to help\" her brother Rahul.\"I have not decided yet...So far I am here in Amethi and Rae Bareli and my brother and I will talk to each other and decide,\" 40-year-old Priyanka told reporters.\"I will do anything to help my brother...whatever is required of me. I will do whatever he requires me to do. He knows to what extent he can require me,\" she said.Replying to questions, Priyanka, who is younger to Rahul, said, \"For now, I am going to oversee the elections in these constituencies which fall in our parliamentary constituencies and then, after that, we will see if Rahul wants me to campaign, I will campaign.\"Talking to workers of a private factory which has been closed for the past two years, she said efforts were on to find a way out.\"Its election time so I am not allowed to give them any promises, but we have been working on it for two years...We are thinking of other solutions...somebody else to come and open a new one,\" she said, adding that the workers had been demanding help to restart the factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519678", "title": "Another agent passed on trio to me", "text": "MUMBAI: Sultan Khan, the realty agent who finds himself at the centre of a controversy for providing a rented flat to two Pakistani nationals and a suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) commander, has told interrogators that another agent had passed on the three men to him.The three suspects-Pakistan's Waqqas and Tabrez, and IM leader Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh alias Imran-stayed in Habib Apartments near Byculla railway station for almost eight months. \"They came to me with the reference of some other agent. I work on a commission basis and introduced them to the flat owner, Rubina Qureishi. After they spoke to her, the deal was finalized,\" Khan told the anti-terrorism squad (ATS). The three suspects fled the city in mid-December without informing the flat owner, the broker or the neighbours. The ATS, during a search of the one-roomkitchen flat, number 53, on Habib Apartments' third floor, found several CDs and DVDs and is examining them. The content is not known.The flat's door displayed a name, Mohammed Istiyaque A Salam Qureishi. The rent of the 150-square-foot flat was around Rs 8,000 per month. This 80-year-old building houses several small and big flats with mostly salaried tenants. The three posed as call centre employees and would return at odd hours.No neighbour had any concrete information about them. \"We have been terrorized since we heard the blast suspects were staying here. We could not feel that they were so dangerous ,\" said a tenant. Another tenant said, \"They would not interact with us and their door would be closed at all times.\" No neighbour knew their names. \"Why would we ask anyone their names if they did not want to interact with us? They would mostly leave one by one. We never heard any noise or argument from their room,\" said an old woman.Incidentally, Khan stays in the same building. When TOI visited his second-floor residence at around 2 pm, a woman in her mid-40 s was offering prayers. \"Khan is not at home,\" she said and provided his business card. \"Contact him if you want to talk to him,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518481", "title": "Slab collapses in Saraspur, 22 injured and one killed in the incident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One woman died and 22 others were injured when a building's slab collapsed in Saraspur on Monday evening. The incident took place during the burial of a religious leader of Dawoodi Bohra community in Saraspur. Police officials said that the injured were rushed to Shardaben Hospital and V S Hospital soon after the incident.According to Shaherkotda police officials, the incident took place at 5.15 pm at Musafirkhana of the community near the cemetery. Sajjad Hira, a community leader, told TOI, \"Our religious leader Saiyedna's son Hujaifa, 65, died of a heart attack on a visit to Saraspur Roza. His last rites were conducted at a cemetery in Saraspur. During his funeral procession, devotees wanted to have a last look at his mortal remains and had gathered in large numbers at Musafirkhana building,\" he said.Soon several were climbing up the three-storey building's terrace to have a better look. During the commotion, the slab gave away and fell on the second floor balcony which also had people watching the burial.\"Fortunately, it did not collapse entirely. Hence people on second floor balcony did not suffer grievous injuries. A total of 22 persons, including 13 women and nine men were reported injured. Four have been sent to V S Hospital for treatment, remaining were admitted to Shardaben Hospital,\" said K K Parmar, inspector of Shaherkotda police station.An elderly woman was reported dead in the incident. However, Parmar said they have not yet received official confirmation of the death. \"Primarily we believe that it was overcrowding that caused the mishap. However, we have got samples of the structure to assess whether weak construction might have caused the incident,\" said Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11519112", "title": "BSY's January 15 bomb fails to go off", "text": "Sankranti has passed by but the expected upheaval in the state politics, particularly in the ruling party, has failed to materialize.Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had announced that if he is not rewarded with a plum post in the ruling BJP - either the chief minister's gaddi or the state party president's post - by January 15, he would show his strength by charting his own course of action.However, Yeddyurappa continues to be where he was as what he was post Sankranti too. In fact at Gulbarga on Monday, the former chief minister said that he had no intentions of quitting the party and would strive to strengthen it.He also made it clear though that he is not ready to give up. \"I am ready to occupy the CM's gaddi anytime, if the party bosses permit,'' he said.The aspiring CM, however, made it clear that the DV Sadananda Gowda-led government will complete its full term. \"Rather, we are expecting mid-term poll at the Centre and preparing to win at least 25 of the 28 Lok Sabha seats,'' he maintained.There are indications that Yeddyurappa now wants to bide his time till the assembly elections to the five states conclude in March first week. He, however, has succeeded in getting permission from the RSS to undertake a state-wide tour under the party's banner.Chief minister Gowda said in Mangalore on Monday that there was nothing wrong in Yeddyurappa going on a state-wide tour. \"He is our senior leader and is free to take up any such exercise that is aimed at strengthening the party,'' he said.What made Yeddyurappa go silent? According to a top functionary in party, \"The joint intervention by the RSS and BJP last week has forced Yeddyurappa to put his deadline in cold storage.''QuotesI am certain that Yeddyurappa will not cross the line drawn by the Sangh Parivar. I will focus on delivering an effective administration across Karnataka and leave all the party related matters to the leaders of state unit of the partyDV Sadananda Gowda | chief ministerI have no intention of building a new party and will not join any other party. I will continue to remain in BJP and make it strongB S Yeddyurappa | former chief minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518546", "title": "Girl attempts to kill self in classroom", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class-X student tried to commit suicide by consuming sleeping pills in her class in an east Kolkata school on Monday afternoon.On Monday, the student, who is the eldest daughter of an employee of a shoe manufacturing unit at Beliapukur, went to her school at Suresh Sarkar Road like any other day. Shortly after noon, her classmates spotted her dozing. Though they did not suspect initially, the students got panicky when she started frothing. Teachers were informed and the girl was taken to NRS Medical College and Hospital immediately. A strip of sleeping pills was found in her hand.Doctors declared her stable after washing her stomach. According to police, the girl was found depressed. It was learnt that her mother died days after her birth. Her father, who remarried three years after her mother's death, now has two sons from his second wife.Initially, police had reasons to believe that the girl was depressed due to her trouble with her step-mother. But the girl herself did not complain about her mother. \"We suspect she was depressed and need counselling,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518675", "title": "Mentally challenged kills 65-yr-old", "text": "LUCKNOW: A mentally-challenged person, in a fit of rage, killed a 65-year-old man with sharp-edged weapon and injured two others who tried to save the old man at Babukheda Raidas under PGI police station area on Monday morning.The deceased was identified as Vishwanath, a resident of Babukheda Raidas while the injured were identified as Vishwanath's 35-year-old son Ram Charan and 20-year-old Umesh, son of one Ram Narain, all residents of the same village. The mentally challenged person was identified as Nankau Rawat.According to reports, accused Nankau Rawat took a sharp-edged weapon with him and came out in a fit of rage for unknown reasons.After reaching near Vishwanath's house, he saw him standing outside.Without any provocation, Nankau attacked Vishwanath. On seeing this, Vishwanath's son Ram Charan and Umesh ran to save Vishwanath.However, Nankau also attacked Ram Charan and Umesh leaving them badly injured.All the three were rushed to the hospital, however, Vishwanath was declared dead while Ram Charan and Umesh are still undergoing treatment at Trauma Centre of Chhatrapati Shahuji Medical University.The police also said that Nankau had been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11518895", "title": "Gehlot govt the most inefficient ever, says Raje", "text": "AJMER: Former chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Monday criticized the state government over the Bilara triple murder case saying that criminals have no fear of police and even people in the chief's minister's home town are not safe. \"When people demanded security and action against criminals they had to face lathicharge,\" she said in Nagaur.Addressing a public meeting, Raje said that every section of the society including farmers, teachers and traders are dissatisfied with the government. Farmers are not getting seeds, water and electricity. Thousands of BEd qualified students are waiting for jobs, people are struggling against inflation but the CM has has no answer for their woes, she said.Vasundhara Raje was given a warm welcome in Nagaur and special arrangements were made by the local leaders for her. She along with her former cabinet colleagues and the local MLA staged a road show during which a large crowd thronged both sides of Kheenwsar Merta road to have a glimpse of her.Addressing a public rally at Kharnal village, she termed the Gehlot government as the most unsuccessful one in the state. \"This is the most inefficient government Rajasthan had ever since Independence. It has failed on all the fronts of administrative sphere and is deeply embedded in scams like land scam, sex scam, shudh ke liye yudh scam,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517290", "title": "Another expert panel for green clearance?", "text": "MUMBAI: With a huge number of proposals pending for environmental clearance, the state government has proposed setting up an additional state-level expert appraisal committee (SEAC). But the Centre is instead pitching for greater speed and transparency.In 2008, the first SEAC was set up, two years after the Centre mandated its appointment. The committee's term ended last year. \"There were proposals pending from 2006 for environmental clearance. Though it worked very diligently by the end of its term, there were 400 proposals pending and nearly 80% are Mumbai-based,\" said a Mantralaya official. A new committee has been formed but is not able to cope.PMA Hakeem, chairman of the earlier committee and now head of the state environment impact assessment authority ( SEIAA), said an additional committee would help decide cases faster.The panel meets for three to four days every month to scrutinize proposals and ascertain if they conform to the environmental norms of solid waste management, sewage treatment, distance from ecologically sensitive areas, and so on.The state raised the issue of pending proposals with the Union environment ministry. However, the Union environment secretary, who was in Mumbai on Monday, as a precondition has asked the state to make the process for obtaining clearance more transparent and speedy. \"We have to now rework the proposal and submit it to the Centre,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521533", "title": "I would not have tampered with Agneepath: Danny Denzongpa", "text": "The original Kancha Cheena gets candid about Agneepath and a certain Parveen BabiLet's first have tea before starting the interview,\" says the thorough gentleman. A few minutes later, we are served tea and a delicious assortment of sandwiches. We are at the Juhu residence of Kancha Cheena of Mukul Anand's Agneepath. And Danny Denzongpa plays the consummate host as he talks about his illustrious career and a rocky emotional patch.Why do we see you in few films and no parties?I am doing films at my pace. I have just returned from the mountains; I have a farmhouse in Sikkim, and I spend a good part of the year there. During which time, I switch off my mobile, run around jungles and climb trees as I don't believe in exercising on machines behind closed doors.I am happy (smiles). To be honest, I am getting several offers. But at this point in my life, I have to do something better than what I have done before or something radically different. I don't want to disappoint my fans.And you have many fans...Well, sometime ago, a lady who claimed to be my wife stood the entire night, in the rain, outside my bungalow. Then there was this journalist who fixed up an interview and came home! Half way through our chat, I sensed something fishy. I cornered him and he said he was a fan.Which is the role that you cherish the most?While you might think of Kaalicharan or Dhund or Agneepath, I would say it is my role in a Bengali film Lal Kuthi, which ran for more than 60 weeks. I also enjoyed my recent role in Frozen, a very believable film without any shor sharaba.My survival as an actor doesn't depend on how good I am as an actor; it depends on whether my producers and distributors make money. In my case, they did. And I got branded in typical roles.Which brings me to the most important question: Your character Kancha Cheena is being played by Sanjay Dutt in K Jo's Agneepath.Sanjay's getup is far different from what I sported. He has flair and he must have essayed the role in his own style. If I was asked to do Kancha Cheena again, I would play it differently.Do you think that a masterpiece like Agneepath should be tampered with?Well, remakes have set the cash registers ringing, haven't they? (pauses). However, if I was a successful filmmaker, I wouldn't have tampered with Agneepath.Can Hrithik Roshan pull off a Dinanath Chauhan as well as a Big B?Hrithik is a capable actor. But invariably, there will be comparisons between him and Amitabh Bachchan. Howsoever well he might essay the role (and he might do so even better), people may not be satisfied as they might want him to do exactly the same things as Amitabh.The interview will be incomplete if we don't talk about Parveen Babi .Chali gayi bechari (looks at the ceiling). Barring Kabir Bedi , Mahesh Bhatt and I, who were her boyfriends at some point in her life, there was only Ranjeet and producer Harish Shah (who had cast her in Kaala Sona), who attended her funeral. That is when it struck me for the first time that this world is so fake.Were you in touch with her before her death, I mean when she was unwell?Well, we lived together for three to four years. Then, she fell in love with Kabir Bedi. We were not in touch after we broke up. But she used to barge into my house like a Queen Bee and my girlfriend Kim never liked it. I told her to stop coming. Later, she was in a relationship with Mahesh Bhatt.Mahesh informed me that she was suffering from schizophrenia and that she didn't want to see a doctor. He asked me to convince her that she should seek a medical opinion. I went up to her apartment and had a chat with her and we started interacting again.Suddenly, she started doubting me and then one evening, she said she wouldn't like to see me anymore. I thought it was best not to disturb her thereafter. I did try calling her a few times, but she did not respond. However, I did keep tabs on her health, courtesy Mahesh.Gulshan Grover has dissuaded his son from joining Bollywood. Will you do the same?No. I have left it to him. My son Rinzing is getting many offers, but the final decision about his career rests with him.Tell me, how have you managed to maintain your bungalow in JVPD Scheme, where most bungalows are either dilapidated or few and far between?I built it with love. I maintain it with love. Touch wood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11517383", "title": "Charred body of sr citizen found", "text": "THANE: The charred body of a 64-year-old man was found on a street in Dhokali area in Kolshet early on Monday. The police claim that the man, identified as Shabbir Ahmed Zanjeera, may have committed suicide by dousing himself with kerosene and setting himself on fire.Police officers from the Kapurbawdi police station discovered a bag tied to a tree nearby containing a bunch of letters written by Zanjeera to his family members. \"There were about seven to eight letters written in chaste Gujarati addressed to his son and wife. In the letters, he threatened to immolate himself and blame his son for his death,\" said Vijay More, assistant commissioner of police.The body was discovered opposite the gates of Asher Enclave Complex, where his son Mufudil stays with his mother and wife. Zanjeera was living alone in a house in Mumbra. \"We will file charges once we go through the findings of the medical report,\" More said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11518859", "title": "Minister asks ASI to complete repair works at Sonar Fort", "text": "JAISALMER: A day after TOI carried a story 'Sonar Fort crumbling as ASI slumbers', Union minister for tourism Kumari Selja convened an emergency meeting of officers of Archeological Survey of India and directed them to complete the pending restoration work of the outer wall of Sonar Fort without further delay. She also took stock of the present situation in the fort.On Monday, TOI reported on the delay by the ASI in repairing the wall of Sonar Fort, parts of which had collapsed due to heavy rain. Another important meeting in this regard has been proposed in Delhi on January 19. \"We discussed the repair plan at length and work on it will start soon,\" said an official who was present in the meeting.There are around a dozen areas of the fort that are in a dilapidated condition, many of which could collapse any time. The ASI has already put signage cautioning people to be beware as the walls could collapse any time.But the main issue plaguing the fort is the lack of co-ordination between the ASI, the municipality and district administration for conserving the fort and also lack of guidelines for such steps. The three departments have so far been entangled in a mudslinging over whose jurisdiction would apply on the fort.The absence of the nod from the ASI has restrained the Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP) from taking up the repair work. As a result, water seeping from the sewerage system has made the foundation of the fort weak.When the fort was built 855 years ago, there were 99 circular residential areas but today the number is below 80.Jaisalmer municipality chairman Ashok Tanwar said that the ASI has not given any permission for construction or repair for the past many years causing innumerable problems to people living in it. He sought relaxation for people living in the fort.\"The ASI should put a month-long camp to resolve problems of residents and allow them to repair their houses. The ASI has not given permission for many years and in the meantime people have started doing repair works which is illegal,\" he said.District collector MP Swami said that the district administration is ready to extend help to ASI. Asked about illegal constructions, he put the onus on the municipality and the ASI.On the other hand, a local official of ASI, assistant conserver Mahendra Jat said that he never gets help from municipality. \"Illegal constructions are rampant in the fort, but municipality never stops and ASI does not have power to stop such works. As per ASI Act, I can only lodge FIR, which I have done in many cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11517822", "title": "Vulture injured hurt by kite string dies", "text": "NASHIK: A vulture died on Sunday evening after it was injured by the nylon thread used for flying kites as part of Makar Sankranti festival. On an average, 10-12 birds get injured during the kite festival period.The vulture was spotted by a bird lover at Vijaynagar and taken to veterinarian Girish Patil. \"It was brought to us after three hours of the incident. It was bleeding profusely and did not respond much to treatment,\" he said.Patil said vultures are very less in number and these should be conserved.\"There are just 3,200 vultures in the country. Birds generally go out in the morning and return between 4.30pm and 6pm. If people stop flying kites during this period, we can save a lot of birds,\" Patil said.Sharanya Shetty of Sharan, the shelter for animals, said vultures are generally very sturdy. \"Our shelter is full of birds because of injuries due to nylon threads.\"Bird lover Shekhar Gaikwad, who has been organising awareness campaigns about the harmful impacts of nylon threads in kites, said two owls also died due to injuries from nylon threads used for flying kites. Range forest officer P P Bhamre said the forest department has also been conducting awareness campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11518286", "title": "New counselling unit for students in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) of Madurai district branch has launched a new counselling unit at the collectorate campus. The unit will primarily focus on exam stress management for students.Dr V M Vijayasaravanan, director of the counselling services told TOI, \"As part of the functions of the unit, we are going to organise the stress management programme free-of-cost to students preparing for exams. We are going to target students of ninth to 12th standards.\"He further said, \"The team will reach any school on prior request made to the secretary or director of counselling services. We are planning to do a one-hour programme by power point presentation to motivate the students. Depending upon the availability of staff, the morning programme would be held from 8.30am to 10am and from 1pm to 3pm in the afternoon.\"By prior appointment, counselling for smoking cessation, adolescent problems and substance abuse, general counselling will be held at the unit on all Saturdays between 1pm to 3pm.He added that Rs 20 would be charged for record maintenance per visit and the amount would be used for further developmental activities of the counselling unit. In case of severity of problems, they could be referred to higher centres for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517247", "title": "Ex-UDD babu applied for flat while handling Adarsh files", "text": "MUMBAI: P V Deshmukh, former deputy secretary in the urban development department, on Monday admitted that he had applied for a flat in Adarsh housing society in 2003 while he was still handling the files of the building.Deshmukh also claimed that he had personally handed over a letter-in connection with CRZ clearance for Adarsh-to an official of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) in Delhi after another accused in the case and former principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari asked him to do so.\"I applied for membership of Adarsh in February 2003. At that time, I was deputy secretary in the urban development department and was dealing with the file(s) of Adarsh,\" said Deshmukh, in reply to questions put to him by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Jhaveri, counsels for the Adarsh commission.The panel grilled Deshmukh about his role in CRZ clearance for the society. Deshmukh told the commission of Justice (retd) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam that the state UDD was supposed to apply for permission from the MoEF when land reserved for a public road was deleted and converted into a residential zone-a move that benefited Adarsh. He then said Adarsh itself should have applied for the MoEF clearance after it was issued the letter of allotment.Deshmukh said on a \"request by Adarsh\", he had written to the MoEF in August 2002 seeking clearance for the land. \"Were you interested in seeing that the society gets clearance as early as possible?\" the panel asked. \"No,\" said Deshmukh.He was questioned about a letter he had addressed to the joint director of MoEF in January 2003 with regard to the clearance for Adarsh, which he personally handed over to the official in Delhi. Asked about the need to deliver the letter personally, Deshmukh said as he was going for a National Coastal Zone Management Authority meeting in Delhi, Tiwari-who was principal secretary in the UDD-had asked him to hand over the letter. Deshmukh said he never attended another NCZMA meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11518191", "title": "21,173 fresh inclusions in electoral roll, says SEC", "text": "PANAJI: The State Election Commission (SEC) has received 35,655 forms for the inclusion of voters in the electoral rolls in the latest enrolment drive before the state elections on March 3.Making the announcement, S Kumaraswamy, chief electoral officer (CEO), Goa, said that \"21,173 forms were for fresh inclusions in the electoral rolls\".During the January 2-12 enrolment window, the SEC had focussed on enrolling more youth voters in the age group of 18-19 years by visiting colleges and creating awareness among students. As a result of these efforts, the SEC managed to enrol 4,408 individuals in that age group. Kumaraswamy admitted that the figures were not impressive. \"Something is lacking...we will take it up and see (reasons for poor enrolment),\" the CEO said.Forms for new inclusions were numbered at 16,765 and were received from individuals above 19 years, with only a lone form coming from a NRI.The CEO also informed mediapersons that 6,175 forms were received for deletion of names from the electoral roles. 6,698 forms for inter-constituency voter shift and 1,609 forms for intra constituency voter shift complete the list.The forms will be verified by January 20, Kumaraswamy said. The last date for receiving forms is February 3, he added.On the recent withdrawal of security to politicians, Kumaraswamy said he had written to the state DGP and review threat perception to VIPs. In the same breath he said guidelines stipulating use of official vehicles only for official purposes would have to be followed strictly and violations may lead to withdrawal of the vehicles.He also suggested that politicians holding chairmanships of various corporations should resign the same as these corporations were \"offices of profit\".With the RBI observing huge cash flow to states going to polls, Kumaraswamy disclosed that border check-posts had been alerted and district collectors, SPs and flying squads had been told to remain vigilant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11517294", "title": "Bulbul fighters reign supreme on Makar", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The cacophony of angry birds vented the air at a Jajpur village during the two-day Makar Sankranti celebrations. Over 200 Bulbul birds were fighting a pitched battle much to the amusement of cheering spectators on the Baba Baruneswar temple's premises in Binjharpur block's Arei village. The people were even beating drums and cymbals to goad the birds.Bird fights are integral to Makar Sankranti celebrations that ended on Monday. People trap these birds from the forest and feed them a special preparation of herbs to prepare them for the big fight. \"The preparations for the event begin at least two weeks in advance with people catching birds with bamboo traps and other baits,\" village elder Sarbeswar Behera said. \"They don't feed anything to the bird a day before the fight, which enrages it and they vent their anger while fighting,\" said Nabaghan Rout of Arei.The winter chill could not dampen the spirit of the people. \"This event comes only once a year and so we try to celebrate it in a befitting manner,\" Bibhuti Jena, a school teacher of Arei village. Many Bulbuls won cash prizes during the celebrations.The fights having been taking place despite appeals by animal rights activists. \"We have been for long seeking a ban on bird fight under Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. It's a pity that the authorities haven't been able to stop the practice ,\" said Sudhanshu Parida, secretary of the district unit of People for Animals.The organizers say this is an age-old practice with which they will continue. \"We view this as our duty to maintain this tradition,\" Tapan Swain, a local said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517336", "title": "Customs seize 122kg of dried sea cucumber", "text": "CHENNAI: Air intelligence unit of Chennai airport customs on Sunday detained three persons and seized 122 kg of sea cucumber from them. The trio has been handed over to the wildlife department for further action. Sea cucumbers are used in medicines in China and South-East Asian countries.During interrogation the men were identified as Sikkander Hameed, Mohamed Sirajudheen and Ibrahim Mohamed Rafeek. All three had Indian passports and were bound for Singapore via Colombo.Customs officials intercepted the three men based on a suspicion that they might be carrying contraband/prohibited goods in their baggage. While examining their baggage, the officers found dried sea cucumbers. Further inspection revealed that none had permit issued by the chief wildlife warden for export of sea cucumbers.As export of sea cucumbers is prohibited under the provisions of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, the passengers along with the seized goods were handed over to the officers of the wildlife department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519566", "title": "Appa Londhe gang member arrested after eight years", "text": "PUNE: Arjun Mahadeo Kokate (48), a member of the Appa Londhe gang, who had been absconding for eight years, was arrested on Monday evening by the Loni Kalbhor police.Kokate was picked up from his hideout at Bori village in Yevat, following a tip-off.Speaking to TOI, inspector Suhas Garud, in charge of the Loni Kalbhor police station, said that a police team, which had been following the case, had received information of Kokate's frequent visits to Bori village.Garud said that Kokate, a former deputy sarpanch of Urali Kanchan gram panchayat, had been absconding ever since Londhe and others were arrested in 2004 under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA). Kokate is also wanted in six cases pertaining to extortion and body offences, registered at the Loni Kalbhor and Yevat police stations.In the last eight years Kokate had not visited his house in Urali Kanchan where his wife and family live, said Garud. Investigations reveal that he had started living in a room at Bori village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lodhi club", "code": "11518454", "title": "Gayatri Club celebrates bonfire festival remembering Asa Singh Mastana", "text": "LODHI CLUB: For making young generation aware of the legendary Punjabi singer late Asa Singh Mastana, members of Gaytri Ladies Club celebrated Lohri by organizing a cultural programme on Monday. The members danced on the famous songs sung by the late Punjabi singer in order to introduce youngsters to the traditional songs of Punjabi culture. The members danced to the songs like \"Balle Ni Punjab Diye Sher Bachiye'', and \"Kali Teri Gut Te Pranda Tera Lal Ni''. The members also enjoyed bonfire with peanuts, rewadi and gajak.The continuous rain could not dampen the spirit of club members, who came dressed in traditional Punjabi attire to mark the occasion. Neha Nagi was given the first prize for wearing traditional dress at the occasion.Talking about the event, Ravneet Kaur, resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"Asa Singh Mastana was a traditional Punjabi musician and singer. He was best known for lending his voice to the hit Bollywood film, \"Heer'' and lend his voice to the famous song \"Main Jat Yamla Pagla Deewana'' picturized on Dharmendra.''After giving a dance performance, homemaker and resident of Civil Lines, Arpana Aggarwal said they really enjoyed the event. \"I enjoyed kikli and music. It was like everybody went back to their childhood days while enjoying the function.''Dancing on Punjabi song, a resident of BRS Nagar Deepti Gupta said, \"We organize an event like this every year. This year we got a little delayed due to bad weather but since we had to celebrate Lohri at all cost, we decided to celebrate today.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11518482", "title": "Harvard prof interacts with PCTE students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) students on Monday interacted with Nicholas Nugent, a senior marketing professor from Harvard University , US. He is in PCTE for a course on international marketing, which about 250 students attended on Monday, where he mixed examples and anecdotes with experiential work to make it a day of fun learning. Nugent said it was his first visit to the city.Nugent, who has been teaching for three decades, dwelled on innovation as a success mantra, trade barriers and market segmentation.Kapil Sahni, a student of BBA-II and resident of Rajguru Nagar, said he learned the importance of customer relationships for a company's success and how Japanese companies have set a landmark in it. MBA students Gurvansh of Janta Enclave and Gagandeep Kaur of BRS Nagar said they picked up tips on what to do and what not to do during recession in an economy so that profits can be maximized and loses minimized. For Vishav Gupta, a resident of Rajguru Nagar, the session helped understand strategies to deal with the highly volatile markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517660", "title": "SC: Build night shelters in all govt hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday urged the Delhi government to take steps to set up night shelters in and around all government hospitals in the city to protect patients and relatives from the biting cold and expressed happiness over the prompt action taken by All India Institute of Medical Sciences in this regard.A bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra said poor people requiring specialized treatment came to Delhi from all over the country.\"The difficulty is the inadequacy of infrastructure available at the hospitals. Delhi probably needs many more AIIMS like hospitals to cater to people coming to Delhi from all over India. And at this time of the year, the government must take steps to protect and preserve human lives from biting cold by building night shelters in all government hospitals in the city,\" the bench said.The joint inspection of night shelters carried out by the court commissioners and the officials of Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board ( DUSIB) showed that many of those using the night shelters were old and destitute, and were suffering from critical illnesses in the absence of health care.The SC asked Delhi government to inspect all the night shelters, identify those needing medical help and admit those in government hospitals who needed constant medical attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11519776", "title": "Chemical stench fouls up Vizag air", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The festival mood in the port city was fouled up by an intensely oppressive chemical smell that has hung in the air for last two days. While residents complained of severe breathing problems and were in distinctly low spirits, there was no response from the state Pollution Control Board (PCB) which continued to be in a holiday mood.Several residents felt suffocated in the putrid smell of the chemicals that were released into the environment with the nausea accompanied by retching in some cases. The people were almost choked by the strong smell of chemicals and effluents.EAS Sarma, convenor of the Forum for Better Visakha ,alleged that despite HPCL being served with a notice by PCB asking it to check air pollution, which caused severe inconvenience to people last year in November, the release of chemicals continues.Recently, thousands of dead fish were found floating in the waters near the shipbuilding yard. Although complaints have been filed, PCB is yet to come up with any tangible solution to the emission of poisonous gases and effluents.\"The PCB and state government's inaction is leading to slow-poisoning of the people of Vizag, an offence that is punishable under law,\" Sarma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517257", "title": "Age row in court: Govt red-faced, but won\u2019t sack Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as its inept handling of the Army chief's age controversy comes under attack from various quarters, government sources insisted that they took what was the most sound legal course of action while handling General V K Singh's demand.The Army chief's writ petition in the Supreme Court came even as the national security advisor, on the prime minister's instruction, and others in the government were trying to figure out a solution to the entire issue. In fact, as late as last week, a senior member of the Cabinet told TOI that he was hopeful of an \"amicable settlement\" to the issue.Government sources said their decisions on Gen Singh's demand were shaped by what was legally the most sound advice available to them. It was precisely because of this that the defence ministry obtained three opinions from the attorney general on Gen Singh's demand. \"At every stage, we wanted to be very sure that we are taking what is legally the most sound decision because we anticipated that our decision would be challenged in the courts,\" a senior government source said.The government was also concerned that any decision which was not legally sound, and seemed to favour Gen Singh, would end up \"dividing the Army\", further adding to the fissures within the ranks. \"We couldn't favour anyone at all,\" he said.If the government were to accept Gen Singh's contention that he was born in 1951 and not 1950, it would have changed the accepted line of succession and resulted in Lt Gen K T Parnaik becoming the next chief.According to the government's stand, Gen Singh's retirement on May 31, 2012 will pave the way for Lt Gen Bikram Singh, who heads the Eastern Army Command, to take over as the next chief. The government is generally guided by the seniority principle in selection of Army chief.Government sources insisted that they had not looked at possible administrative decisions in response to Gen Singh's unprecedented decision to move court. Indications emerging from within the government are that it may not prefer a very aggressive line, such as dismissing him from service. While the Army chief enjoys the right to move a legal forum, the fact that he is challenging the government is an uncomfortable position for many within the system.Sources also said the government was ready to present all documents related to the case before the Supreme Court. Among them are a host of documents attesting to its claim that Gen Singh's official year of birth is 1950. Most particularly, the MoD is expected to present before the court three undertakings given by Gen Singh since becoming a lieutenant general that he would abide by the decision of the Army Headquarters/MoD on the age issue. The last undertaking was given just a few days before he was appointed Army chief, and it was addressed to the then Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor and copied to then defence secretary Pradeep Kumar.In the last undertaking Gen Singh explicitly committed not to rake up the issue of age and to abide by the decision of the government. Sources said this was given by Gen Singh after some media reports appeared in the run-up to his selection as Army chief.Gen VK Singh's date trouble:1965: Date of Birth (DoB) filled as May 10, 1950, in UPSC application form (Gen Singh says it was done by a school teacher)1967/68: Gen Singh submits school certificate showing 1951 as year of birth1974-75: Army List published showing 1950The age row: TimelineArmy's Adjutant General branch records DoB as May 10, 1951, but Military Secretary's branch records it as May 10, 19502002: Gen Singh demands the differing records be reconciled2006: Gen Singh is promoted to Lt-Gen rank, says he was forced to give an undertaking accepting 1950 as the year of birth2008: When he is promoted as Army Commander, he gives an undertaking again to maintain 1950 as his year of birth, but Gen Singh's supporters say it was extracted under coercionEarly 2010: Just before his appointment as the chief in April, Gen Singh writes to then Army chief and defence secy, saying the issue was a closed chapterOctober 2010: An RTI application is filed by an IAS officer seeking Army chief's birth date. It is referred to legal adviser to MoD, who says the chief was born in 1951May 6, 2011: MoD objects to being bypassed in seeking legal opinion and Army HQs efforts to correct recordsMay 2011: Army chief petitions MoD on the issue, demands 'reconciliation' of his DoBJuly 2011: MOD rejects the demand, based on Attorney General's opinionAugust 2011: Gen Singh files a statutory complaint with defence minister AK AntonyDecember 2011: MoD rejects the statutory complaint, based on Attorney General's opinionJanuary 16, 2012: Gen Singh moves SC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521784", "title": "Kunal, Naina's hide and seek at Ramola Bachchan's bash", "text": "The talking point is Ramola Bachchan's high-profile do in the Capital over the weekend to launch a luxury furniture brand.While this diarist had told you about her efforts to rebuild her career after her misadventure as a restaurateur, the latest event saw her more surefooted and in her elements surrounded by a gaggle of Delhi and Mumbai high-fliers.We believe, Ramona had even flown down her Mumbai guests and hosted them at a swank five-star property in Delhi for the event. But what caught this hawk-eyed diarist's attention was a certain Mumbai lad. Kunal Kapoor, who has been dodging questions about his romantic liaison with Ramola and Ajitabh's daughter Naina ever since it came into public domain, was there to show his support for Ramola.Not surprisingly, the strapping actor made a solo entry and maintained a studied distance from Naina. But when it was time to leave, the couple sneaked out together. Perhaps he did not know that this diarist's eyes and ears travel far and wide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11517901", "title": "Poor turnout for literary fest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city extended a lukewarm reception to the second literary festival here on Monday. While about 100 delegates from across the country and abroad turned up for the Hyderabad Literary Festival-2012, city literary enthusiasts kept away from the three-day event. The audience on the first day mostly comprised students and faculty members from universities and colleges in the city.Even as many participants blamed the venue, which is too far from the city, for the low turn out, organizers said that two shuttle buses will ply from Mehdipatnam to the event venue at Taramati Baradari at 9 am and 9.30 am from Tuesday. Some sessions on the inaugural day, including the inaugural session attended by renowned poet Gulzar, saw a moderately good participation.There was a feeling among some audience that the organizers should have invited more literary personalities. \"The fest does not have many known figures of the Indian English literature. Many of the sessions are chaired by academicians from the city who most people are not familiar with. The organisers should have brought such writers of repute whom Hyderabadis would otherwise miss to see,\" said P S Harinath, principal, Government Junior College for Girls, West Marredpally.However, some participants complained that the local flavour was missing at the literary festival. \"It's important to give a slot for Telugu literature in the festival. Since there is a session on translations alone, there should have been a separate session for Telugu literature to draw more local literary enthusiasts to the event,\" said Prof Prabhakar Rao, a translator.For some participants, however, the festival laid a rich cultural foundation in Hyderabad. \"This is only the beginning. In the coming years, more number of people would become aware of this cultural wave and participate in it. The event can be a great experience for literature enthusiasts as so many authors converge at the same venue to interact with them,\" said Aparajita Sinha, who runs Moving Images.\"The discussions and the topics are interesting. I think it is a good place to interact with authors we have only read about,\" said Pranshi Upadhyay, a BA Honors student of English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu). The festival also had the participation of small literary and theatre groups from the city.The organizers said that the turnout on the first day was encouraging. \"About 200 people including the delegates attended the inaugural session. Hyderabad is a culturally fertile city and if the festival is conducted every year, we can expect the number of participants to grow year after year,\" said Amita Desai, one of the organizers of the event. The organizers said that most festivals in metros like Delhi and Mumbai started out as small events but developed into big ones as years went by and the same is expected to happen in Hyderabad too. \"People who have turned up for the event are those who are really interested in literature,\" Desai said. In the inaugural session, Chandana Khan, secretary, tourism, announced that Taramati Baradari would be made the permanent venue for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11521382", "title": "HCL Tech Q2 net up 43.3%", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT company HCL Technologies posted 43.3 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 572.7 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2011.The company's net profit stood at Rs 399.7 crore in the October-December quarter of 2010, HCL Technologies said in a statement.The company follows July-June fiscal year. HCL Tech's revenues stood at Rs 5,245.2 crore during the reporting quarter, up 34.9 per cent from Rs 3,888.4 crore in the same quarter of FY'11.\"HCL continues to increase its market share both qualitatively and quantitatively by leveraging its multi-service capability ...\"This combined with 18 new transformational deal wins bears testimony to the uniqueness of HCL's business model in the current environment,\" company's Vice-Chairman and CEO Vineet Nayar said.The board has declared an interim dividend of Rs 2 per equity share of Rs 2 face value .The company's cash and cash-equivalents stood at Rs 601 crore as on December 31, 2011.\"The sequential margin expansion of 150 bps and EBIT and EPS growth of 42.6 per cent and 29 per cent year-on-year respectively in this quarter is a result of our continued investment in business that has resulted in higher returns for our shareholders,\" HCL Tech CFO Anil Chanana said.Going forward, the company remains watchful of the volatile currency movements and will continue with its layered hedging policy, he added.\"As the uncertainty around economic environment continues, the world will demand companies to be deeply conscious of the accompanying social sensitivities.\"As economies contract and the job environment remains challenged, we at HCL are committed to creating local jobs, contributing to the welfare of local communities and pushing the pedal on enterprise philanthropy in continuing cognizance of our social responsibility,\" HCL Tech Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer Shiv Nadar said.During the quarter, the company added 7,804 (gross) and 2,556 (net) employees, taking its total headcount to 83,076 by the end of December 31, 2011.HCL signed 18 deals with total contract value exceeding $1 billion this quarter. These deals were across sectors like BFSI, Healthcare and Aerospace and include AstraZeneca, BD and CEVA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11518133", "title": "Rallies, seminars, make road safety drive a success", "text": "GONDIA: The road safety fortnight drive conducted by Gondia RTO and department of police from January 1, was a huge success. Rallies, seminars and competitions were organized to highlight importance of traffic awareness among youths. Many non-government organizations like Lions Club, JCS club, high schools actively participated in the drive.The 15-day long drive concluded in the presence of additional superintendent of police Anil Paraskar and resident deputy collector of Gondia NKP Rao. Winners were awarded during the concluding function. NGOs had sponsored prizes for essay and painting competitions.A brochure explaining the traffic rules in simple language were distributed during the 15-day-drive. Deputy regional officer SK Wadekar, in his introductory speech, called upon the youths, school students to remember the traffic rules. Rao pointed out that India had the highest rate of accidents. He advised the drivers to be more careful while driving and only focus on reaching the destination safely.Assistant superintendent of police Anil Paraskar said it was surprising to see people breaking the traffic rules which were actually meant for their safety.PI Sunil Ghuse proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518502", "title": "360 delegates to attend second bird watchers conference", "text": "Ahmedabad: The second bird watchers conference, scheduled to begin from January 19, will be attended by 360 delegates, students and researchers. 95 delegates will be from 38 different countries.Tourism minister Jaynarayan Vyas said, \"Gujarat is fast emerging as an eco-tourism destination; boasting of a wide range of pristine and even hitherto unexplored destinations for avid nature lovers. The state hosts over 520 species of birds, and has been attracting these wonderful creatures for decades.\"Gujarat Tourism in partnership with Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FIis organizing the Second Global Bird Watchers' Conference 2012, from January 19 in Gandhinagar.Vyas said that encouraged by the success of the first Global Bird Watchers' Conference in November 2010 held in Khijadiya, near Jamnagar, Gujarat, it has been decided to organize the second conference at Gandhinagar.The conference is being held at a time when large numbers of migratory birds shall visit Gujarat. Vyas said the objective is to promote Gujarat as a special bird watching destination. The USP of the conference would be the exclusive focus on capitalizing on the location and natural advantage of Gujarat. He said the delegates will be sent in groups. The first group will head to Nalsarovar, Little Rann of Kutch and Thol, while another group would go to Bhavnagar Coastal Wetlands and Velavadar - Ahmedabad and the third for Tarapur Wetlands and Khambhat.However, Vyas admitted that the state still lagged behind when it comes to getting recognition for the water bodies. \"We have just woken up and things will be sorted soon,\" Vyas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517677", "title": "Inky row: Black paint flung at Sonia poster", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brawl erupted outside the Congress headquarters here on Monday evening when some persons claiming to be supporters of Baba Ramdev threw black ink on a poster of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi . Ramdev was attacked with black ink at a conference on Saturday.Police broke up Monday's melee after angry Congress workers beat up some of the vandals. A large number of policemen were deployed at the party's Akbar Road headquarters after the incident for which the fringe group, Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, claimed responsibility. The same group had also claimed responsibility for the attack on Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan last October.While Anna condemned the Sena's latest act as \"undemocratic\", Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi blamed \"political opponents, including the BJP but also other so-called peripheral and marginal elements indirectly trying to promote the BJP agenda\".\"Around 25 men and women converged at 24, Akbar Road and threw black paint on the poster. They also raised slogans against Sonia and Congress before the party workers who had come out in large numbers,'' said Dharmendra Kumar, special commissioner of police (law and order).Sources said most of the Congress workers were camping at the headquarters for party tickets. Two of the vandals - Narendra Dabbas from Kanjhawala and Tribhuvan Singh from Mehrauli - were caught and booked for promoting enmity among classes.Video footage of the area is also being analyzed.The Sena had earlier warned of 'action' against all those who had 'conspired' against Baba Ramdev after the yoga guru raised the issue of black money. Eyewitnesses said the vandals came with a banner of Yuva Bharat Kisan Panchayat. \"They shouted slogans against Sonia and Rahul Gandhi and proclaimed attacks on religious gurus would not be tolerated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11517995", "title": "Prostitution racket busted, two held", "text": "COIMBATORE: An internet prostitution racket was busted and two touts were arrested by the city police on Monday. A special team under deputy commissioner of police Hema Karunakaran and inspector R Srinivasalu busted the network working in Saibaba Colony, Peelamedu.According to police sources, the gang used to entrap customers through internet and ask them to come to Gandhipuram station. \"From there, they would be asked to come to another place. At last, when they reach the house at Saibaba Colony in Peelamedu, the gang would take away the mobile phones from the customers,\" sources said. The police got a tip-off and laid the trap. Two touts, Ramesh (24) and Ravi (23), both from Bangalore were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518244", "title": "Standard IX girl hangs self to death", "text": "NAGPUR: A 17-year-old standard IX girl was found hanging from the ceiling of her residence at Jagdish Nagar near Friends Colony on Monday. Aarti Bhowtik, who hanged herself with a piece of cloth, was the eldest of three siblings. Her family members were unable to furnish any reason why the school student took the drastic step.Aarti was supposed to go to school along with younger sister Puja but she opted to stay at home. Father Premlal said his elder daughter would help her younger sister get ready and they would leave for school together. \"Aarti skipped school on the pretext of feeling uneasy,\" he said.Several neighbours said the chirpy girl had routine conversation with them just like any other day. She was seemingly not in any kind of tension. Premlal too said Aarti did not show signs of any discomfort. \"She did not seem to be hassled for any reason that we know of,\" he said.\"Aarti prepared food for the entire family in the morning. I leave for work every morning at Cotton Market and Aarti's mother leaves home at 9am. Aarti ensured that all leave home after having food,\" said the grieving father.Puja came back from school at 5.30pm. She was followed by youngest sibling Prakash after some time. Puja was surprised to see the door was locked from inside and so were the windows. She sought help from neighbours, who forced the door open. Aarti's body was spotted hanging from the ceiling in the front room.Prakash informed his father who rushed home. Cops from Gittikhadan police station said there was no suicide note in the room. The case has been recorded as accidental death and body sent for post mortem to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and hospital.Premlal said it was unbelievable for him since there were no signs of tension, and Aarti even practised for an upcoming dance programme the previous evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519563", "title": "Promises yet to bear fruit for bhadohi", "text": "VARANASI: While announcing a handsome package of Rs 6,234 crore for handloom sector on November 19, 2011, Union minister for commerce and textiles Anand Sharma had also promised some booty for the famous carpet belt of Mirzapur-Bhadohi. However, the supposed beneficiaries are still awaiting perks. \"We have got nothing out of this announcement so far. In fact, all such announcements are just poll promises that are never kept,\" said a person associated with the All India Carpet Manufacturers Association (AICMA), Bhadohi.According to the announcement made by Sharma, a sum of Rs 100 crore would be invested in the carpet industry. The work on mega handloom cluster for carpet in Mirzapur-Bhadohi, which was approved on May 9, 2011, should have begun within a month. It was to cover the training of 20,000 weavers, re-establishment/ up gradation of 20,000 looms, and loan facility of Rs 50 crore. The area spread in 5500 square km it would cover 75% of carpet export from India. The components of the announced package included skill development, assistance to weavers and entrepreneurs, common facility centre, market development, technology up gradation, design and product development, testing laboratory, participation in trade fairs.Obviously like handloom sector of silk industry, the carpet industry of Bhadohi is also struggling with problems like shortage of skilled weavers and poor infrastructure. Promises are made during elections, but the situation remains the same.It is believed that centuries ago, some Iranian master weavers stopped at Madhosingh village near Khamaria in Bhadohi while travelling in India. They established the first loom and manufactured the first carpet in India. Today, the Bhadohi-Mirzapur is the biggest carpet manufacturing hub of the country. The Bhadohi-Mirzapur carpet belt is known for its rich heritage in the field of handicraft and handlooms. This cottage-based industry is eco-friendly because the natural wool, silk and cotton are biodegradable. This carpet belt of UP supports the largest hand-loomed carpet industry of the world. The hand knotting gives the carpet its essential quality - its uniqueness with own designs and colour schemes.According to the AICMA president Onkar Nath Mishra, the carpet industry of the country witnessed a decline in 2008-09 and is still recovering from the loss. Presently, India is exporting carpets worth of about Rs 4000 crore, including Rs 1700 crore from UP, to different countries. More than 20 lakh persons are engaged directly and indirectly in this industry. In UP, the carpet industry is spread over districts of Sant Ravidas Nagar Bhadohi, Mirzapur, Sonbhadra, Varanasi, Chandauli, Allahabad, Kaushambi, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Sitapur, Shahjahanpur, Hardoi and Agra. The carpet industry is entirely export-oriented and more than 95% of the production is exported.According to the records of the Carpet Export Promotion Council (CEPC), the organisation established by the Ministry of Textiles of the Government of India to promote the export of hand-knotted rugs and all other types and styles of floor coverings from India, the export of carpet declined from Rs 3,674.86 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 2,708.73 crore in 2008-09.The handmade carpet of Bhadohi was granted the Geographical Indication (GI) in September 2010. With this certification, the handmade carpet manufactured in the nine districts of the region including Bhadohi, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ghazipur, Sonbhadra, Kaushambi, Allahabad, Jaunpur and Chandauli would be tagged with 'handmade carpet of Bhadohi'. According to carpet exporter Ashok Kapoor, the carpet industry is growing with increased volume of export at national level, but this region is still lacking proper growth.According to a report of the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) on the floor-covering cluster of Bhadohi, the availability of trained craftsmen in weaving, finishing process is very limited leading to low productivity and high wastage. The Bhadohi floor covering cluster is concentrated in Bhadohi and Mirzapur districts.The main products of the cluster included knotted carpets (60%), tufted carpets (25%), shaggy carpets (10%) and durries (5%). While the demand for knotted and tufted carpets is declining, the demand for shaggy and synthetic carpets is showing increasing trend due to change in customer tastes and affordability.India is the major exporter of knotted carpets followed by Iran and together they contribute 50% of the global knotted carpet production. However there is five per cent reduction in global exports from 2004 to 2009 due to competition from synthetic carpets, economic recession and changing market trends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11518345", "title": "In dark, city blames MC apathy", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are feeling powerless, quite literally. They have been facing 12-hour-long power cuts for last 20 days and despite several complaints, the power officials feign their powerless-ness too. The residents of Chander Nagar, Naseeb Enclave, Civil City, Sandhu Nagar, Aman Vihar, Pritam Nagar, Vidhan Singh Nagar and New Chander Nagar are the main sufferers and irked by this pathetic attitude of the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL), a group of around 20 people met superintendent engineer of PSPCL and requested him for looking into the matter. The residents said their areas were being fed from a feeder on Jassian Road, which is unable to take the load of so many areas and that is why they have to battle such woes.A businessman and resident of Civil City, Deepak Kumar said, \"During the day, we are facing almost 12 hours of power cuts and sometimes even four hours of cut during the night. Cuts for such long durations hamper the daily routine and the worst part is, officials do not listen to us.\"Echoing the same, a shopkeeper and resident of Naseeb Enclave, Anil Gupta said power failure even spoiled their Lohri celebrations, which was very disappointing. He said they have complained several times to the officials for increasing the capacity of feeder, but they do not listen to them.When contacted, PSPCL superintending engineer Rachpal Singh said, \"The residents had come and have been given the assurance that we will solve the problem as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518220", "title": "Naxals may sway voters in Zilla Parishad polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxals have already announced their intention to oppose the forthcoming Zilla Parishad (ZP) polls, but it is learnt that their influence will decide the fate of many contenders in the elections scheduled in two phases in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district next month.Unlike the Lok Sabha and state assembly elections, it is learnt that Naxals take considerable interest in the ZP polls, as they elect leaders from among the local population. In the last ZP polls here in Gadchiroli in 2007, the Naxals had ensured that voters supported their favourite candidates. \"In many villages, entire panels would be decided as per tips from the rebels and no one dared to say anything against them,\" said a local Gadchiroli resident.Naxals are always keen to ensure that their favourite contestants come through in ZP polls, as a sizeable chunk of development and infrastructural projects, apart from considerable money in government schemes, are implemented through the local body.Once the Naxal-supported elected candidates get into different ZP committees and other bodies, the rebels do not have to think about the kickbacks from the money involved in the sanctioned works and schemes. The work may or may not take place, but the rebels would never be denied of the monetary benefits. In addition, they would also remain informed about various government schemes and civil strategies.According to a senior administration official, Naxals influencing ZP polls may be a reality in the remote villages of the district like Pendri, Gatta, Regdi, Asar Ali and Bhamragarh, and other remote places. \"Naxals have openly opposed the polls but it is quite possible that they may have their moles trying to establish their foothold in the ZP,\" said the officer.A local resident said ambitious candidates know that their wins in some villages would be almost certain if they could win the support of the rebels, who dominate a sizeable part of the forested and tribal district. \"Some candidates blatantly approach the Naxals for blessings. All the Naxals have to do is come to the village and ask villagers to ensure that the candidate emerges victorious or else they would face the consequences,\" said villagers.Police have found Naxal pamphlets urging people to drive out from their villages senior politicians like former minister Dharmarao Baba Atram and first time elected MLA Deepak Atram when they try to campaign for their candidates. The pamphlets also urge residents to boycott all leading political parties like Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and BJP.It is also learnt that a section of the Naxals are backing the Nag-Vidarbha Andolan Samiti, which is being led by Amrish Atram in the ZP poll run up. An unconfirmed source said the rebels are showing unprecedented sympathy for the separatist party.While Naxals are known to be gearing up with their local plans, the security forces too are preparing a security plan for the polls on February 7 in North Gadchiroli and February 12 in the southern part of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11519267", "title": "Sugar may help halt esophageal cancer", "text": "LONDON: In what's perceived to be a major development , researchers claim to have for the first time halted esophageal cancer in its tracks \"by using sugar\" .An international team says it has identified changes in patterns of sugar molecules that line pre-cancerous cells in esophagus, a condition called Barrett's dysplasia, thus making it much easier to detect and remove these cells before they develop into esophageal cancer.The findings have important implications for patients and may pave the way for prevention of development of the cancer, the researchers said. Individuals with a pre-cancerous condition known as Barrett's esophagus are at an increased risk of developing esophageal cancer, and need to be closely monitored to make sure that the disease is not progressing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519006", "title": "Economics school was VC's dream", "text": "BANGALORE: A Bangalore School of Economics (BSE) - which died a premature death when the Jindals withdrew their offer of a Rs 100-crore grant - was vice-chancellor's N Prabhu Dev's most ambitious project. Designed to meet global standards, it was accepted by the academic council in May 2011.A study group was formulated later that month with the VC and Mohandas Pai as chairman. The committee met seven times before submitting a 52-page report to the governor in November 2011.Despite TOI's repeated efforts to contact him, Prabhu Dev was not available for comment.Taking a dig at the Jindals, one academic council member had said at Friday's meeting: \"The important aspect missing here is whether protocol has been followed or not. We could have also looked at others who may have been interested in investing and then picked the best deal. Why only Jindals?\"\"Let all those wise men in the council answer posterity for their act of killing a project which would have been otherwise unique and wonderful, and would have gone a long way to further enhance the prestige and stature of the university. Our best wishes for them,\" the Jindal letter signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519335", "title": "Shrouding of statues: HC reserves verdict on PIL", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday reserved its judgment on a PIL seeking quashing of the January 7 order of the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) whereby statues of Uttar Pradesh chief minister (CM) Mayawati and BSP party symbol elephants were directed to be covered.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Ramesh Sinha on a PIL filed by Dhiraj Pratap Singh after hearing all the parties concerned. The Election Commission (EC) had directed that the statues of Mayawati and elephants, mostly in Noida and Lucknow, be covered so that BSP may not get undue advantage in the 2012 assembly elections. Appearing for the petitioner, his counsel contented that CEC's order was violative of Article 25 of the Constitution which provides religious freedom to a citizen. Being symbol of Lord Ganesha, elephants represent a religion, therefore, the EC order to cover the statues of elephants amounts to violation of fundamental right of a particular community, the petitioner contended. The same petitioner had earlier filed a PIL seeking relief against the said order of the Election Commission but his PIL was dismissed as withdrawn by a division bench of the Allahabad High Court.The court, on the earlier occasion, had dismissed the PIL on the ground that the petitioner had not disclosed his credentials which had been required for filing a PIL under the rules of the high court. Now, the petitioner has filed the present PIL by removing the defect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11519868", "title": "Students urge govt to include forests in heritage list", "text": "BIJAPUR: Students from more than 15 high schools of Gulbarga and Bijapur centres went around the main streets of Bijapur on Friday and submitted a memorandum to the state government requesting that the government give-up the 10 forest spots of the state for inclusion in the Heritage List. They put forth this demand on the eve of International Forest Year.The rally for creating awareness about forest protection consisting of more than seven dozen students commenced from APMC and went around the main streets of the city. All the students shouted slogans asking for protection of forests.Their other demand was preservation of natural wealth which is more important nowadays. Grabbing valuable land for industrial or commercial purpose has been criticized by students throughout the rally. Students also demanded planting of trees.They urged the state government to protect natural wealth like lakes, rivers and wells from pollution. Saint Annamma Church chief Vijayraju, Father Michel, Gulbarga religious head C Anita, F S Sachetakar, Sham Manzys, Santosh Daias and Loyola school teachers guided the students.Student Nishan Sharuun submitted a memorandum which was signed by all the students and given to the father of the Church after which it was forwarded to the deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519794", "title": "Surgeries at Gandhi, OGH hit as medicos stir enters Day 3", "text": "HYDERABAD: Patient care was paralysed at all the state-run hospitals in the city on the third day of the junior doctors' strike. There was a marked reduction in surgeries even as the government doctors struggled to manage the heavy work load all by themselves. At Osmania General Hospital (OGH), 600 medicos were off duty and at Gandhi Hospital, over 500 boycotted ward duties, out-patient (OP) services and routine surgeries. Only emergencies were taken care of without any hindrance. OGH superintendent said that he had now written to the government to depute doctors to prevent medical services from getting disrupted.Patients lamented that in the absence of junior doctors, the waiting time at the OP almost doubled. \"I came at 8.30 am and by the time my turn came, it was 10.30 am. The doctor said that I might have to undergo appendicitis surgery, but he did not give me a date in view of the strike. I was asked to come back when the strike is called off,\" G Shankarayya said at Osmania General Hospital.While this was the case at OP, a chunk of the surgeries slated for Monday had to be postponed indefinitely at both the tertiary care hospitals. Dr K Ramadas, superintendent, OGH, said that a letter had been sent to the government to depute additional doctors. \"The situation may worsen if the strike continues for a couple of days more. I have asked the director, medical education, to depute doctors from the urban health centres to run the services,\" said Dr Ramadas.At Gandhi Hospital, about 20% of the work was affected. \"We are trying to ensure that there is no breakdown of services,\" said Dr S Mahaboob, superintendent, Gandhi Hospital.Meanwhile, medicos held rallies, and at Gandhi Hospital, an effigy of the 'government' was burnt. The agitating medicos said they were awaiting the return of health minister D L Ravindra Reddy from Delhi. They would continue to boycott elective duties till a written assurance on their demands was given by the authorities. They have been demanding a 40% hike in stipend, regularization of payment of stipend, health insurance, deployment of special protection force at hospitals and reduction in the rural service to one year.600 Junior Docs Of OGH, 500 From Gandhi Hospital Off Duty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11517146", "title": "Special HSC coaching for Malkangiri students", "text": "KORAPUT: If an ambitious but thoughtful plan of Malkangiri district administration works, more students from disadvantaged backgrounds can be seen crossing the Class X barrier to pursue higher education successfully.Under the aegis of the district administration's programme called Parimarjita, students with a poor academic background are to be kept in hostels at Malkangiri, Kalimela and Chitrakonda and provided extra coaching classes to ensure they pass the HSC examination smoothly.\"Pass percentage in HSC examination in rural Malkangiri is not very encouraging. Often students fall short of a few marks to clear the examination. So to ensure that more and more students are able to clear the examination, the state government has launched the programme on a trial basis in the district for the first time. If it succeeds the programme may be implemented in other districts,\" said Malkangiri collector Balwant Singh.Officials said as many as 780 students, including 350 girls, have been selected from across the district, particularly from the worst Maoist-hit areas, and are provided with free coaching for about 10 weeks. The school and mass education department will bear the entire cost of food and accommodation of the students during the period of coaching.\"The students are not required to pay anything towards coaching classes. Individual guidance will be provided to each student by teachers and we hope that this year the district will excel in HSC examination,\" the collector said.People feel the programme will be especially helpful for students from the interior pockets of the Maoist-hit district, where education has virtually come to a standstill. \"Teachers' absenteeism is high in schools situated in the interior pockets of the district. Using the excuse of Maoist fear and bandh calls by the Naxals, teachers skip their duties due to which academic activities have all but collapsed in rural areas. Most of the time, the schools observe undeclared holidays,\" a source at Kalimela said. \"The step taken by the administration is commendable as it will provide the much needed guidance to students, which will strengthen their academic activities and will help them clear HSC examination, which is a minimum requirement for availing of various government schemes,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517584", "title": "Facelift delayed, in overdrive", "text": "CHENNAI: The renovation of Ripon Building, supposed to end by March this year, is only 45 per cent complete. Officials now say it is likely to be completed only by the end of December and cite relocation of staff and restrictions on building materials as the main reasons for the delay.With the renovation on the western wing of the headquarters of the Corporation of Chennai likely to take another three months to be completed, officers in the eastern wing will now have to bear water seepage, peeling wall paint and a foul stench for a while longer. Members of the external monitoring committee, however, say they are satisfied with the speed and quality of the work.The security guards at Ripon Building try to spend as much time outside as possible. \"The minute you enter either of these rooms, you will be overwhelmed by a terrible smell,\" said a corporation sergeant.\"Water from a first floor bathroom sometimes drips on your head.The stink is terrible so we cannot even sit inside. Sometimes you can actually see a pool of water by a corner by evening.\" Water seepage is worst in the sergeants' room, leading to the lime plastering peeling off the walls exposing bricks.Corporation officials admit the renovation is behind schedule.Work began by end of 2009 after Rs 7.7 crore was sanctioned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. The officials say the main reason for the delay was the problem they encountered while moving councillors to other parts of the building during the refurbishing. The use of lime plastering in the structure and restrictions on renovation procedures added to the delays.\"We could not move councilors and heads in the western wing till the elections.We were able to get the chief engineer and deputy commissioners to move to the eastern wing only after the polls after which work on the eastern wing commenced. Also lime plastering takes 45 days to solidify compared to cement, which takes a week,\" said a corporation engineer.Intach,which is monitoring the project, insisted that only lime be used to maintain the historic integrity of the 98-year-old heritage building. The reasons for the delay had been explained to the JNNURM committee in a meeting held in Delhi recently. Officials admit that water seepage across the building was a reason for the lime plastering deteriorating. Correcting the water flow and electric wiring is likely to take a long time. \"Most of the piping was done decades ago. We will have to remove the toilets and find the source of the water. We will make sure all seepage is blocked as lime plastering dissolves when exposed to water,\" the engineer said.Plastering and ornamenting work on the exterior walls had to wait till the rainy season ended. But renovation workers are now going at full speed. They have removed all the lime plastering and redone old brick joints using special mortar. The limestone in the eastern has been strengthened and all dilapidated toilets in the verandah on the second floor demolished as ordered by the monitoring agencies.\"We are proceeding fast on the pointing and grouting (injecting material into isolated pores). The lime plastering over the years had lost its binding quality, so we have injected chemicals for it,\" said a corporation official. Experts monitoring the renovation work say there have been no delays that could have been avoided and the workmanship has been admirable. \"Considering the scale of the project, it has been moving at a good speed. So far, the materials and workmanship have been constantly monitored and tested by independent laboratories\" said IIT-Madras assistant professor Arun Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11519360", "title": "Priyanka ties up loose ends on home turf", "text": "AMETHI: Breaking the spell of two years' absence, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra had a busy day in Amethi on Monday. She spent more than 10 hours meeting workers from the assembly constituencies of the family pocket borough Amethi and Rae Bareli.Priyanka was last seen in Amethi more than two years ago during the previous Lok Sabha election in 2009. Her two-year-long absence was forgiven and forgotten the moment the exultant crowd thronging the Munshiganj guesthouse on Monday, caught a fleeting glimpse of a smiling and waving Priyanka drive past the gates.She is here on a two-day tour to finalize candidates for Amethi and Rae Bareli and fine-tune loose ends in the twin districts. This is one task she has undertaken with unfailing regularity since 1999 when she debuted here as the star campaigner and election agent of her mother Sonia Gandhi. Priyanka has since played in key role in handling elections in the family bastion. In 2002 and 2007, she took charge of the state assembly polls and in 2004 and 2009, she pitched in for brother Rahul when he contested the Lok Sabha seat from Amethi. And now as the AICC general secretary criss-crosses the state spearheading the party's election campaign in UP, Priyanka has stepped in to fill in the void on the home turf.On Monday, hundreds of Congressmen and women patiently awaited their turn, some with suggestions, others with petty complaints against colleagues, or local officials. \"Now that she is here, everything will be sorted out,\" said Nirmala Devi, a Congress worker from Gauriganj who led a pack of female singers stationed at the gate of the guesthouse where the Gandhi scion was meeting the workers. Surprisingly, the clamour for Priynaka's initiation into politics seems to be dying down. \"It is her life and her decision. Who are we to suggest,\" Devi said. So, even though there is general demand for her presence in the state, she is most unlikely to step beyond Amethi and Rae Bareli. During her daylong visit, she was unusually reticent and chose to remain closeted in the guesthouse, keeping away from media.During the non-stop 10-hour meeting, she met more than 2,000 workers from four assembly segments - Gauriganj, Tiloi, Amethi and Jagdishpur. In a significant decision, she changed the candidate for Jagdishpur constituency and replaced the sitting MLA Ram Sevak Dhobi with his grandson Radhey Shyam. A ninetime MLA from Jagdishpur and a staunch family loyalist, Rae Sevak, who is now nearing 90, opted out of the contest due to health reason and proposed the name of his 40-yearold grandson.For Tiloi seat, which Congress lost to SP by a whisker last time, Priyanaka decided to retain Dr Mohammad Muslim. After a pep talk from Priyanka, Muslim said that he was sure of a much better show. \"Last time, I lost by 219 votes but this election will more than make up for the loss,: he said. In Gauriganj, Mohammad Naseem would be contesting once again, Priyanka decided after consulting local party workers and representatives. Amethi MLA Amita Singh emerged as a natural choice for the constituency. She had won by 15,000 votes last time. Priynaka, sources said, exhorted the workers to repeat the 1985 magic when the Congress had bagged all ten assembly seats in Amethi and Rae Bareli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521630", "title": "Movies, masti and cricket", "text": "The second season of the Celebrity Cricket League got off to an exciting startIt was all about movie magic and exciting sporting action at the opening of the Celebrity Cricket League-II. The season got off to a thrilling start with the first match - Mumbai Heroes v/s Telugu Warriors - ending in a draw. The packed Sharjah International Stadium witnessed some breathtaking cricketing moments when top celebrities from the Bollywood and Tollywood film Industry battled it out on the field.The opening ceremony started off with a power-packed performance by Dhinka Chika Devi Sri Prasad and Atif Aslam , which was followed by the founder and managing director of CCL, Vishnuvardhan Induri, declaring the start of CCL season II .The toss was won by the Telugu Warriors captain, Venkatesh, who elected to bat. The Tollywood team lost an early wicket with the dismissal of Tarakratna who was bowled by Sunny Singh, after which Akhil Akinneni went on to hit a half century, before being dismissed by Suniel Shetty, the captain of Mumbai Heroes.The Telugu Warriors set a target of 167 runs for the Mumbai Heroes to chase. The Bollywood team too lost an early wicket with Angad Bedi being bowled by Akhil for a duck. But an impressive 104-runs partnership between Varun Badola and Raja Bherwani saw them through. The match ultimately ended in a nail-biting tie. The high-drama match even had actor Salman Khan biting his nails in anxiety.The audiences, who were at the edge of their seats throughout the match, couldn't have asked for a better opening match with both the teams earning a point each. The Man of the Match title was shared by Varun Badola and Akhil Akinneni.The second match in Sharjah had the Chennai Rhinos and Mumbai Heroes fighting it out on January 14. Mumbai Heroes won the toss and decided to bat first. They lost a very early wicket with, AS Bedi retiring hurt having scored 1 run. Raja Bhelwani and Sunny Singh added 50 in 25 balls for the Mumbai Heroes fourth wicket; leading them to win their second match in Season II of the Celebrity Cricket League. Raja Bhelwani's 50 in 37 balls with 5 fours and 2 sixes won him the Man of the Match.The Chennai Rhinos put in a tough fight, but at the end it was the better team for the day that won. The Chennai Rhinos team was supported by team owner Gangaprasad, Sharath Kumar, Radhika Sharath Kumar and actresses Seiya Goutham, Madhushalini and Sonia Agarwal. With such an exciting start, CCL-II promises a lot more real life showbiz drama in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11517221", "title": "Several birds reported dead in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Bird flu fear spread to Ganjam with the death of birds of different species reported from various places in the district.At least four pigeons were found dead in Patrapur area in the district on Sunday, while seven crows and a kite were reported dead in the last two days from different parts of the district, said chief district veterinary officer (CDVO) of Ganjam, Atul Swain. Unofficial sources said the death toll was much higher.The death of the crows was reported from various villages in Aska, Jagannath Prasad, Patrapur and Kabisurya Nagar blocks, while the kite death was reported from Kabisurya Nagar, the CDVO informed.He said veterinary officials are watching the situation. He, however, said there was no cause for panic as there could be several reasons for the death of the birds. There were no reports of any death among the poultry fowl in the district, the CDVO said.Veterinary doctors collected blood samples from poultry fowls from different poultry farms in the district nevertheless. \"We have collected blood samples, which will be sent for testing,\" Swain said. The animal resources department has also started mass vaccination of poultry fowl in the district. The vaccination was against the Ranikhet disease, Swain said. There are 22 poultry farms in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519544", "title": "Finally, a police station at Koregaon Park", "text": "PUNE: The plan okayed by the state government three years back finally took shape as the make-shift police station at Koregaon Park area was inaugurated on Monday.City police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar opened the police station at lane no 4 A in the presence of municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and senior police officials.Though the official building is yet to be constructed, the temporary structure was opened on the 10 guntha land in a hurry, considering the workload of forthcoming civic elections. The state public works department will soon start the construction work which is expected to be completed by May.Borwankar said the police station was sanctioned in 2009, but the project was taken on a priority basis for getting a land after the German bakery bomb blast in 2010. Borwankar thanked district collector Vikas Deshmukh and PMC chief Mahesh Pathak for helping them finalise the location. She also pointed out that the public and the media had built enough pressure on the authorities to get the sanctions at the earliest.The police chief said the police aim to address concerns of people from all walks of life and make the police station truly citizen-friendly.Pathak said the project will be completed in phases after the budget is approved. The PMC will provide all possible help to the police, he added.Deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Raghunath Khaire said the police station will be manned by two inspectors, nine assistant/sub inspectors and 65 policemen.The limits of the Koregaon Park police station were carved out by bifurcating the Bund Garden police station. Koregaon Park had vital instalments like the Osho International commune and there is a strong presence of foreign nationals here, Khaire added.Local residents Vijay Jagtap, Rajabhau Chavan, Yogesh Pingale had time and again demanded land for the police station with government authorities including the former state home minister Ramesh Bagwe and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Bagwe told TOI that he has provided Rs 50 lakh to construct a model police station at Koregaon Park. The Rs 25 lakh each will be released in two phases. Bagwe rued that he had taken up the issue of land with the chief minister, but he was not invited for the inaugural function.Rajabhau Chavan said the residents of Koregaon Park are now feeling more secured. The residents, Pingle and Akram Madari, who were present at the inaugural function, felicitated Borwankar for taking lead in starting the police station before the civic elections.Pingle said the new police station will play a key role in controlling crime in the area as earlier the residents had to travel all the way to the Bund Garden police station for lodging complaints.Senior police inspector Shivaji Kamble said the police station has an area of 5 km radius. It will cover areas from Morwada bridge to Alpa Bachat Bhavan chowk behind the Council Hall, Residency Club behind inspection bungalow, Nowrosjee wadia college, railway over bridge, Alankar chowk, Jehangir chowk, Ruby hall clinic , Dhole-Patil road, Boat club road, old and new circuit houses.The inaugural function was attended joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal, additional commissioner of police Anant Shinde, PWD superintending engineer D G Malekar and executive engineer Atul Chavan and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517683", "title": "Fire at Munirka petrol pump, 3 hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people were injured in a fire that broke out at an Indian Oil petrol pump in Munirka on Monday. A car and a motorcycle were charred.\"Around 8.20pm, while a worker was filling air in a car's tyres, the driver accelerated and the engine backfired. In a flash, the LPG tanks behind the car caught fire,\" said Amar, a salesman at the petrol pump. However, the fire department said the fire broke out in the two underground LPG tanks. \"There was repair work going on in these chambers,\" said AK Sharma, fire department chief.Three people, including a cleaning boy and a water tank driver, were injured in the incident. Slum-dwellers in the vicinity said power supply was immediately cut off and they were asked to evacuate.Mohammed Younis, who lives in a slum situated behind the station, said he had returned from work when he heard a big blast and saw a flame shoot up. \"I rushed to the area and saw that a worker had burnt his leg. He was rushed to Safdarjung Hospital,\" Younis said.Sixteen fire tenders rushed to the spot to douse the fire. \"It took at least 45 minutes to bring the situation in control,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517546", "title": "Arrested youth dies, family alleges torture", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old man arrested for snatching mobile phones from a couple by posing as a policeman died under mysterious circumstances at the government hospital in Royapettah on Monday. Though doctors claimed S Nithya alias Nithya Raj, a resident of Ayanavaram, died of cardiac arrest, his family alleged police torture.On coming to know about his death, Nithya's family members and relatives gathered near the hospital and staged a protest, blocking traffic on Royapettah High Road in front of the hospital. They said Nithya died due to police torture and demanded a judicial probe.They dispersed after deputy commissioner of police (Mylapore) K Pugalenthi and other senior police officers promised to take action against those responsible for Nithya's death. Some family members, including Nithya's wife Sangeetha (20), met police commissioner J K Tripathy and submitted a complaint seeking a fresh inquiry. Tripathy ordered by a probe by an assistant commissioner of police.The police said Nithya intercepted a couple, Dinesh and Kanchana, near ICF on January 12 and told them that he was a policeman. He threatened them and snatched their mobile phones. He told them to get their phones from the police station. The couple suspected something was amiss and followed him. They saw him having tea at a shop and when they enquired at the shop after he left, they found he was not a policeman. The next day, Dinesh saw Nithya on the road and with the help of his friends, he cornered him and informed the police. A team of personnel from the ICF police station picked up Nithya. He was remanded in judicial custody and sent to Puzhal prison on January 14, after being kept at the police station overnight.On Sunday morning, he complained of chest pain. He was inspected by the prison doctors and later sent to the Royapettah government hospital for treatment. On Monday afternoon, Nithya developed complications and he was shifted to the intensive care unit, where he died later. A team of doctors, who inspected him, declared he died due to cardiac arrest.Nithya was earlier associated with the friends of police, a neighbourhood group of youths which helps the police in patrolling and crime prevention, and was attached to the Ayanavaram police station. He was dismissed from the group after he was found to be involved in antisocial activities. His father Sam Raj owns a biriyani shop on Konnur High Road in Ayanavaram and Nithya helped his father in his business. He fell in love with Sangeetha and married her 18 months ago. The couple has a five-month-old girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517298", "title": "State asks Centre to amend CRZ norms", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to push the plan for setting up a 29-km freeway along Mumbai's western coast, the state government on Monday asked the Centre to consider modifying the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) norms and permitting reclamation for construction of a road.The demand was made during a meeting with T Chatterjee, secretary, ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), at Mantralaya, which was attended by state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and other senior state officials.The state has plans to connect Marine Drive to Madh near Malad using a series of tunnels, roads on stilts, roads on reclaimed land, as well as existing road and bridges. An initial assessment has shown the need to reclaim land for a 7-km portion. Existing CRZ norms disallow reclamation. Chatterjee has now asked the state to move an official proposal.The state also wants MoEF to consider relaxation in conditions imposed for construction of car depots on the Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd route.Opposition to Gadgil panel recommendationsThe state also expressed strong reservations regarding recommendations made in the report submitted by the Madhav Gadgil-led Western Ghat Ecology Expert Panel to MoEF. Set up to review mining and development activities in the Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg belt, the committee submitted its report in October last year. MoEF is yet to make the report public.The state opposed a recommendation for phasing out mining activity from the region by 2015. It is also against the suggestion to appoint an independent Western Ghat authority for development permissions. With the committee recommending ban on industrial and development activity, including new power plants for talukas situated in ecologically sensitive zones (ESZ1 and ESZ2), the state has sought exemption of non-forested areas and non-protected areas.Opposition to a demand from the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) for testing samples of toxic waste collected from the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal was conveyed. The state also discussed modalities for involving corporates in mangrove conservation work. Having witnessed two oil spills off the coast last year, the state has asked the Centre to consider becoming a signatory of a global convention dealing with liabilities during such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518330", "title": "Strategically significant, politically relevant", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once considered as an alien entity in socio-economic context primarily because of their far-flung location from the city centres, cantonments across the nation have evolved significantly in the past few years. And at some places have even moved ahead of their municipal counterparts mainly because of their ability to adopt cosmopolitan culture, and the vision to envisage the future not only on strategic lines, but also in terms of polity.It is perhaps for this reason that winning the electoral battle in the cantonments has become a prestigious issue for various political parties, who have unleashed a slug-fest to ensure that they are voted to power in India's most populous and politically crucial state.Covering as area of 2,40,928 square kilometers, Uttar Pradesh is home to more than 19.95 crore people in 403 assembly constituencies. And in six districts of the state, including state capital Lucknow, voters have the option of choosing their representative from the Cantonment assembly seat. The rest five include Bareilly, Varanasi, Kanpur, Meerut and Agra.Going by the electoral results since 1991, voters in most of the Cantt assembly seats have shown a preference towards the Bharatiya Janata Party . However, in 2007 assembly election, the saffron chariot was forced to beat a hasty retreat thanks to the social engineering formula of Mayawati . While, the BSP juggernaut made its presence felt in Agra Cantt and Bareilly Cantt, the BJP was able to capture the cantonment assembly seats of Lucknow, Varanasi, Kanpur and Meerut.Four of the six Cantt assembly seats have been retained by the BJP MLAs since 1991. These include Kanpur, Lucknow, Varanasi and Meerut. Of these four cities, Kanpur seems to be one of the safest bastion for the party, as Satish Mahana, the incumbent MLA has been winning here since 1991. In 1993 and 1996, Mahana got 59.51% and 52.19% votes respectively. Perhaps this prompted his to take on Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal in the 2009 parliamentary election. However, Jaiswal had the last laugh as he romped home by a margin of 18,942 votes.Simlarly, in Lucknow Suresh Chandra Tiwari still holds the fortress of the saffron party. In 1996, Tiwari got 63.82% of the total votes polled, while his nearest rival was languishing with only 18.63% votes. Prior to Tiwari, Satish Bhatia swept polls in 1989 and 1991. This time the battle for Lucknow Cantt is between Tiwari, who has been given the party ticket and UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi.Varanasi Cantt also painst a saffron picture, as the candidates of BJP have been winning here for the past five elections. Current MLA Jyotsana Shrivastava represented the seat in 1993 and 1991. In 1996 and 2002, it was represented by Jyotsana's husband Harish Chandra Srivastava (also of the BJP).The scene in Meerut Cantt assembly segment is no different, as BJP's Satya Prakash Agarwal is representing the constituency for the second time in a row. Prior to him, Amit Agarwal was elected from here on BJP ticket in 1996 and 1993, bagging 55.91% and 57.53% votes respectively.In Agra Cantt seat, electors had voted for the BSP in the last two elections. Mohammad Basheer won it for Maya in 2002 and the same feat was repeated by Julfikar Ahmed Bhutto in 2007. Prior to 2002, the seat was a stronghold of the BJP, which had been winning polls here from 1989 to 1996, with Hardwar Dube being the trendsetter.Bareilly assembly segment however paints a mixed picture, as in the past five elections, the Samajwadi Party has managed to win twice from here, while the Congress and an independent candidate won in 1991 and 2002 respectively. In 2007, BSP's Virendra Singh emerged victorious.Barring Lucknow Cantt and Agra Cantt, which have undergone a major change in their taxonomy and demographic profile, the other cantonments still retain their old nomenclature. During delimitation Lucknow Cantt changed to Lucknow Central, while the erstwhile Sarojininagar is the new Lucknow Cantt. Similarly, the current Agra Cantt was known as Agra East before delimitation, while present segment of Agra Rural was earlier called Agra Cantt. Of the six cantonments, Agra Cantt is reserved for the scheduled castes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518633", "title": "HC notice to State, Collector on Idgah land ownership", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday served notices on the state government and Bhopal district collector in regard to a land case at Idgah hills involving an heir of Nawab Hamidullah Khan - the last ruler of Bhopal state.A single bench of HC comprising Justice KK Trivedi in Jabalpur served six-week returnable notices on a petition filed by Azam Hasan Khan- an heir of Nawab, challenging then collector's order of August 2001, putting on hold mutation of land in Idgah hills.It also forbade the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC) regarding the land. By virtue of this order, right to sale or purchase of the land was hassled and the property went to the state government, petitioner counsel Rajesh Pancholi said. \"I prayed on the behalf of my client that the order should be annulled,\" he added.Khan has staked his claim on 1/16 part of 93 acres land owned by him along with other legal heirs of Nawab in Khasra Nos. 1, 10, 11/1, 16/1, 25/1, 27, 28, 31, 102, 103, and 105 in Idgah hills before the merger of Bhopal State into Union of India in 1950. Pancholi said, revenue authorities had denied legitimate right of the petitioner for land lawfully owned by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517571", "title": "Bird race to be held on Jan 22", "text": "CHENNAI: The elegant White Rumped Shama is not commonly seen in Chennai. However, enthusiastic birdwatchers participating in the Chennai BirdRace sighted it in Pallikaranai last year.Bird races, where groups of birdwatchers get together to spot the maximum number of birds in a particular area, are conducted in cities across India. As Chennai gears up for the HSBC Chennai BirdRace 2012, which will be held on January 22, the Madras Naturalists' Society (MNS) is urging more people to participate in the event.\"It is a dawn-to-dusk event in which experienced and budding birdwatchers spend an entire day spotting and identifying birds in an effort to record as many species of birds as possible,\" says K V Sudhakar, president, MNS. This is the fifth year that the bird race is being held in Chennai.The aim is to make people aware of the bird population that exists in cities. \"Once people realise they are living amidst such natural wealth, they will take better care of the environment,\" says Sudhakar. The event will start at 6am and wind up by 6pm.Participants are divided into teams of four. They are provided with a checklist of all species of birds recorded in Chennai in the past few years, with space for reporting observations. Space is provided for species that may be seen but are not listed. \"A list of birding areas will be suggested, though each team is free to choose its own route and birding sites,\" says Sudhakar.There is also a green birding category for participants who walk, cycle, or use public transport as the organisers want to promote eco-friendly birding. At the end of the day, teams will gather at a community hall in Kotturpuram and the one that spotted the maximum number of birds will be declared the winner.\"Though it's a fun event, it helps sensitise people and introduce them, especially children, to bird watching,\" says Sudhakar. Last year, 37 teams from across the state participated. \"Over time, bird races give us a good idea of the region's bird life, and the problems faced by various species,\" he says.To register, log on to www.blackbuck.org.in. Registrations close by January 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518368", "title": "SIT seeks evidence from Sanjiv Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After suspended IPS Sanjiv Bhatt furnished a copy of important fax message issued following controversial meeting allegedly headed by chief minister Narendra Modi before the Nanavati-Mehta Commission, the special investigation team (SIT) has asked the cop to supply the original document.SIT's investigation officer Himanshu Shukla's demand for the original document has irked Bhatt, who has slammed the probe agency now for suppression of evidence. Bhatt dashed off a letter to SIT chief R K Ragahvan informing him that the same piece of evidence was given to SIT member A K Malhotra in 2009 and to Shukla in 2011.Accusing SIT once again for disregarding vital clues and evidence substantiating Zakia Jafri's complaint, Bhatt writes, \"The latest act of Shukla only reinforces the persistent doubts about the motive and intent of the SIT. It seems that for some inexplicable reason, the SIT which had continued to intentionally disregard very important aspects of the investigation into the complaint of Jafri; has now also started indulging in suppression and/or disappearance of vital evidence with a view to screen powerful offenders including Modi from legal punishment. As pointed out earlier, this is also apparently manifest in the deliberate reluctance of the SIT to examine witnesses who would be able to provide very vital information about the meeting held at the residence of the CM.\"Shukla's notice to furnish original/office copy of the alert the former intelligence officer had sent, was termed \"outrageously shocking\" by Bhatt, who stated, \"In the normal course of investigation, the investigating officer should have called for the 'original and/or office copy of the aforesaid fax message' from the State Intelligence Bureau, Gandhinagar, and the offices of respective recipients of the said fax message.\"Reiterating his demand that SIT should pay heed to important witnesses, especially it should examine those manning the control room. Only this could establish that there was a meeting at CM residence and he was present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11519700", "title": "Apple losing crown to vegetables in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: With apple production facing a decline due to global warming , vegetable cultivation is gaining popularity among farmers in Himachal Pradesh. In 1951-52, the state had vegetable production area of 3,000 hectares with annual production of 25,000 tonne, which has now increased to 65,000 hectares with annual production of 1,269 thousand tonne during 2010-2011.In fact, vegetable economy in Himachal Pradesh has almost equaled its apple economy, with the former pegged at around Rs 1,500 crore while the latter at Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 crore. In recent years, the state agriculture department has encouraged farmers to go for production of off-seasonal vegetables by providing them high yielding vegetable seeds after testing them at universities which gives 3-4 times more yield than traditional varieties.After witnessing bumper apple crop in 2010 with record production of 4,45 crore boxes, Himachal Pradesh last year has witnessed low production of over 1.21 crore boxes, which was 3.24 crore boxes less compared to 2010. With apple production becoming uncertain, people in the state have adopted to vegetable production, which ensures good returns.Good returns over the years has prompted 5 lakh farmers in the state to adopt vegetable cultivation whose net income has increased from Rs 8,000-10,000 per hectare from food grains to Rs 1 lakh to 1.5 lakh per hectare after switching to off-seasonal vegetable cultivation, said J C Rana, director, agriculture, Himachal Pradesh.Various schemes like Rs 353 crore Pandit Deen Dayal Kisan Baghban Samridhi Yojana, Rs 321 crore crop diversification scheme launched with the help of Japan International Cooperative Agency (JICA) have helped in increasing the production of vegetable in the state, said V C Pharka, principal secretary, horticulture. He said 16,500 polyhouses will be constructed covering an area of 15 lakh square meter while 2,000 hectare will be covered under micro-irrigation system to increase vegetable production in the state.Vegetable production in Himachal Pradesh:District Total Area ProductionChamba 2500 hectare 45000 tonneHamirpur 2890 hectare 4523 tonneKangra 7349 hectare 1.47 lakh tonneKinnaur 3383 hectare 52200 tonneKullu 4900 hectare 85600 tonneLahaul-Spiti 4100 hectare 41366 tonneMandi 9236 hectare 1.64 lakh tonneShimla 11153 hectare 1.92 lakh tonneSirmaur 7189 hectare 1.57 lakh tonneSolan 8545 hectare 2.45 lakh tonneUna 1473 hectare 27400 tonne", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517709", "title": "300 colleges, but little urge to excel", "text": "PATNA: \"Perform or perish\" may be the operating words of most modern business and industrial houses, but they hold little significance for the universities and colleges of Bihar. Even though there are as many as 11 universities and about 300 colleges in the state, a very few of them have been able to modernize themselves and achieve academic distinction.Even as the chancellor and the state government have been striving hard to raise the standard of higher education in the state by streamlining the system, colleges in general lack the much-needed urge to excel. Teachers and non-teaching staff of most colleges and universities are yet to become quality conscious.The universities and colleges in Bihar perhaps shy away from getting accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) either because they are not aware of the distinct advantages and benefits available to them following their accreditation or they are afraid of getting poor grade. That's why only three universities and less than 40 colleges of the state have been accredited by the NAAC till date.And quite surprisingly, as many as 15 accredited colleges lost their accreditation last year as they failed to renew it before the expiry of its five-year term. Patna Women's College and St. Xavier's College of Education managed to renew their accreditation. Two other colleges, namely, Magadh Mahila College and B N College are in the process of being re-accredited.A few years back, at the initiative of the then chancellor R S Gavai, a state-level core committee headed by Patna Women's College principal and NAAC governing council member Sister Doris D' Souza was constituted to motivate the colleges to go for NAAC accreditation and improve their quality. The committee identified as many as 100 colleges for the purpose and organized at least two workshops for the principals and senior teachers of about 75 colleges.Sometime back, Patna University had also decided to go for NAAC accreditation and directed the heads of the different departments to make necessary preparations for the same, but for some reasons, the process seems to have slowed down.Even as the UGC had earmarked 11 colleges in the state for the award of College with Potential for Excellence (CPE) status during the 10th plan, only five colleges could take advantage of this ambitious scheme. The CPE status facilitates an institution to receive liberal grants for its development, still colleges do not apply for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11516613", "title": "Dera yet to take a call on whom to support in Punjab polls", "text": "PATIALA: The political wing of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda is yet to take a call on whom to support in the January 30 Punjab assembly elections.The Dera's political wing, Sadh Sangat Rajneetik Wing, has been maintaining that they are still getting feedback from their followers.\"Our seven-member committee will take a final call in this matter and Guru ji (Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim) has nothing to do with politics,\" Ram Singh, who is associated with the political wing of the Dera, said.He said they will announce their plan two to three days before the polls.The Dera wields considerable influence in some pockets of Punjab, including Bathinda region where it has a sizable number of followers.\"We have received the feedback from one section of our followers that we should support a particular party. Some followers have asked us to extend support on assembly segment wise basis,\" he said.The Dera had been at loggerheads with the Sikh clergy for alleged insult to Sikh guru Govind Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11518014", "title": "Bhandara selected for clean milk project", "text": "BHANDARA: In some good news for milk producing farmers, Bhandara district has been selected for implementation of clean milk project by the Centre. The National Dairy Development Board has selected Bhandara and under it's scheme cows will be distributed to milk producers of the district.Similarly a milk powder plant is slated to come up in the district too. Though there are two milk powder plants -in Nagpur and Akola -but they nearly defunct.\"If dairy industry has to survive, then it has to follow the strict measures of clean milk mentioned in Food Safety Act. The Bhandara District Milk Cooperative (BDMC) has begun implementing clean milk project in the district. For this Centre has sanctioned Rs 4.80 crore,\" said Vilas Katekhaye, chairman of BDMC.Katekhaye said, \"In the first phase, 13 bulk coolers of 1000/2000 litres capacity with generator set, a kit containing washing powder, IDO-4 sterilizer, cloth and automatic milk collection unit are given to 13 milk centres. Milk will be collected in day and night and those centres who won't supply milk in the night will not get the benefits of the scheme.\" In the first phase 44,000 litres of milk will be collected. In the second phase 13 more centres will be given 13 bulk coolers and other infrastructure that will add up 44,000 litres of milk.\"As soon as milk is collected, it has to reach the centre within half-an-hour. If a farmer takes more time the then bacterial count of the milk increases and it becomes unfit for consumption. The permissible limit of bacterial count is 1.25 lakh per one ML,\" he said.The BDMC arranged a one day workshop of milk producing farmers on Saturday. Nearly 5,000 farmers attended the training. Dairy expert Prof Suresh Gangavane guided the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517703", "title": "30-yr-long divorce battle ends", "text": "NEW DELHI: They were together for less than a day yet fought a prolonged battle for over 30 years to get rid of each other. The Delhi High Court on Monday brought down the curtains on a three-decade-long divorce battle between a couple that had spent just half a day together after tying the knot in 1982. It granted the divorce decree to the husband who accused his wife of deserting him on the very day of the wedding.\"The fact that parties who stayed together for 24 hours spent close to 30 years in alleys of courts to get rid of each other is nothing but appalling to say the least. The institution of marriage, considered a holy union of two souls is made a mockery of by such cases and it is no wonder relevance of this pious bond is under scanner by youth today,\" an anguished Justice Kailash Gambhir noted while rejecting the appeal by the wife who had challenged the grant of divorce decree to the husband by the trial court.HC also said that family courts and mediation centres have an important role to play in such situations and they should encourage resolving of disputes and bring the feuding couples closer together so that marriages can be saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11519092", "title": "Thiruvanchur promises land to all landless", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Revenue minister Thiruvanchur Radhakrishnan has said the state government would implement a comprehensive action plan to make Kerala a `Zero landless (people) state'.Addressing the media here on Monday, the minister said Kozhikode and Kasargod districts had been selected as nodal districts to implement the programme. Under it, Kozhikode would be made a zero landless district within six months, he added.Terming the project a silent revolution that would solve the issue of landless people in the state, the minister said it would be implemented through a two-pronged strategy by which land would be allotted to all the landless from a government land bank. Also, title deeds would be given to people like the settler-farmers who are in possession of certain land for long but do not have legal validity.Thiruvanchur said a survey would be launched from February 1 to ascertain the exact number of landless in the state. \"It will be completed within a month and the data would be verified in March. The project will be implemented in a transparent manner and land will be distributed through lots,\" the minister added.Sand mining: The minister said the government was exploring the possibility of procuring sand from neighbouring states to address the severe shortage that had impacted the construction sector. \"The district collectors of Thiruvananthapuram and Kasargod have been directed to initiate talks with Tamil Nadu and Karnataka for procurement. Sand brought from outside will be sold at government rates,\" he said.Additional chief secretary Nivedita P Haran has been asked to submit a report on the feasibility of importing sand to the state via containers.Reclaimed: The minister said as much as 1,800 acres of encroached land had been reclaimed by the government in Munnar and surrounding areas. Satellite mapping is being conducted to prevent encroachments of reclaimed land,\" he said.Vigilance case: Thiruvanchur, who also holds the Vigilance portfolio, said the government would not intervene in the vigilance case filed against Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan. \"It is not the policy of this government to hunt down anyone and I have directed the officials that no politically-motivated action should be taken in the case,\" the minister added.The minister said that Kozhikode and Kasargod districts had been selected as nodal districts to implement the programme. Under it, Kozhikode will be made a zero landless district within six months, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519389", "title": "Russian film houses struggle for funds: Alexander Gundorov", "text": "PUNE: Cinema is perhaps the most expensive of all art forms. And, no one is more concerned about the finances than the producer of the film. Yet, he remains the most unsung aspect of the film itself.Russian film producer Alexander Gundorov, in attendance at the 10th Pune International Film Festival with his first feature film 'Vorobey' (Sparrow), does not mind taking up this responsibility as long as the film is made the way he wants it to be made. \"It's about money,\" he gestures. The Russian gentleman talks about his film 'Sparrow', money, and the condition of films in Russia in general. \"The situation is neither good not bad. However, things are on the tumble as a result of recession since 2008.\"And, Hollywood is encroaching. \"Earlier, there used to be at least 150 feature films made in Russian every year. Post-2008, it has come down to 70. Of these, only 25% are local productions. A major chunk of the 75% movies is from Hollywood, most of which are dubbed to Russian.\" And Indian films? \"There may be one percent market for Indian movies.\" Curiously, the dialogues of the Indian films are dubbed while the song and dance sequences are retained.There are around eight production houses in Russia. \"The ministry of culture sometimes funds portions of the film, but it's not enough. So, it mostly depends upon sponsors. There is no guarantee of getting the money back, as piracy has almost killed the DVD homevideo market.\" But, passion remains. It is this passion that made Gundorov, an established producer of documentary films, finance his first foray into feature films. \"I grew up in villages. But this village life is slowly dying, as cities are becoming more and more globalised. That is why we wanted to make this film on a village.\"The film tells the story of a remote Siberian village which treasures beautiful horses, and they are protected at any cost. Now, the chairman of the village council has lost public funds on an unsuccessful business venture and has decided to make up on the losses by selling the herd to a slaughterhouse.While the villagers are nonchalant about this new development, a 10-year-old son of a local shepherd stands up against the plot. His name is Sparrow.Gundorov is not sure if the film is a 'typical' art house film, but he agrees that it's not a commercial venture.Interestingly, 'Sparrow' also happens to be the first directorial feature of Yuri Schiller, an experienced and well known documentary filmmaker. Both Gundorov and Yuri Schiller embarked on this project, despite financial constraint and all, because it was a subject close to their hearts.Gundorov has produced more than 60 documentaries in Russian on subjects ranging from army to science and technology to history to modern Russia. And, how is modern Russian? \"Modern Russian is full of possibilities,\" says Gundorov.Talk veers to well know Russian films like Timur Bekmambetov's 'Nigth Watch' (2004), which opened a new market for Russian films before the recession, and big budget films like Sergey Bodrov's 'Mongol' (2007).Gundorov would also like to make a big budget costume drama like 'Mongol' on a 14th Century Russian heroic figure. But, this will take years, blame it on the money. \"I'm hoping to get a good amount of money from the ministry of culture, if not the entire amount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517600", "title": "Plywood factory worker shot dead by criminals", "text": "PATNA: Armed criminals gunned down a plywood factory worker, Kishore Choudhary (25), close to his house at Lala Toli under Khajekallan police station on Sunday night. His bullet-riddled body was recovered on Monday morning.The police said that Choudhary had left his house on Sunday evening around 6 pm, but failed to return home in the night. Sources said that on Monday morning his family members were informed that his body was lying in the locality. The family members rushed there and found the body and informed the local police about it.Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said that two bullet marks were found on the deceased's body. He said that the brother of the deceased had a quarrel with some local youths on Sunday. As per preliminary investigation, prima facie this seems to be the reason behind the killing, the SDPO said and added that three persons have been made accused in an FIR lodged by the family members.Fire: Property worth Rs 2 lakh were reduced to ashes when a fire broke out in a computer shop at Bihta Dominia Pul under Bihta police station in the wee hours on Monday. The shop belongs to one Pankaj Kumar.The police said that a large number of people assembled on the spot after the shop caught fire at around 4 am. The Bihta police informed the Danapur Fire Station about the incident and two fire tenders reached the spot and doused the flames before it could engulf the Agriculture branch of the State Bank of India (SBI) on the first floor of the shop. Bihta police station SHO Vinay Krishna said that though the exact cause of fire is yet to be ascertained, it seems fire broke out due to short circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519508", "title": "International student exchange planned with Bharati Vidyapeeth", "text": "PUNE: Environmentalists and educationists from South Africa and Germany recently visited Bharati Vidyapeeth English Medium School in Dhankawadi, Pune. The aim was to observe the education system in India. The visitors also took up concerns about handling of environmental issues plaguing us today.Lethaba Mangale of South Africa is an environmental scientist who works for South African Department of Environmental Affairs and is a participant of 'Education for sustainable development leadership training in Germany'. Mareike Beiersodorf of Germany, is an educator in an NGO in Frankfurt called 'Environmental Learning'; while Daneil Masore of South Africa is an ESD participant and works for the department of education in South Africa.The interaction between the students and the guests was on various environmental issues like the need for an effective waste management, biodiversity, human health, lifestyle of the people in today's world, population explosion, poverty, infrastructural development and various such issues.\"Educating students on various impacts on the environment and bringing awareness among them will surely bear fruits because they will do the work effectively,\" said Masore. He also assured that he along with the sustainable development programme will arrange for an international exchange programme between one of the schools from South Africa and Bharati Vidyapeeth so that there can be cultural exchange between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518050", "title": "Roadblock in cheap power for Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: Cheap electricity to Mihan-SEZ from a captive power plant (CPP) has hit another roadblock. The much awaited transmission line required to feed power into the SEZ is nearing completion, but a farmer has moved the court against the line passing over his farm. Some others too are known to support this objection.Even as the transmission line passing over this person's farm has already been constructed, power transmission cannot start due to the objection raised in court, said a source in Abhijeet Group, the company that has set up the captive power plant.MADC and Abhijeet group have formed a joint venture - Abhijeet MADC Nagpur Energy Private Limited (AMNEPL), which built the 241MW power plant for exclusive supply to the SEZ at a fixed rate of Rs2.97 a unit. This is cheaper than the MSEDCL tariff of Rs6, and projected as a major benefit to woo investors.Even as power supply from this plant remains held up, it is acting as an indirect gain for the Abhijeet Group. With the transmission line ready it will have to sell at the contracted rate of Rs2.97 a unit, but if it sells the same power in the open market it can fetch a higher price of over Rs4 a unit.Selling in Mihan will only be feasible if the company gets a coal linkage for the power plant. An application has been made before the Western Coalfields Limited (WCL), but a decision on this is awaited.Currently, the company buys costly coal from the open market and power is supplied to the grid.SEZ developer MADC, on the other hand, is hopeful of the plant starting within a fortnight or so, with the stand-off with the locals expected to be resolved soon. \"Since the dispute has started after the transmission line has already been built, it is expected that it will not interrupt the flow of power. The supply is expected to start within 10-15 days,\" MADC vice-chairman-cum managing director UPS Madan told TOI.Those in the Abhijeet Group though are not so sure about an early solution to the dispute. \"Had the work on the transmission line not hit a new roadblock, it would have been completed within a month,\" a source said.Even as no one from the company's promoters was willing to comment on record, a source in the management said the company is confident of having a strong case. This is because the objection was raised only after the line had already passed through the farm, and there seems to be no logic in approaching the court at this stage, the source explained.Setting up the transmission line will not be enough, as MADC will then have to get a distributor licence so as to further provide connections to units in the SEZ.Madan told TOI that being a developer, the company already is a deemed distributor, and will soon approach the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission for further formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517165", "title": "Discoms pay NTPC dues, get extensions from other agencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run power giant National Thermal Power Corporation's ( NTPC ) threat to suspend power supply has been neutralized after discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna re-established their letter of credit with the corporation for a year and paid immediate outstanding dues. The discoms also informed Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) that they have managed to get extensions from other agencies like Transco and Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) through a long-term payment mechanism.At a hearing on Monday, the power suppliers informed DERC that they were expecting to get the bank loan expedited within the next week. Reliance Infrastructure Limited (RINFRA) - one of the promoters of BSES - transferred Rs 520 crore (51% share) to the discom's account on Monday. This transfer is part of the Rs 5,100 crore financial package being offered by the lending bank which requires the promoters to infuse 20% equity (Rs 1,020 crore). Officials said that RInfra's commitment is expected to be followed by the Delhi government, which will contribute Rs 500 crore (49% share).\"This infusion of equity by the two promoters will ensure that the equity structure of the companies remains the same since 2002, when power distribution was privatized in Delhi. Discussions with the bank are at an advanced stage and are expected to conclude soon. Completion of this process will enable BSES to facilitate payments to the generation and transmission companies,'' said BSES officials.According to Lalit Jalan, CEO RInfra, \"All efforts are being made to ensure that payments are made quickly so that the citizens of Delhi can continue enjoy uninterrupted power supply. The situation has arisen because of substantial increases in power purchase costs these last few years, coupled with the complete absence of a cost reflective tariff regime at the distribution level.\"Meanwhile, all three discoms are hurriedly preparing tariff petitions for the current year as submissions have already been delayed. DERC has warned them that the longer they take to submit their petitions, the more time it will take to announce the new tariff. This will go against the power companies as they are desperate for a hike as soon as possible. Last year the commission had indicated that another hike will take place in 2012. Tata Delhi Power officials said that they would be submitted their tariff petitions this week while the BSES officials also confirmed that they would be making their submissions soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522057", "title": "Genelia to rock the shaadi a little late for Riteish", "text": "With Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza soon set to tie the knot, shooting for two of their films (incidentally by the same producer) is on hold.The day is not far when Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza will be tying the nuptial knot. And both actors seem to have taken a break from their work for the marriage preparations.Interestingly the one person to be affected by it the most seems to be Ekta Kapoor. That's because both Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza are working in her individual productions. Riteish will be seen in Ekta Kapoor's Kya Super Kool Hai Hum while Genelia is a part of Rock The Shaadi.Earlier we had reported how Ekta was working overtime to ensure that the films get completed before their marriage. However both films aren't completed yet. Now a source close to the production house reveals, \"The shoot of both Kya Super Kool Hai Hum and Rock The Shaadi are presently stopped because both Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza are busy with their marriage preparations. However Ekta Kapoor is more than happy to give them the time and liberty in the most important phase of her life\".The source further adds there might be some delay before the shoot for the films restart as the newly-married couple would want some time for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518719", "title": "Deadly global pathogens to be screened at entry points of international traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Surveillance against dangerous global pathogens, which may travel to India along with international passengers, will soon get a big push.In the next five years, the Union health ministry plans to establish health surveillance units, isolation wards and quarantine facilities in 23 airports, ports and land borders that are the main entry points of international traffic. These units will conduct health screening of international passengers, disinfect aircraft and ships, give clearance to dead bodies, sample imported food items besides isolation and quarantine activities.The new airports where health surveillance units will come up include Amritsar, Goa, Jaipur, Pune, Nagpur, Srinagar, Port Blair, Guwahati and Patna. The land borders with increase surveillance will include Moreh (Manipur), Dawki (Meghalaya), Petrapole (West Bengal), Akhaura (Tripura) and Jogbani and Raxaul (Bihar).India has 25 airports, 12 ports and seven international land boarders catering to international traffic. Health units, however, exist only at 10 airports, 10 ports and a land border - many of which were established in 1950. Ministry says increase in the volume of traffic has led to an emergence and re-emergence of a number of deadly diseases of international concern like SARS, swine flu , avian Influenza and Ebola.\"These diseases spread very rapidly and can assume the pandemic form in a short span of time. If any of these diseases are introduced in the country, the extent of human loss as well as economic damage will be unimaginable. Hence, the establishment of health organizations has indirect benefit on the country's economy by preventing large scale morbidity and mortality,\" a ministry document says.There are seven Airport Health Organizations (APHOs) functioning at various international airports like Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Mumbai, Tiruchirapalli, Bengaluru, Hyderabad. Three more APHOs - in Lucknow, Ahmedabad and Trivandrum - are ready to be operational and awaiting allotment of space by the civil aviation ministry.There are 10 Port Health Organizations (PHOs) - JNPT and Nava Sheva (Mumbai), Kolkata, Kandla, Chennai, Cochin, Mandapam Camp, Tuticorin, Marmagao and Visakhapatnam. Attari border Quarantine Centre at Amritsar is the only land Border Quarantine Centre.\"If the remaining 23 entry points to international traffic are not equipped with proper health infrastructure, the whole purpose of existing units will be diluted. Further, like custom and immigration, these are statutory organizations and every airport/port/land border needs to be established under provision of Indian Aircraft (Public Health) Rules and Indian Port Health Rules.\"The objective of these units is to protect the country from invasion of dangerous infectious diseases from abroad. Most of these units were established way back in 1950s and since then are functioning with almost same sanctioned manpower even though the workload has increased manifold during all these years due to increase in the international traffic,\" an official added.India has calculated the additional manpower strength needed. A ministry document says \"there is a need of 39 medical officers, 38 health inspectors and 16 nurses additionally required\".Ministry experts say a space of 600sq feet will be required both in arrival and departure hall of the point of entries and 1500sq m of constructed space for isolation and quarantine facilities within the airport premises at each new airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11517394", "title": "Nine from Chennai, Pondy cook on Italian ship safe", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Nine persons from Chennai, besides a Puducherry cook, who was part of the ship's crew survived after the luxury liner Costa Concordia sank off Italy's west coast. Confirming that 10 persons from the region had been on the ill-fated cruise liner, Union minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy said nine from Chennai, besides D Ramkumar from Puducherry, were among the 200 Indians, who managed to escape and were safe.Ramkumar, 29, from Mudaliarpet in Puducherry struggled for six hours to get into a life boat and escaped along with several passengers and crew members. He then called his father, N Devendiran, a mill worker, and his wife D Parimala at 8am on Saturday as soon as he reached a hotel and got to a phone.Ramkumar told his father that there was panic and chaos among the crew members and passengers when the massive vessel tilted to one side and began to sink. \"Everyone was terrified and desperate to jump on to a life boat, which could carry only 10 people at a time. Ramkumar was accommodated in a hotel in a nearby island,\" Devendiran said.Devendiran said none of the officers from the Indian Embassy visited the Indians survivors at the island while officers from other countries visited their countrymen and consoled them. With the help of a Congress functionary, Devendiran approached Union minister Narayanasamy on Sunday night seeking his help to bring back his son to Puducherry.Narayanasamy contacted the national security advisor and urged him to send an Indian embassy team to help the stranded Indian citizens in the island. \"I spoke to the national security advisor after the parents of a youth from Puducherry approached me saying none of the Indian officers visited the people rescued from the ship. The advisor promised to send a team from embassy immediately,\" Narayanasamy said.The Union government was taking all initiatives to bring back the Indian survivors, including nine from Tamil Nadu and one from Puducherry, stranded in the island, he said. The survivors might have lost all important documents, including their passport, and the government will take necessary steps to clear all formalities and bring them back, Narayanasamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518418", "title": "Setback to GU's NAAC dreams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The administrative and academic wings of Gujarat University (GU) are feeling a little disheartened these days. The reason being GU's dream of improving its rating - given by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), just got a body blow.\"We had made all necessary preparations for NAAC accreditation. But now the rules have been changed. NAAC officials have said that we can now apply only in April and according to new norms. This means that all our preparations may come to a naught,\" said GU officials.Every five years all universities have to apply to NAAC for accreditation, afresh. In March 2007 GU had been graded B++ by NAAC.Since then, GU has upgraded its infrastructural facilities, introduced semester-style academic system and also created a financial reserve of Rs 60 crore. But now, just as GU was readying to send its application to NAAC, the norms have been changed.GU officials said, \"We now might have to upgrade ourselves further to suit the new NAAC rules. Since the last six months we were preparing for NAAC accreditation. But, now our efforts might not amount to anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521930", "title": "Velmurugan's onscreen transition!", "text": "Singer Velmurugan, who shot to fame with the Otha Sollala... number in Aadukalam, has turned actor for director Mohan's Pazhaya Vannarapettai.\"The film is a take on the lives of gangsters who live in north Madras, and Velmurugan, Johnny and Pragin Jacki play important roles in it,\" he says.The team recently launched the film's album and Mohan says the gaana song that features in the album will be one of the highlights of the film. He claims, \"We've included a gaana number in the film, Unnathaan..., which has been sung by Velmurugan. We felt that gaana songs have lost their prominence in the film industry and that after Amaran, none of the films featured any authentic gaanas.\"He continues, \"Unnathaan... is a love failure song, but we haven't blamed the girls in this number! We've used the trumpet, along with the drums, to score the BG for the song. The making-of-the-song video uploaded on a video-sharing site has received good response.\" Velmurugan says, \"When I went to record the number, my sruthi was down. To pep it up and because the number a proper gaana, I danced as I sang. The music composer and director saw this and requested me to act in the film. I heard the story and was totally delighted!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11516776", "title": "INL takes offence at CPM remarks", "text": "KANNUR: The Indian National League (INL) seems to have been offended by the statements of some CPM leaders about the party's performance in the Koothuparamba constituency in the assembly polls. The CPM leaders had in the recently concluded district conference apparently said that the INL candidate was weak.According to INL it was the LDF that wanted the INL to contest for the seat. INL state president Puthiyavalappil had contested and lost.\"INL did not ask for the Koothuparamba seat. It was offered to the party by the LDF.We had demanded for Mattannur or Kannur, where the party has traditionally some foothold,\" said INL district secretary Ashraf Puravur on Monday. He said that the candidate was chosen by the CPM.Ashraf said that INL had sacrificed a lot to be with the LDF and such statements by CPM leaders would have a negative impact about the party among the people.\"In the Lok Sabha elections, Congress candidate Mullapally Ramachandran had a lead of 8,500 votes from this region, which is part of Vadakara Lok Sabha constituency. But in the assembly polls the Congress lead was reduced to 3500 thanks to the strength of the INL candidate,\" Ashraf said.The northern regional conference of INL would be held at Kannur on February 3.The party will also organize a proclamation march from Payyanur on January 25, 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519596", "title": "Poor distributed woolen clothes under \u2018Anugrah\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Woolen clothes were distributed among poor under 'Anugrah', an initiative of The Times of India, at Asi Ghat in presence of HP Choudhury, general manager, BHEL and Sanjoy Sinha, senior DGM (HR) of BHEL on Monday.The TOI launched this campaign to provide winter clothes to poor families living under open sky in cold weather. The initiative was sponsored by Indiatimes and Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL), Varanasi.People donated old clothes, woolens, blankets for the poor. The clothes were collected at seven collection centres including at IP Mall Sigra, Sumangal Ekam Sigra, Shubham Hospital Khajuri, BHEL Varanasi, Shubham Hospital near Nagar Nigam, Raymond Maldahiya and Raymond Bhelupur. The campaign was supported by Shubham Hospitals, Jewar Kothi, Sumangal Ekam, Numero Uno, Planet Fashion Sigra, Lakshmishree Investment and Securities private limited and Raymond, Maldahiya and Bhelupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11517417", "title": "Manipur police kill three militants", "text": "IMPHAL: Police commandos gunned down three rebels in a gunfight here and detained an individual for being allegedly involved in the recent grenade explosion at the residence of legislator and Congress candidate M Oken Singh at Heirok village in Thoubal district.The detained person, M Totomsana (40) of Heirok, had filed his nomination paper for contesting the ensuing polls slated for January 28 but election officials rejected his papers during scrutiny.Manipur Police have stepped up security to counter insurgency and poll-related violence. Imphal West commandos gunned down the trio at the Langol area on Sunday night around 8.30, a police source said.Following a tip off about the presence of rebels, the commandos rushed to the the area and carried out frisking during which the three militant suspects were questioned. The trio suddenly opened fire and tried to flee. An encounter ensued during which they were gunned down, the source added.The cops found one AK-47 rifle, a 9mm pistol with bullets and two hand grenades on the slain cadres whose identities are yet to be ascertained. The bodies have been sent to the mortuary of the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) for autopsy. A few days back, another three rebels were gunned down by commandos at different parts of the Imphal West district.A combined team of Thoubal district commandos and 15 AR troops detained Totomsana on the charge of being involving in the bomb explosion at the residence of Heirok constituency's Congress candidate M Oken Singh on Wednesday last injuring one person.A police officer said, the individual arrested on Sunday morning during a counter insurgency operation at Wangjing area in Thoubal, disclosed that he was involved in the grenade attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11518140", "title": "Youth dies of electrocution while flying a kite", "text": "PONDA: Akash Suryakant Lohar, 15, from Zingdimol, Curti, died while flying a kite on the occasion of Makar Sankranti on Sunday.An autopsy on the body on Monday has revealed that he died due to electrocution. Ponda police sources informed that Lohar was flying a kite which got entangled in the overhead high tension electric lines. He then tried to remove the kite by climbing a 3-metre high compound wall.Police suspect that the boy could have used an iron rod or a wet wooden stick to get back his kite.Soon after the attempt, the boy was flung from the compound wall and suffered grievous injuries to his face.The victim was immediately rushed to the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim where he was pronounced 'brought dead'.After the incident, the police suspect that the boy could have succumbed to face and head injuries. But the post mortem report revealed that the death was caused by electrocution, sources added. Ponda police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).The body of the deceased has been handed over to his family members after an autopsy conducted at the GMC on Monday, sources said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517539", "title": "Heavyweights fight for BMC re-election", "text": "MUMBAI: Political manoeuvrings are on in all civic wards ahead of next month's BMC elections, but it is F-North and G-North that are being watched most closely. Several political equations are at play here that have made the coming poll a trepidatious affair for the few heavyweights who contested from the constituencies in the two wards.Ward F-North-which includes Matunga, Sion and Antop Hill, and where in 2007 Congress won five seats and Shiv Sena three-has residents ranging from south Indians to UP Muslims, making it hard for parties to win over voters. Nevertheless, the Shiv Sena will be hoping to make more gains here. Analysts say a major factor in the poll in F-North, which is traditionally seen as a Congress stronghold, will be seat reservation. Already, infighting is brewing in some parties over tickets.Sources suggest that many Sena workers are opposed to mayor Shraddha Jadhav being allowed to contest from F-North's electoral ward 169 again, the seat she won in 2007. \"It would be a catastrophe. BJP too is against it,\" said a Sena pramukh.Politicians point out that each constituency in F-North by and large has a certain community in majority. Constituency number 165 has a sizable number of Marathi voters while constituency 169 has around 30-40% Muslim voters. These voters, politicians believe, will root for the parties that are traditionally seen as supporting them. Corporators say the slum population in F-North will also play a crucial role in next month's poll.In G-North, the battle is even more unpredictable. A ward that includes middle- and upper middle-class populations of Dadar and Mahim as well as the poor of Dharavi, it sent five Congress corporators as well as five Sena corporators to the BMC House in 2007. A candidate who won on a BSP seat later switched over to the Congress. In three of the constituencies that Sena won in G-North the last time around, MNS weakened its numbers and came a strong second. Sena leaders hope there will not be a repeat of the 2007 show.\"Areas in Dadar, Mahim and Shivaji Park have been our bastion for a long time now. Even though MNS gained seats in the last elections, it did nothing in the corporation. We are not threatened by small victory margins,\" said Sena leader Subhash Desai.The saffron alliance is banking on the Republican Party of India to garner some votes in Dharavi, which is believed to be a Congress stronghold. RPI, this time, has been given at least two of the six electoral seats in Dharavi. \"We have a strong chance of winning votes in Dharavi. It has minorities and a large Dalit population. People know we have worked hard in the area, especially as part of the Dharavi Bachao Andolan,\" said RPI leader Arjun Dangle.Gaurang Vora, a member of F-North Citizen Federation, said, \"Due to reservation, there is likely to be a lot of confusion and getting a good candidate will be difficult. It seems we are going to go from bad to worse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11517943", "title": "Mulgao locals besiege Sesa mining officials", "text": "KERI: On Monday morning, while the transportation of mineral ore was in progress at the Sesa Goa mine, a group of Mulgao locals besieged the mining officials and forced them to stop work for failing to compensate them for a landslide that occurred on July 16, 2011.The locals, who took shelter under a temporarily-erected thatched roof to protect them from the sun, refused to leave the site till senior officials were summoned. The Bicholim police, too, tried to pacify the villagers but failed.\"After the landslide, the management of the mining company made tall promises about paying us compensation. However, even after six months, no compensation has been paid to us and this has forced us to take this drastic step,\" said Vasant Gad, a villager from Mulgao.Environmentalist Ramesh Gauns from Pazwada-Bicholim added, \"The mining lease No. 14/41 at Mulgao is operating without necessary clearances. How is the government allowing this illegality?\"When contacted, general manager of Sesa Resources Mahesh Patil told TOI, \"Some of the demands made by the villagers are difficult for the company to fulfill. We are working out the modalities for providing necessary compensation to the affected families.\"He added, \"The company is even ready to provide assistance and help affected farmers by rejuvenating agriculture and horticulture. We have agreed to remove the silt and provide compensation for the damaged houses. Some villagers are demanding 50,000 per family in Mulgao, which is not possible for us.\"Meanwhile, a meeting between the affected villagers and company officials was held at the company's guest house in Dhabdhabo but reached no conclusion. Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar said that he would hold a meeting to resolve the issue on January 18 at 10.30am in his chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518371", "title": "Nursing students take oath", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sahara College of Nursing and Paramedical Sciences, a unit of Sahara India Medical Institute, organised the 'lamp lighting and oath taking ceremony' for its fourth batch of BSc nursing students. DK Gupta, V-C of CSM medical university, was the chief guest at the function. tnn, and inaugurated the ceremony by lighting the Florence Lamp. Dr HP Kumar, director (medical health), Sahara Hospital, speaking on the occasion said that nursing plays a pivotal role in treatment of patients. He said that Sahara College of Nursing aims at producing highly trained and qualified graduate nurses.He said that today's ceremony marks the beginning of a compassionate health care service to the society, for these new entrants is the coveted field of nursing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509362", "title": "No love between Gauri Khan and Priyanka Chopra?", "text": "If rumours are to be believed then there seems to be no love lost between Gauri Khan and Ms.World Priyanka Chopra.Obviously all the talk of an alleged more than good friendship between her superstar husband Shah Rukh Khan and his Don leading lady Priyanka Chopra is the reason why Gauri is supposedly indifferent to PC.What is a coincidence is that years ago, Gauri was reportedly indifferent to another Ms World Aishwarya Rai .Says our source, ``When Ash walked out Chalte Chalte, SRK's home production, things between Gauri and the former Ms World were strained.'' Our source recalls that when Gauri and SRK who share a happy vibe with Abhishek Bachchan went to wish him for his birthday(Feb 5) before he had married Ash, they were very warm to Bachchan Jr but Gauri wasn't particularly friendly with Ash at that point.However it seems that now things are perfectly pleasant with at least one Ms World and Gauri. Yes Gauri did make it to Aishwarya's baby shower and she shares a nice equation with the entire Bachchan khandaan.Let's hope the other Ms World title winner Priyanka too manages to get back into the gracious Gauri's good books. Most of SRK's heroines like Gauri and only have good things to say about her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519520", "title": "\u2018Tough task to break SP fortress in Karchana\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Former environment minister and Samajwadi Party leader Ujjwal Raman Singh on Monday claimed that it's not an easy task to break the fortress of SP in Karchana as people here do not believe in money and muscle politics.While holding a meeting at Babura Gram Panchayat, the former MLA said that about 70% voters here are educated and they talk about development instead of caste-based politics.SP leaders further added that \"party is not only going to form the next government but it will also bring smiles on the faces of people of the state also.\" The party is talking more about employment and understands the woes of the public.On the occasion, scores of BSP workers also announced to accept the membership of SP.Leaders said that they have been working to strengthen the base of the party at the grassroots level.Leaders also claimed that BSP government had ignored the interest of the Muslim community and SP now assures better education and employment opportunities for them.SP leaders further added that \"party is not only going to form the next government but it will also bring smiles on the faces of people of the state also.\" The party is talking more about employment and understands the woes of the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519184", "title": "UP assembly polls: Row over sleaze shows for voters", "text": "KANPUR: With Uttar Pradesh set to go to assembly polls next month, some candidates of various political parties in this industrial town have come up with a new idea to entice the voters - they are organizing sleaze shows where bar girls from Mumbai dance to Bollywood tunes in skimpy outfits.\"Candidates have started booking us for dance shows to lure voters and to keep the morale of the party workers high,\" said Chandni (name changed), a bar dancer from Mumbai, who was a part of one such show organized by candidate of a political party in Kalyanpur area of the city on Saturday.And Chandni is not alone. \"In the past few days, there has been a huge increase in calls being made to us by the clients (read politicians), who want bar dancers to entertain gatherings at their shows,\" said co-ordinator of one such bar dancers' group hailing from Mumbai, on condition of anonymity. \"We have been provided with good accommodation besides other perks,\" he added.Not only in the industrial town, with elections round the corner, there have been a huge rise in the demand for bar dancers all over the state. It is mostly small-time leaders in small towns who are splurging money to make a fortune in the polls,\" he further informed.Shiva, who arranges these shows, said, \"I have a group of 23 dancers, including local girls and few from Mumbai. They are all booked as of now for dance shows by various political candidates. I have been maintaining a diary with details of advance amount being paid to us by various political parties that are keen on organizing such shows to lure voters ahead of assembly elections.\" Not only big parties, but even smaller parties and independent candidates are using this technique to lure people, he added.There are many girls in our troupe working in Mumbai on meager salary. When they were asked if they would be interested in a trip to UP where election fever is catching up and would be paid better, they readily agreed, he added.\"Bar dancers from Mumbai are being paid no less than Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 per show, exclusive of tips, whereas male dancers, who are hired locally and their job is to fuel the atmosphere with their antics along with their female counterparts, charge between Rs 2,000 and Rs 3,000,\" he added.The girls usually gyrate to Bollywood or Bhojpuri numbers in skimpy outfits with their male counterparts and often invite people to join the revelry.A commotion was witnessed at one such \"dance gathering\" organized allegedly by a local Samajwadi Party leader in Kalyanpur area of the city on the occasion of 'Makar Sankranti,' on Saturday. As the bar girls danced in skimpy dresses, a motley crowd of youths that had gathered there for the fun-cum-political show, went out of control. The Kalyanpur police, who were informed by the locals, rushed to the spot and reportedly asked the organizers to call off the show.Police too admitted said the dancers were dressed inappropriately and indulged in provocative dancing.Coming down heavily on such shows, city vice-president of BJP Surendra Maithani charged that \"the Samjwadi Party is trying to garner support by using cheap tactics\". We have apprised the Election Commission about the whole issue, he claimed.However, city Samajwadi Party president Chandresh Singh denied the charges. He said: \"Allegations made by the BJP leader are totally false. The dance programme was organized by the Poorvanchal Mahasabha and not by the SP.\"ACM VI RP Tripathi, who has been appointed as returning officer of Kalyanpur assembly segment, said: \"We have instructed officials of Kalyanpur police station to look into the matter and provide us with details regarding the dance show. If found violating election norms, serious action would be taken against the party concerned.\"Title: UP Assembly Elections 2012URL: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/uttar-pradesh-assembly-elections/assemblyarticlelist/11352218.cmsTitle: Elections 2012 NewsURL: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/assembly-elections-2012-news/assemblyarticlelist/11352142.cms", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519206", "title": "It's elimination round for Kerala Strikers", "text": "KOCHI: Many of them have attended elimination rounds of reality shows as judges. This time the situation will be slightly different for the film stars playing Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) for Kerala Strikers. In the 'elimination round' to be held today, the stars will be in the shoes of candidates keenly waiting for the judges' decision.It is a tiresome job for the selector to make the final pick of 14 from the 19 players who have been part of the team ever since the practice session and friendly matches started three months ago. \"It's a difficult job for me. But I have to do it,'' said Pankaj Chandrasenan, coach and selector of the team. \"The all-round performance and fitness of the players will be crucial. I will have to keep the balance of the team in mind while selecting,'' he added.Selecting the final XI for each match will also be a difficult job for the selector. Rumours are doing the rounds about whether the 'stars' will play or not. \"Those who were not regular at the practice sessions may not figure in the team. But the organisers will have to ensure that the charm of celebrity cricket is not lost. So, keeping out prominent stars will not be a good idea. But I am sure, Unni Mukundan, Bineesh Kodiyeri,Vivek Gopan, Manikkuttan and Rajiv Pillai will be in the team. They play well,'' a player said.Mohan Lal and Indrajith are the captain and vice-captain. Others in the team are Prithviraj,Boban Kunjacko, Bala, Saiju Kurup, Manikuttan, Unni Mukundan, Vinu Mohan, Bineesh Kodiyeri, Prajodh Kalabhavan, Munna, Nivin Pauly, Vivek Gopan, Rajat Menon, Rajeev Pillai, Asif Ali, Riyas Khan and Nikhil. In the first match the team will take on Chennai Rhinos in Hyderabad on January 21. The next day Kerala Strikers will play Mumbai Heroes in a home match in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519507", "title": "Political parties have ignored Purvanchal, says Sonkar", "text": "ALLAHABAD: State secretary of Rashtriya Lok Manch Satyapriya Sonkar has asserted that all political parties have ignored Purvanachal which is facing acute problems for the past several decades.He observed that it's a great irony that though about 28 MPs and 147 MLAs belong to this region but the successive governments have completely ignored the welfare of the region due to which farmers are forced to commit suicide. He blamed the Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party , Samajwadi Party and Bharatiya Janata Party for ignoring the development of Purvanchal region. He accused the leaders of these parties of only seeing their won interests rather than promoting the interests of the people of this region.He, however, remarked that main intention of the formation of Rashtriya Lok Manch is the creation of a separate state of Purvanchal so that there is all round development of this region and people are not forced to leave this place.Regarding the main issues that have been raised by the Rashtriya Lok Manch include creation of a separation state of Purvanchal, giving free electricity and water to the farmers, reservation of about 30% youth in the state legislature, implementation of the reports of Sachar Committee and Ranganath Mishra Commission, restoration of unions in Universities and colleges and other issues.Meanwhile, political parties have intensified their campaigning for the forthcoming Vidhan Sabha polls. BSP candidate from City (North) Harsh Bajpai made door to door campaigning in different parts of Allahpur on Monday. He said that confidence of the opposition parties have fizzled away as BSP would come in full force again this time. He said that the problem of the people of the city would be raised vociferously on the floor of House. tnn== Allahabad: Members of the Muslim community on Monday expressed concern over the proposed visit of India-born writer Salman Rushdie and burnt his effigy near Balson Crossing. In fact, anger is brewing among the community members and they are openly lodging their protest on streets and crossings of the Sangam city. The locals also raised slogans and demanded union government to cancel the visa without any delay. In fact, ulemas have too come on streets opposing the proposed visit of the writer. Locals said that union government must understand the sentiments of the citizens and cancel the visa of the writer without any delay.They said that people of community have been raising their voice across the country and demanded the union government to take action in the same regard.The locals candidly claim that they would teach a strict lesson to congress party during the elections in state if it failed to listen their demand of canceling the visa of the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519169", "title": "City can't handle its septage waste", "text": "KOCHI: A study submitted to the Kochi Corporation reveals that the local bodies' existing sewerage treatment system is incapable of treating more than 5% of septic waste generated in the city.The study conducted by German International Cooperation (GIZ), points out that once commissioned, the on-going sewerage treatment projects will only be able to treat another 25% of septage.The study was carried out as part of the ministry of urban development's (MoUD) initiative to implement city sanitation planning (CSP) in 141 cities across the country. GIZ has been entrusted with the job of conducting the study in Kochi. Though the city has been ranked 81 among 423 other cities in a sanitation rating exercise by MoUD in 2009-10, the study says that the proposed sewerage plants are not economically and technically feasible. Corporation council has approved the study and asked GIZ to submit a detailed project report (DPR). As part of this exercise, GIZ will give a DPR based after conducting a study in two wards of the corporation.Town planning committee chairman K J Sohan said, \"The on-going projects located at Mundamveli and Kadavanthra are insufficient to handle the needs of a growing city. There is a need for a city-wide master plan, which will help to resolve the sewerage treatment issue.\"GIZ's study also reveals that 19% of urban poor do not have individual toilets as sanitation service levels have not kept pace with growth of the city.The high water table, narrow roads and soil conditions of Kochi demands rigorous planning, sophisticated contractors, and strong monitoring systems.In Kochi nearly 26 agencies are involved in septic tank cleaning 70 vehicles of 6000 litre capacity make two trips a day to remove septic tank waste. Average rate charged for service Rs 2200 to Rs 2500.No designated sites to dump septage waste as it invites public resistance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11520013", "title": "Now, Ramdas bats for city extensions", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas went on the backfoot on the issue of extending city limits but batted for Bruhat Mysore City Corporation (BMCC), stating it will help the local body financially.Facing criticism from the political class for insisting on extending the city limits, including 41 villages in its surroundings, Ramdas has now agreed to have a relook and set elected representatives to work it out. According to him, the elected representatives will have to choose between the two options - BMCC or an authority to manage the five industrial suburbs in the city. Playing hardball, the minister said: \"It's up to the elected representatives and public to decide.\" He indicated that he is in favour of GMCC.This comes ahead of MCC who will take up the subject in its council meeting later this month. On December 29, the civic body placed the proposal before the House asking members to discuss it, which invited wrath from the political class. Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath said the proposal is aimed to help realtors and accused Ramdas of helping them. He argued that MCC has no locus standi on it. He said the Mysore Urban Development Authority has to take a call on it but Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said MCC has to decide.As per 2011 census, 9 lakh are living in MCC limits while the 41 villages have 1.80 lakh people. If BMCC tag is approved, the number of wards will jump from 65 to 105. The MCC limits will stretch to 298 sqkm from the exiting 128.42 sqkm.Ramdas discussed with elected representatives and placed these options. He said: \"There is this demand from the industry to constitute an authority to manage the five industrial areas in the city. The CM is seized of the matter. In case the authority is set up, the BMCC cannot be constituted. The BMCC will help the civic body financially.\"\"I'm aware that the move is suspected. But it is in the interest of the city,\" he said.According to him, the 16 gram panchayats which have jurisdiction over 41 villages proposed to be included within MCC limits.\"They have accorded their consent to hand over village management to the local body. When they were asked, they agreed,\" he said. Corporation commissioner K S Raykar, an expert in urban bodies' management, said the financial assistance from state government will increase if the BMCC is set up. \"The State Finance Commission grants will increase to Rs 60 crore,\" he said.There are major industries and acclaimed industrial units like Infosys in the industrial area. \"In case they become a part of MCC, Rs 60 crore as property tax will be generated additionally,\" he said, adding 75% of the 41 villages have urban facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517575", "title": "Age row: Army chief drags govt to court; defence ministry ready for legal battle", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first for a serving military chief in the country's independent history, Army chief Gen Vijay Kumar Singh dragged the government to the Supreme Court on Monday by challenging it over the festering issue of his date of birth (DoB).In a combative yet emotional writ petition in the apex court, Gen Singh argued his fight to get his DoB corrected from 'May 10, 1950' to 'May 10, 1951', was a matter of his personal and professional honour, which he said was very dear to him as a soldier who has served the country bravely, without fear or favour.\"It's all about honour and integrity, not tenure,\" said Gen Singh, \"hurt\" by the repeated insinuations that he was attempting to secure an additional year of service at the fag end of his career. In his petition, which is likely to be heard on Friday or next week, he has solemnly declared that as per his date of birth of May 10, 1951, he is due to retire only on March 31, 2013, after completing a three-year tenure.General V K Singh has promised in his writ petition before the Supreme Court that he would not take advantage of the correction and retire as scheduled on May 31, 2012. All he wanted of the court, said Gen Singh, was to protect his honour, which was fundamental to a soldier's life, by making his year of birth 1951.Coming as it did a day after Army Day and Gen Singh himself trying to play down the row, the Army chief's unprecedented step sent shock waves across South Block with defence ministry (MoD) mandarins going into a hurdle. Sources said the MoD, which allowed the controversy to fester for far too long, was \"fully ready\" to join the legal battle with Gen Singh, who is brandishing his school-leaving certificate and other documents to buttress his age claims.Armed with its set of documents, the MoD has time and again held Gen Singh's DoB will stand at May 10, 1950. The controversy has seen MoD thrice refer the issue to AG, who returned identical opinions disagreeing with the Army chief's contentions.Technically, Gen Singh's DoB is crucial since it will decide when he has to retire, impacting the entire line of succession in the 1.13-million strong force. If it remains 1950, then he would hang up his boots on May 31, clearing the way for Eastern Army commander Lt Gen Bikram Singh to become the next Army chief, as MoD wants.But if it's settled at 1951, then Northern Army commander Lt Gen K T Parnaik could take over since Gen V K Singh could continue in office till March 2013 (even though he has averred to the contrary), while Lt Gen Bikram Singh will retire this year. Meanwhile, seniormost serving Lt Gen, Western Command chief Shankar Ghosh, has also jumped into the fray, as reported by TOI. A service chief can serve for three years or up to 62 yrs, whichever is earlier.TIMES VIEW: Now that the matter has reached the Supreme Court, the merits of the arguments of both the sides will be decided. It's, however, unfortunate that things had to reach this pass. When the chief of the Army and the government clash on an issue as trivial as the age of the Army chief and they are unable to resolve the dispute amicably, it affects the morale of those in the armed forces and in civilian life. Even now, we would appeal for better sense to prevail and for an honourable settlement to be reached that is saisfactory to both the sides.Gen VK Singh's date trouble:1965: Date of Birth (DoB) filled as May 10, 1950, in UPSC application form (Gen Singh says it was done by a school teacher)1967/68: Gen Singh submits school certificate showing 1951 as year of birth1974-75: Army List published showing 1950The age row: TimelineArmy's Adjutant General branch records DoB as May 10, 1951, but Military Secretary's branch records it as May 10, 19502002: Gen Singh demands the differing records be reconciled2006: Gen Singh is promoted to Lt-Gen rank, says he was forced to give an undertaking accepting 1950 as the year of birth2008: When he is promoted as Army Commander, he gives an undertaking again to maintain 1950 as his year of birth, but Gen Singh's supporters say it was extracted under coercionEarly 2010: Just before his appointment as the chief in April, Gen Singh writes to then Army chief and defence secy, saying the issue was a closed chapterOctober 2010: An RTI application is filed by an IAS officer seeking Army chief's birth date. It is referred to legal adviser to MoD, who says the chief was born in 1951May 6, 2011: MoD objects to being bypassed in seeking legal opinion and Army HQs efforts to correct recordsMay 2011: Army chief petitions MoD on the issue, demands 'reconciliation' of his DoBJuly 2011: MOD rejects the demand, based on Attorney General's opinionAugust 2011: Gen Singh files a statutory complaint with defence minister AK AntonyDecember 2011: MoD rejects the statutory complaint, based on Attorney General's opinionJanuary 16, 2012: Gen Singh moves SC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518460", "title": "Mystery surrounds Sanjiv Bhatt's posters at congress fast venue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mystery surrounds the hoardings featuring suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt that were put up in Surendranagar city. The poster appeals to people to join the Congress in their fight against chief minister Narendra Modi.Members of the Surendranagar district Congress committee claim that they had put up the hoardings in Surendranagar for the Congress's Satkarma fast against Chief Minister Narendra Modi's Sadhbhavna fast.District Congress members claimed that they had put up the hoarding after obtaining consent from Bhatt. However, Sanjiv Bhatt and Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee president Arjun Modhwadia were quick to deny the involvement either of the Congress or Bhatt himself.Arjun Modhwadia said \"We had not put up any posters of Sanjiv Bhatt. It was some other organization, not associated with the Congress that had put up these hoardings.\"The posters put up in Surendranagar read that Bhatt has ideology and is not a politician, while Modi who is a politician has no ideology. \"There cannot be any compromise and hence let the battle continue - Sanjiv Bhatt, IPS,\" the poster proclaimed.However, Bhalaji Solanki, the Surendranagar district Congress president said, \"We had put up the hoardings couple of days before and these were sent to district Congress by Bhatt himself. We just got them painted large and put up all over Surendranagar city.\"Meanwhile, Bhatt has said, \"The picture and the poem of Bhuchung Sonam which was quoted in my letter to Narendra Modi are in the public domain and can be used by anyone. However, the claim of Bhalaji Solanki suggesting that I sent him the hoardings is absolutely fanciful and ridiculous. I am glad that the hoardings have been taken down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519074", "title": "Don't put kids to hardship: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The government should stop conducting school-level competitions if it cannot ensure that students aren't put to hardship, the Kerala high court observed on Monday. It was considering a petition by children who had complained that they hadn't been able to perform well owing to lack of sleep and proper food.The petition was filed by three students of KPMHSS, Poothotta who had participated in Kathakali contest in the Ernakulam district school festival. They had approached the high court complaining that they were unable to perform well and had failed to get prizes as the competitions, scheduled to be held at 3 pm on January 5, were held at 4.30 am the next day. The court dismissed the petition saying that all the contestants would have endured similar kind of hardship as the complainants. However, Justice S Siri Jagan observed that it was not fair to ask school children to wait without food or sleep to take part in competitions. \"I'm of the opinion that the government should take appropriate steps to see that competitions are conducted as scheduled and without putting poor children to such travails. If the government cannot do it properly, I'm of the opinion that such festivals should be stopped,\" he observed.While considering another petition that highlighted the errors in calculating marks for Kolkkali, the court asked the director of Public Instruction to make sure that the three judges who had committed errors were not made judges in State-level school festivals in future. The court gave the ruling after a student of AKMHS, Kottur challenged PKMHSS, Edaricode being awarded the first prize in Kolkkali. An appeal committee found errors in tallying of marks by these three judges. The petitioner had also pointed out that a few of the judges were evaluating multiple contests as there was dearth of qualified personnel to do the jotitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11519102", "title": "Traffic snarls continue unabated in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: Swaraj Round has become a headache for commuters as well as pedestrians because of routine traffic congestions. With Thrissur hosting the Kerala School Kalolsavam from Monday, authorities will soon have to come up with a solution to break this jinx and maintain traffic flow.\"As Thrissur is situated in the central Kerala, numerous important functions are held here. As this is an ideal location for mass programmes and conventions, people from across the state visit Thrissur. Traffic movement becomes difficult on such occasions,\" said T P Shaiju, sub inspector (Traffic). Shaiju added that parking problems and heavy vehicular movements were not helping matters.T M Sajiv who has been driving autos for the last eight years in Thrissur said, \"Traffic congestion is on the rise every day. Any major function is sure to block vehicle flow. Passengers get irritated and walk blocks take time to clear. We are hesitant to provide service where traffic snarls are common during festivals and programmes.\"But, the cops have come up with a plan to tackle the problem. \"All vehicles will be diverted when processions begin near Swaraj Round since nearly every road joins at this circular junction. Vehicles will be diverted to East Fort, Aswini Junction, M G Road, Punkunnam Junction and a few more roads,\" said the sub inspector. He did agree that the plan would create traffic problems along these roadsThe joint panel of public representatives and police want to relocate the parking space at Swaraj Round to ease traffic flow. Though the panel met early in January 2012, no decision was taken by the authorities and sources say the next meeting will surely result in a plan of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11519545", "title": "HC reserves verdict on statues till election ends", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A second PIL challenging the EC order to drape statues of chief minister Mayawati and her party symbol, the elephant, in public parks, was admitted by the Allahabad High Court, but the court reserved its verdict on the issue till the polling process gets over.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Ramesh Sinha on a PIL filed by Dhiraj Pratap Singh. The bench, after hearing all the parties concerned, reserved its verdict in view of the ongoing process of assembly elections and the nature of the controversy involved.The EC had directed that the statues of Mayawati and elephants, mostly in Noida and Lucknow, be covered so that the BSP may not get undue advantage in the 2012 assembly elections.Appearing for the petitioner, his counsel contented that CEC's order was violative of Article 25 of the Constitution which provides religious freedom to a citizen. He also contended that the petitioner was \"a devout Hindu, who has felt hurt by the EC order as the figure of an elephant represented the venerable Lord Ganesha\".\"Being the symbol of Lord Ganesha, elephants represent a religion, therefore, the EC order to cover the statues of elephants amounts to violation of fundamental right of a particular community,\" it was contended on behalf of the petitioner.Singh had moved a similar petition last week which was \"dismissed as withdrawn\" by the court on January 11 because of \"technical shortcomings\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518943", "title": "Accused to be in city soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prime accused in the sensational double murder of siblings Kavita, 17, and Gaurang, 15 a \" Rahul Sahu\" was nabbed in Mumbai and would be brought to Chandigarh in one or two days.A team of crime branch sleuths was sent to Mumbai after receiving input regarding the arrest on Friday. Sahu would be brought to Chandigarh by air. He would be presented in local court so his police custody can be sought.Sources in police told TOI, \"Accused is saying he had entered the house of the siblings with the intention of robbery.\"A resident of Raipurrani in Panchkula district, Sahu was absconding since the murder of the siblings in their house in Sector 41 on December 16. Sahu's presence in the area was confirmed by some neighbours of the victims.Chandigarh police had released the picture of the accused on January 2 and announced a reward of Rs 2 lakh to any person providing information about his whereabouts. Police had also come to know that a day after the gruesome murders, Sahu was thrashed by some people near a religious place in Ambala district on December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11517218", "title": "Missing girl found in servant quarter", "text": "NOIDA: The city police managed to recover a girl, a student of class VI, who had gone missing on December 26 from sector 29 area on Monday. The girl was found living in the servant quarter in the upscale locality by the owner of the house, Retd Brigadier RK Shawney and his wife Kumud, in which their domestic help Omkar resides.\"When the couple asked their domestic help what the girl was doing in his living quarter, he did not give a satisfactory reply. The police were then informed. It was later revealed that the girl had gone missing and her father had filed a complaint with the police on December 28,\" said SO of sector 20 police station, IP Singh.The girl's father, Mahender Kumar has been residing with his wife and four daughters in Atta for the last 16 years. On December 26, after returning from school she had left her house for tuitions in sector 30. She did not come back. When the family failed to trace her, Kumar registered a complaint with sector 20 police station. \"We have detained Omkar Thapa, a native of Darjeeling, while the girl has been sent for medical examination. On Tuesday, her statement would be recorded before the magistrate after which investigations will resume,\" Singh said, adding that it could be a love affair case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517177", "title": "Lathicharge over N-plant job protest", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Monday resorted to a lathicharge when a protest by contractual labourers at Tarapur Atomic Power Power Station demanding permanent jobs threatened to turn ugly. They also prevented a woman from immolating herself.When the crowd of over 2,000 workers and villagers residing in and around the vicinity of TAPS unit 1 and 2 began hurling stones at the police, they had no option but to lathicharge the mob. The woman protester, Jayshri More of Ghivali village, around 1.6 km from the reactors, was arrested after she poured kerosene on herself and tried to set herself on fire. The protesters will be produced in court on Tuesday.The 206 temporary workers have been doing 'D' grade jobs like housekeeping and gardening . They are also employed during maintenance shutdown of the nuke plant.Since 2003, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL), which controls the TAPS, reduced the services of contract workers who have since been staging agitations for permanent jobs in the plant.The protest began a few days ago. In a bid to draw the attention of officials, the protesters decided to stage a self-immolation on Monday. More was the first to douse herself with kerosene. She was arrested.An NPCIL official said the services of contract labourers were used as and when required. Last year, NPCIL invited applications from technically qualified people. \"Only 14 people turned up for the tests. Of them, 10 were selected,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11518508", "title": "Newly weds enjoy tea &amp; samosas", "text": "BRS NAGAR: It was a family time, in fact an extended one, for Sunny and Neeru of BRS Nagar, who organized a lunch followed by a tea party on Monday for their recently wed cousin Ramandeep Kaur, who married Ricky. Another couple, Charanjit Singh and Ramandeep Kaur also joined them for this small get-together. The three couples enjoyed hot food in the afternoon followed by tea and samosas, with good weather as a company. \"There is a tradition to call newlyweds for lunch or dinner party, so we decided to call my cousin on Monday since she got married last month only,\" said Sunny, a medical representative. He said everybody enjoyed the lunch and since weather was cold, hot samosas made their party complete.Charanjit, who is also a businessman, said, \"Earlier we were busy with Lohri celebrations and the newlyweds were also not available, so we kept it for Monday. Though weather was a bit problematic, but at the end of the day it was fun. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517750", "title": "Fake certificate probe widens", "text": "NEW DELHI: After unearthing a racket involving hundreds of domicile, income and OBC certificates in the Najafgarh tehsil, the Delhi government has decided to extend the scope of investigations to other districts. All complaints and queries regarding the certificates issued by tehsils will now be examined during monthly reviews headed by the revenue secretary of the state. All sub-divisional magistrates (SDMs) have been asked to carry out random checks of the certificates in their tehsils.The revenue department plans to lodge a case in a day or two against tehsildar (Najafgarh) Ashok Kumar for tampering with government records, forgery and cheating. He has already been suspended.Revenue secretary-cum-divisional commissioner Vijay Dev told TOI that this is just the beginning of a campaign to check issuing of certificates to fake applicants.\"Certificates like domicile, income and OBC are critical documents for admissions and employment. For genuine applicants, they have tremendous value and any attempts to counterfeit these or give them to fake applicants are unacceptable,\" Dev said.To begin with, Dev plans to hold monthly reviews with representatives of all the nine districts, where all complaints and queries related to certificates will be examined to ensure everything is above board. At present, the complaints are handled by tehsildars.\"We are identifying the tehsils where the maximum number of certificates is issued. There will be increased vigil in these tehsils. I have also directed sub-divisional magistrates of the all districts to carry out random checks to send a message that those indulging in malpractices will not be spared. We will put all the data online so that details can easily be traced,\" said Dev.TOI reported on Sunday that the revenue department of the state had found that of the 1800-odd certificates issued between September and December 2011 under categories like domicile, income and those meant for OBCs by the office of the Najafgarh tehsildar, over 650 were issued against fake applications or no applications.The chief secretary of Delhi P K Tripathi has suspended tehsildar (Najafgarh) Ashok Kumar on the basis of an inquiry into the issuing of certificates in the Palam tehsil, which was being handled by him as additional charge during December. Before he took charge of the Najafgarh tehsil in September, Kumar was in charge of the Punjabi Bagh tehsil, which is now under scrutiny as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519197", "title": "Master plan for tourism project ready", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration has finalised a master plan for the developing tourism in Kadambrayar. District collector PI Sheik Pareeth said that the project would be implemented in four stages at a cost of Rs. 10.91 crore and the district administration would seek state government's approval and financial aid.Pareeth said that Rs 1.82 crore has been allocated for the first phase of the project that would cover an area from Chitrapuzha bridge to Infopark.In the first phase walkways on both sides of the backwaters and a boat jetty will be completed. In the second phase, for which the authorities have allocated Rs. 4.04 crore, a 7.75 km walkway and four boat jetties will be constructed. In the third and fourth phase of the project, 1400 trees will be planted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11517805", "title": "Police probe city investment scam worth 37 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Not only chain-snatching and vehicle thefts, but even economic offences are plaguing the residents of Nashik city.An investment scam in which local residents were duped of Rs 37.25 lakh has come to light with a 21 year old college student filing a police complaint with the Bhard-rakali police station on Sunday.The college student has lodged a complaint was lodged against three persons, accusing them of cheating investors in the city to the tune of Rs 37,25,000. The complainant Vaibhav Shukla has said in his complaint that the accused Santosh Vaidya, Reema Vaidya and Arti Patil, all residing along Gangapur Road took money from people assuring to double the amount in 45 and 90 days depending on the sum deposited. They collected money from people from March 2010 to January 9, 2012 and were then absconding.Speaking to TOI, complainant Vaibhav Shukla said that he worked as an office boy at the office of Santosh Vaidya. \"I came in contact with them through my father who used to perform poojas at the offices of Vaidyas\" he said. Santosh Vaidya had two offices, one at Shalimar near the Gymkhana Shopping Centre and the other at Kapadia Complex opposite the Kalika temple on the old Mumbai-Agra Road.\"Vaidya, along with Arti Patil, who was a proper resident of Nashik used to convince close relatives and their acquaintances informing them of the scheme and promising to double the amount within three months,\" Shukla said. \"Initially people were given the money as promised. Seeing this, I too invested Rs 50,000 in October, 2011 and made two additional investments of Rs 50,000 in November. However, on January 9, Vaidya simply vanished from the scene. A few days before he fled, he said that the office was being shifted at his bungalow on Gangapur roadwhich he said was purchased, but it was actually while on the contrary it was taken on rent. He moved the computers and other eequipment things all by himself, and before the two offices at Shalimar and Old Mumbai Agra Road were closed, he disappeared from the scene\" Shukla added.Vaibhav said that surprisingly, Arti Patil, who was working as a manager cum agent at the office has also went with him. Vaibhav says that Arti was a proper native of the city. Her husband and in-laws all reside in Nashik. Santosh Vaidya has either forcibly taken Arti Patil with her, or she has left with him on her own, he said, pointing out that she has also taken her child with her.Vaibhav's father Rajabhau Shukla says, \"Everything was planned by them. Earlier they gave investors their due within the specified time. Later, they decided to give money in flat 45 days because they apparently had decided to leave Nashik.\"The police have spoken to 26 persons who were involved in the investment schemes and Police said that the fraud is said to the tune of Rs 37.25 lakh so far. But Police officials believe that the figure might cross a couple of crores. but people are not coming forward to lodge a complaint for fear of shame. about the same. They worry this will bring shame to them.The Bhadrakali police are investigating the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517321", "title": "Ex-guard held for 96 lakh robbery", "text": "MUMBAI: A security guard who was on the run after committing a Rs 96 lakh robbery at Bhiwandi last year was nabbed by the Mumbai Central GRP on Monday.Chhatra Bahadur Rawal, 43, planned to cross the border and was trying to board the Firozpur Janta Express when he was apprehended. Three of his aides have already been arrested; two more are at large.\"We have recovered 1.6 kg gold jewellery and 1.4 kg silver jewellery, collectively worth Rs 44 lakh, from Rawal. He used to work as a watchman at a society in Gilbert Hill, Andheri,\" senior police inspector Shivaji Shinde said. \"We were conducting baggage checks on the main line around 7.25am, when our personnel found Rawal's movements suspicious and checked his bags. His train was to leave in 10 minutes and he would have slipped away with a large portion of the loot, had we not intercepted him,\" he said.Rawal and his aides had barged into the home of builder Kamlakar Taware (60) on November 5, 2010. Kamlakar, who is the younger sibling of Bhiwandi MP Suresh Taware, had gone to Mahabaleshwar for two days with his family. His househelp was assaulted when he tried to resist the robbers. Between 9pm and midnight, the robbers had stripped the house of valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11519116", "title": "Week-long gender fest from March 8", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Celebrating Womanhood, a national0-level gender fest, will begin in the city on March 8, the International Women's Day. Women celebrities from different walks of life are expected to take part in the week-long fest.The fest is being organized at 11 different venues in the city as part of the foundation-laying ceremony of the Thantedam Gender Park for women at Vellimadukunnu. The city will see various programmes including seminars, cultural fests, book fairs, film exhibitions, sports meet, stage shows and ethnic food fest as part of the event. Minister for social welfare Dr M K Muneer said Kerala's first ever gender fest aims to empower women by increasing their confidence level.The programme committee will felicitate 100 women achievers at the State and national level. There are also plans to present a lifetime achievement award to a woman (who is yet to be selected) for her contributions to the country. The government was planning to invite President Prathibha Patil , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and women chief ministers in the country to Kerala on the occasion, Dr Muneer said. The state will spend Rs 2 crore for organizing the programme.Altogether 1,500 delegates were expected to participate in the fest, he added. M T Vasudevan Nair will chair the main organizing committee, which will be supported by sub-committees headed by people's representatives and leaders of women's organizations. District collector P B Salim will be the working chairman of the organizing committee.Thantedam Gender Park is the first venture of its kind in the country that will provide women opportunity to organize programmes and to get together at their own convenience. The park is being set up at a five-acre plot. The first phase of the project, costing Rs 10 crore, is expected to be completed in a year. Women architects will be in charge of the construction work.The state government will also seek the possibilities for opening similar parks in Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram, Dr Muneer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518284", "title": "Rahul set to tour Bundelkhand from Jan 17", "text": "LUCKNOW: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi will launch the fifth phase of his yatra on January 17. During his five-day tour, Rahul is expected to touch parts of Bundelkhand and Sonbhadra. The party sources said the detailed programme is still being worked out. Rahul has covered a number of key constituencies in central, western and eastern Uttar Pradesh during the last four phases of his public connect programme.Bundlekhand is a vital link in the chain. The impoverished belt has seen a fierce turf war between political parties after Rahul's visit to the region four years ago. While addressing a public rally in Jhansi, Rahul had targeted the Mayawati government for the first time and charged that funds sent by the Central government were being siphoned off by the BSP government. This had set off a series of attack and counter attack between the BSP and Congress party, and soon SP and even BJP also joined in.During the first two days of his tour, Rahul is slated to address public meetings in Lalitpur and Jhansi. \"The timey visit will give a major boost to the party's prospect in this region, \"said Vivek Singh, party's MLA from Banda, who is supervising the preparations. Jhansi and Lalitpur, he told TOI, have seen mass migration over the last few years as the unemployed and famished locals fled to greener pastures in Punjab and Maharashtra.\"Despite pumping of funds by the Centre, the area is reeling under water scarcity and power shortage while repeated droughts and crop failures have only added to the stark depression among farmers. People are now rearing for a change and Rahul promises just that,\" Singh said.Sonbhadra, the third stoppage in the itinerary, is another poor, tribal-dominated area known for its naxal connections. The party has been trying to make a dent in the constituency for the last two years and even held a massive rally last year which was addressed by UPCC units incharge Digvijay Singh . A visit by Rahul could be the final clincher, the party hopes. Meanwhile, even though there is no official confirmation yet, UPCC sources claim that Priyanka Gandhi Vadhera is also set to tour the family bastion Amethi and Rae Bareli from January 16. Priyanka is known to have visited the twin constituencies ahead of the assembly and Lok Sabha elections. With Sonia not too well and Rahul busy with spearheading the party campaign in the entire state, Priyanka, sources said, could devote more time. Despite high demand from candidates from other constituencies, she is, as usual, unlikely to step out of the family borough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11518030", "title": "Boy electrocuted while flying kite", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an unfortunate accident, a 13 year old boy was electrocuted and died on the way to the hospital on Sunday.The incident took place when the deceased Venkatesh Kumar a resident of Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, near Selvapuram in Telugupalayam, was flying a kite on the terrace of his house along with his sister Puspalath (9).Venkatesh a student of class 7 at the Corporation school at MNC Street, was residing with his grandmother after his mother died few months ago and his father left him home alone to work in Dindigul.He was back from Palani after 15 days on a pilgrimage by road along with his relative to be with his grandmother to celebrate the festival of Pongal. After eating the Pongal feast, he went to the terrace to fly a kite along with his sister. At some point the kite got stuck on a high tension wire, the police said.Venkatesh attempted to remove the kite which was tangled in the wires. He climbed on to the sunshade and tried to retrieve the kite. He accidently touched the electric wire and was electrocuted. He was rushed to a private hospital from where he was referred to the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital.He died on the way to hospital. The post mortem was conducted at the Coimbatore Medical college Hospital. His body was handed over to his grandmother on Monday. A case has been registered by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518089", "title": "Senior citizen hit by private 'school' bus", "text": "NAGPUR: Just a week after 8-year-old Virat Zade was crushed to death by his school bus, a senior citizen was hit by an allegedly speeding private school bus at Awasti Nagar on Katol Road on Monday morning. The bus owner claimed that the vehicle was operated only for tourist services and not as a school bus.Mohammad Ibrahim Iqbal, a retired school principal, was crossing the road when the minibus driver Yogendra Tirpude (21) ran into him. Ibrahim suffered head injuries and suspected fractures on the leg, and is said to be in critical condition.Zade's death had raised several questions about rules and regulations followed by school bus owners, drivers and school authorities. While Hudkeshwar police have already arrested six persons, including the bus contractor involved in the case, the city police are also checking other schools and buses to see if they are following rules and regulations.Around 10am, Tirpude was heading from Awasti Nagar square to Mankapur ring road when suddenly a biker came onto the road from a lane. \"In a bid to save the bike rider, the driver veered away sharply and hit Ibrahim, who was crossing the road,\" said eyewitness Shailesh Pande.However, other residents blamed the bus driver for the accident. They said that the bus goes via the same route every day and ferries many children from nearby areas to the school. \"Usually the driver drives very fast. On Monday too, the driver was driving fast and could not control the vehicle,\" said a resident who refused to be named.Residents said that there was one student in the bus. After the incident, he was brought down and taken to school by another driver who was also present in the bus.The loud noise alerted the family membesr who rushed to the spot. Before the driver could flee the spot, the residents caught him and rushed Ibrahim in the same bus to a nearby hospital. Later, he was shifted to a private hospital near Lokmat Square.Ibrahim suffered head injuries and is learnt to have fractured his legs, said Gittikhadan police.Tirpude told the cops that it was a private bus owned by Gajendra Thakre. Some parents have contracted with Thakre to drop their children to school. Thakre also came to the spot later.Thakre told TOI that Tirpude was taking the bus to Ramtek for some tourist purpose. On his way, Tirpude met another driver named Sachin, who was taking his child to school. Tirpude offered him a lift and hence the child was present in the bus.Pande said that generally Thakre, a resident of Bodgaon, would give the bus on rent for tour purposes and not for school. Cops are yet to interrogate Thakre and check his documents.Gittikhadan police have registered a case and arrested Tirpude, who was later released on bail.Police said Tirpude was working under the bus owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11517245", "title": "On a wild duck chase", "text": "KEONJHAR: Makar Sankranti revelry got a twist at Purusottampur village in Kuturapasi gram panchayat. They villagers organized a duck-catching competition to test the fitness of the participants. Three ducks were released into the village pond and the winner had to catch the duck. About 65 villagers from neighbouring villages participated in the 15-minute competitionDushamant Mohant of Purusottampur, Baruna Mohanta of Kutaripasi, Bikash Mohanta of Purusottampur bagged the first, second and third prizes. The winners got cash prize of Rs 2,000, Rs 1,500 and Rs 1,000 respectively. Villagers of Kutaripasi, Kankadapat, Nayakrushnapur, Purusottampur and Nepang of bordering Jharkhand participated in the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517726", "title": "MCD funds go to waste", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) cannot carry out any developmental work in unauthorized colonies, the civic agency in its 2011-2012 budget has allocated Rs 50 crore for carrying out developmental work in these colonies. In addition to this, a fund of Rs 10 lakh has been allotted for providing civic amenities in such colonies but none of the money has been used by MCD.There are over 100 wards that comprise of unauthorized colonies and the councilors of such wards complain that even if they want to carry out developmental work they are unable to do anything.\"Even basic road repairs cannot be carried out in such wards. Funds were allotted for developmental work in such wards but the money is lying unused,\" said Sarita Chaudhary, deputy chairman, MCD standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517606", "title": "Nursing home staff clash with attendants", "text": "PATNA: A private nursing home at Patrakarnagar witnessed ruckus following the assault of attendants of a dead patient allegedly by the nursing home employees.City SP Kim said that a named FIR against the employees of the nursing home would be lodged with the Patrakarnagar police station as they had allegedly assaulted the attendants of a patient, who died on Monday.Police said that one Karuna Nidhan, a native of Ara and ticket-checker in a bus, sustained serious injuries after the bus in which he was deployed met with an accident on December 20 at Sherghati in Gaya district. Police sources said that he was first treated at Ara and then shifted to PMCH. Police said that the injured patient was then taken to a private nursing home on December 28 from PMCH. Sources said that he succumbed to his injuries on Monday after which the attendants created a scene. Agitated over it, the nursing home employees allegedly assaulted the attendants, police said.A police officer on the condition of anonymity said that a heated argument took place between the attendants and the employees of the nursing home over clearing of bills, which escalated into a scuffle. On getting information, City SP and Patrakarnagar police station SHO reached the spot.Two arrested: The Ramkrishna Nagar police on Monday arrested two youths on the charge of teasing a young girl Vandana (name changed). Ramkrishna Nagar police station SHO Raghav Dayal said that the girl had earlier lodged a complaint with the police station concerned alleging that two youths Deepak and Bittu used to tease her whenever she came out of her residence at Jaganpura. He said that police swung into action and arrested the two youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518308", "title": "Gomtinagar residents may get pre-poll gift", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknowites may get an additional facility by the time they go to cast their vote for the assembly election on February 19. The much awaited railway overbridge (ROB) stretching over Mithaiwala crossing in Gomtinagar may finally be open to public by mid-February.Delayed by around a month, the facility was supposed to be thrown open to public by mid-January, probably on January 15 which happens to be chief minister Mayawati's birthday. However, rains and subsequent sharp fall in day time temperature, delayed the project.The approximately 1.5-km-long ROB was constructed from both ends until the Railway track, for which permission from the Railways Safety Division was sought. Having cleared the hurdle, even that stretch has been constructed. \"The girders have been laid. It is only a matter of time when the project gets completed and is thrown open to public any time by mid-February,\" said a senior official of the UP Bridge Corporation.The official also said that sharp decline in day temperature proved to be a constraint for the project. \"Construction of road is taken up at a certain range of temperature. In the present case, it was too low and would cause damaged to the concrete structure,\" an engineer said. The ROB has undergone a change in its alignment also. Earlier it was proposed to connect Lohia Path with Vivek Khand. However, it was later taken straight towards with the public works department claiming a higher traffic movement towards Uptron Crossing (Samtamoolak Crossing) than towards Vivek Khand. A senior bridge corporation official said that the traffic density moving towards Samtamoolak crossing is estimated to be around 75% of the total traffic on Lohia Path. Aimed at easing out traffic congestion on Lohia Path, the ROB was initially proposed to be a cycle and walking track during the regime of former chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav . However, with its feasibility and optimum usage coming into question, the project was modified into a ROB. Not surprisingly, one side of the track was converted into ROB soon after Mayawati came into power in 2007.Bridge corporation officials said that the ROB has a width of seven metres. \"The surface will be made out of concrete,\" said an official. \"This is because bitumen weathers off easily on a slanting structure, especially during rains. Moreover, the edges between the two connecting slabs on a ROB too get damaged,\" the official said. That possibility is reduced in case of a road constructed out of concrete, an engineer added. The project had been facing a stiff opposition from the residents of Gomtinagar, who had been claiming that the project would create problems to people commuting from Lohia Path into Vivek Khand. Each of the two ROBs is estimated to have been constructed at a cost of more than Rs 20 crore.Moreover, the corporation also decided to reduce the distance of the bridge by around 65 metres. This was because of a graveyard that came in the way. The bridge also tapered down sharply leaving engineers with no other option, but to reduce its length.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11519362", "title": "Acid test for Manipur chief minister Ibobi Singh as he eyes hat-trick", "text": "IMPHAL: Okram Ibobi Singh is credited with bringing political stability to Manipur. That seems to be one big factor working for him. Eyeing a hat-trick, the 2012 polls are an acid test for him. Having been at the helm for 10 years, during which there have been agitations, ethnic conflicts, fake encounters and a 121-day economic blockade, Singh has always managed to check the slide. The state goes to poll on January 28.Singh sounds confident. \"We'll win an absolute majority,\" he says. \"Manipur has lots of problems. We tried to address them by respecting the interests of all sections.\"Five parties-NCP, RJD, CPM, JD (U) and Manipur People's Party (MPP)-have come together against him. Yet, Singh doesn't look seriously threatened. Accused of almost finishing political opponents, many believe, if there's a change, it would come from within Congress. His party rivals are reportedly backing PCC chief Gaikhangam, a Zeliangrong Naga.Ibobi was having a dream run until seven militant outfits called for a ban on Congress this election. They're the CM's biggest headache. There are reports of Congressmen failing to campaign freely. \"Such threats are on the surface, but can never reach the people's hearts,\" Singh says.Until Singh became CM in 2002, no government had completed a full term. Singh not only did that, he also brought the party to power twice. \"He can take Manipur's problems to Delhi and the Centre listens,\" says N Biren Singh, a minister. But, rights groups accuse the government of allowing extrajudicial killings. There's also anger over Singh's failure to ensure supplies during the recent blockade. \"During Ibobi's rule, there were fake encounters, curfews, corruption and economic blockade,\" MPP chief Nimaichand Luwang says.IBOBI STROKES Ibobi faced anti-AFSPA stir after Manorama Devi's rape &amp; murder Repealed AFSPA from Imphal city Convinced Centre to remove Assam Rifles from Kangla Fort In his second term, public anger rose over extra-judicial killings Stopped NSCN (IM) leader Th Muivah from entering Manipur. This acted as a balm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517273", "title": "Plea to cancel Padamsinh Patil\u2019s bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has moved the Bombay High Court, urging it to cancel the bail of MP Padamsinh Patil, the prime accused in the 2006 murder case of Congress leader Pawanraje Nimbalkar, saying that he was using his influence and exerting pressure on the prosecution witnesses.In an affidavit, the CBI informed the court that six prosecution witnesses had turned hostile while deposing before the trial court. \"The witnesses have gone back on their earlier statements given to the CBI because of the pressure tactics adopted by Patil, a sitting MP from Osmanabad constituency,\" Samar Rana, DSP of CBI, stated in the affidavit.The prosecution has so far examined 20 witnesses in the trial, which commenced in July 2011. \"Of the 20 witnesses, six have retracted from the earlier statement given by them to the CBI,\" said Rana.Patil was held in June 2009 for hatching a conspiracy to murder his rival Nimbalkar. The CBI contends that Patil allegedly hired contract killers for Rs 30 lakh. Nimbalkar and his driver were shot dead on June 3, 2006, at Kalamboli in Navi Mumbai. Patil was granted bail by the Alibaug sessions court. The CBI then approached the HC. The next hearing is on February 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11518216", "title": "Sao Jose de Areal bungalow gutted, loss estimated at 20 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: Property worth over 20 lakh was gutted at Sao Jose de Areal on Monday afternoon after some dry grass that had caught fire soon engulfed the nearby bungalow belonging to Gopalbhai Jain, that also housed a godown, besides burning a pickup that was parked outside.The incident occurred at around 4.30pm. Sources in the fire and emergency services informed that the bungalow was locked as the occupants had gone out of town.Goods stored in the godown, which largely comprised crockery items and scrap material, were completely gutted in the fire, while furniture was reduced to ashes.Speaking to reporters, fire officer Gopal Shetye, who supervised the operation, said that firefighters fought the raging flames for over three hours before bringing the blaze under control.Six fire tenders, four from Margao fire station and two from Curchorem, were deployed for the firefighting operations, Shetye said, adding that approximately 25,000 litres of water were used in dousing the fire. While the directorate of fire and emergency services has pegged the estimated loss at around 20 lakh, sources said that the value could be much more. Sources in the fire and emergency services claimed that they managed to save property worth over 6 lakh. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11516940", "title": "To contest or not is the question", "text": "NAGPUR: The row between Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and sanitary worker Kamal Prakash Paserkar continues over the latter's application seeking permission to contest the civic elections.Paserkar is working with NMC's Mangalwari Zone and sent an application a month ago to the general administration department (GAD) of NMC seeking permission to contest the elections.\"I have sent the application to GAD, mayor Archana Dehankar and also the State Election Commission. I have not got any reply till date. I got a reply from Mangalwari Zone and have no faith in the officials concerned of the zone. In the reply, the official concerned has made it clear that I would have to resign to contest the elections. I want a reply from GAD, mayor or the SEC. There is a provision that allows me to contest the election but not continue as employee after being elected. I will resign if elected, but not if defeated. The same has happened in the past in NMC. A teacher contested the election without resigning and returned to the job since he was defeated,\" he said.Slamming the administration, Paserkar said, \"I am likely to get a ticket from MNS. BJP leaders are afraid of losing against me in my ward. There is a conspiracy behind denying me permission.\"However, NMC officials said there is no option but to resign if an employee wants to contest the election. \"Four employees have resigned and contested the election in the past. It is clearly mentioned in the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act that any government or NMC staffer may be disqualified if contesting the election without resigning. Therefore, there is no need to reply to his application seeking permission. He will be disqualified if is elected without resigning and also lose the job. It is better for him to resign and contest the election,\" said officials.It would be interesting to see how the row ends if and when Paserkar files a nomination form without resigning from NMC. However, Paserkar is confident of his knowledge of the laws and claimed to have submitted relevant documents to NMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519696", "title": "Phone records point to West Bengal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Delhi police have picked up the trail of a suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) member based in West Bengal. The person, identified as Haroon , had been using a BSNL phone to keep in touch with a suspect, who is believed to be Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh. The latter was also using a Kolkata cellphone number.The Delhi police, who were monitoring Haroon's telephonic conversation, found his contact (the suspect) in Mumbai . However, they were not sure about the suspect's identity . During that time, the Delhi police claimed to have busted an IM module and arrested six persons from Chennai and Bihar. The information gathered from their interrogation and Haroon's conversation led them to the Mumbai man.\"Haroon has never been actively involved in any blast in the country. He is part of a sleeper cell that generally does the supportive job for other members. Most recruits do not know about them as well,\" said a source. It may be noted that the Maharashtra ATS had got in touch with the West Bengal police in July last year to find information about somebody holed up in Murshidabad. However, the ATS later lost interest in him. There are reports that the activities of that suspect were not monitored after a few weeks of the blasts. \"Had the ATS been following the Murshidabad suspect , they would have definitely got some information,\" said the source.Haroon, who is originally from northern India, slipped out of the Delhi police's radar and switched off his mobile as well, said sources. However, the information collected during phone-tapping helped the police to indicate another module in Mumbai. The West Bengal police was later alerted about Haroon but by then he had left the state. The Delhi police found that Haroon had made calls to some people whose contact details were found in the mobile numbers of a few IM members arrested in November last. Sources said the prolonged time spent in verification cost the ATS; they lost the IM module from Mumbai.Guj to Nashik &amp; then a disappearing actMateen Hafeez | TNNAnother member of outlawed outfit, Indian Mujahideen (IM), who was being tracked by the Nashik anti-terrorism squad (ATS), appears to have vanished. The suspect, whose identity has not been disclosed, came from Gujarat to Nashik just after the blasts and fled the town only a fortnight ago. Cops, however, are not sure whether he is linked to the 13/7 blasts.Sources said this suspect had been in Gujarat for several months before shifting base to Nashik. \"He took a cyber cafe on rent and was reportedly running his activities from there. The Nashik ATS was on his trail but he managed to give them a slip,\" the source said. The suspect , also part of a sleeper cell, was acting as the owner of the cyber cafe and several people would come to meet him there. \"The police were trying to verify from the list of his visitors if they were part of the Indian Mujahideen group. However, it was too late for them.\"Sources further said that two to three weeks ago, the suspect approached the cyber cafe owner to inform him that he was suffering losses and could not run it any longer. He took away the hard disc of a few computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517420", "title": "4 youths killed in road mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Four youths were killed and 10 injured when an SUV rammed into a car near Rayta River on Kalyan-Murbad Road early on Monday.A group of 11 youngsters, who were in a Qualis, were on their way to the 'Mhasa Jatra' in Murbad when the SUV hit an Innova coming in the opposite direction around 1.30am. Both vehicles were being driven at a high speed. The Qualis overturned and three passengers, Bharat Pardeshi (20), Prem Jairwar (20) and Ankush Patel (22) died on the spot. Passerby and policemen who witnessed the accident rushed the victims to the hospital. Another Qualis passenger, Pawan Ghadtalal (23), succumbed while being taken to the hospital.Ten others, including three passengers travelling in the car, sustained injuries and were taken to Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar. Of the injured, Shreenath Nair (20), Raja Jaiswal (18) and Manish Sonawane (20) are in a critical condition and have been rushed to Sion Hospital. The other injured have been identified as Sagar Marodia (20), Akash Shetty (18), Ganesh Garade (25), Manoj Gaikwad (25) and Mohan Karale (25).Police sub-inspector S Kumbhar of Titwala police station said that the 11 Qualis passengers are all residents of Hanuman Nagar in Ulhasnagar and would attend the 'Mhasa Jatra' every year.The Titwala police have registered a case of rash driving and negligence leading to death against the car driver, Mohan Karale. \"We have registered an offence against Karale and once he is fit, we will arrest him in the matter,\" said Kumbhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519073", "title": "4 days on, cops yet to find lapse; assailant at large", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days have gone since DSP (communication) Roshan Lal initiated a probe to check the lapses on part of two cops deployed in a police control room vehicle that was parked outside Aroma hotel in Sector 22 when Harminder Singh, 29, was fatally attacked by eight men nearby on Thursday. However, soon after the incident, when TOI asked about the status of the report, the DSP had said, \"How would (the police personnel) know if nobody informed them?\"Police have also not been able to trace the eighth accused in the case, Sukhjit Singh Sooch. Police issued lookout notices for Sooch at different airports after it came to know that he was in possession of his valid passport.Sooch is a non-resident Indian settled in Canada and also owns a house in Phase XI, Mohali. The other seven arrested are, main accused Harsimranjeet Singh of Sector 44; Chandan Singh, Gautam Singh and Sandeep Kumar of Burail; Anand Singh and Mahavir Singh of Sector 41 and Parshant Kumar Dabral of Sector 49 were produced in district court on Monday and sent in judicial custody for 14 days. They were arrested on Saturday. Court of chief judicial magistrate Jasbir Singh Sidhu had sent them to two-day police custody. During interrogation, Harsimranjeet disclosed that after committing the crime, he and Sooch stayed together in his house in Sector 44 and in the morning of Friday, Sooch had left.The two PCR policemen who have been accused of negligence are sub-inspector (SI) Lakhbir Singh and home guard volunteer Amit Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518463", "title": "IIM-A holds event to inspire students regarding alternative careers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In order to familiarize its students with various career options other than joining a corporate company, the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad ( IIM-A) organized an event called 'IdeaFest.'Successful personalities interacted with the students and delivered lectures at the event. Organized by the entrepreneurship club and the Public Policy Group of the institute, the two-day event concluded on January 15.\"We wanted to create a platform for interaction between students and experts from various fields who have made unconventional career choices,\" said Prashast Srivastava, co-ordinator of Public Policy Group.The event brought to the campus many illustrious people from varied fields such as venture capital, policy research, image management, education and the non-profit sector. The speakers highlighted the ways in which they function. Head of PRS Legislative Research, M R Madhavan , spoke about the lack of awareness on important issues among legislators at both national and state levels. Madhavan's initiative works to strengthen the legislative process by making it better informed through research and data collection on public issues.Anil Joshi of Mumbai Angels was also among the speakers. Joshi described the role Mumbai Angels plays in the contemporary business landscape. He explained to the students how the firm decides which startups to fund, the pitfalls today's startups face and how they may be avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518466", "title": "No tears for natural artiste with long innings", "text": "This time last year, when thousands had gathered to celebrate Ganga Sagar Mela where the lifeline of India flows into the ocean, Bharati Devi had put on a DVD of Debaki Bose's Sagar Sangamey and travelled down memory lane. Tears flooded her eyes as she watched herself in the role that had fetched the Golden Lotus in 1959. Did the grand lady of 90 have some kind of premonition? This year, a day before Makar Sankranti, a handful of people gathered at Nandan 3 to mourn the actor who enjoyed an uncheckered career of 70 years, yet was ignored in her death by Tollywood biggies.Manju Adhikary was a mere child when Sagar Sangamey was made. \"On the very first day of shooting she commanded me with motherly affection, 'Come here, I am your Mashima!' And that's how she was to me, all through life.\" And why just to her? The childless actor was Pishima to her nephews, Sister Nibedita in Amar Mallik's Swamiji, Shibidi to Sharmila Tagore in Nirjan Saikatey, Sejo Bou in Galpa Holeo Satyai, Kando Thakuran in Tarun Majumdar's Aalo, Dadimaa in Goutam Ghose's Yatra, an octogenarian widow in Rituparno Ghosh's Chokher Bali... In other words, effortlessly Bharati Devi has blended into the role of an affectionate matron under almost all the major names of Tollygunge.It was end-1939 when Bharati Devi, born as Mahamaya Das in Harrison Road of 1922, first came to New Theatres. \"I didn't know a thing about cinema. All I remember is that Nitin Bose told Bimal Roy, the cameraman, 'Bimal, please take some photographs of this girl.' He took a photograph that created a sensation. Everyone approved of me on the basis of that photograph, in one voice they said, 'Yes, she will work (on screen),'\" she had said in the documentary, Remembering Bimal Roy. And to the last day of her life she did not forget that his photograph was her entry card to cinema.The director had asked her to play the role essayed by Binata Ray in Udayer Pathey. But she never got to act in any film directed by Roy. B N Sircar believed in an unwritten sort of quota system, so that no hero or heroine would be acting in a number of films at any given point in time. In the event, she started her career with Phani Majumdar's Doctor. Bharati Devi was a spirited, tomboyish 17-year-old when she debuted in the romantic lead.\"One day, when the shot was ready, she was nowhere to be found. Eventually she was spotted on a mango tree, making a meal out of the bounty within the New Theatres premises!\" recalled Romita Bose Sircar. \"My grandfather B N Sircar told her, 'Come and give the shot and you'll get a treat.' She got the treat in the evening - a basketful of mangoes.\"Starting out young, Bharati Devi kept learning through her life. Since singing was a pre-requisite for actors of her times, she had trained in Hindustani music, under no less a master than Amir Khan . Although this talent was not put to much use, she was cast against Talat Mehmood in Tagore's Samapti.While doing Sagar Sangamey, it was imperative that one and all in the cast know swimming, so she mastered the skill along with the child Manju, taking lessons every morning at Calcutta Club although she was then approaching 40. That's not all.She was also adept at crafting clay idols - a Kali by her is still worshipped at her residence by the family she's left behind. And she used to write although she did not author any autobiography.Nitin Bose's Kashinath is among the major roles played by Bharati Devi, although the post-Ray world will identify her more easily as Nayak Uttam Kumar's co-passenger travelling with a sick child. Remarkably, she is just as vividly remembered in Nirjan Saikatey, although she was one among the five actresses who were jointly recognised by the Jury at the International Film Festival of 1963. Chhaya Devi, Renuka Roy, Ruma Guha Thakurata and Sharmila Tagore were the others who charmed the world in a lyrical story focusing on widows' need to love.The only one of the five we have with us, Sharmila Tagore proved to be the sole personality to lament the passing of \"natural artiste\" with a \"long innings.\" Any wonder?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11519682", "title": "Huge crowds at Paruveta Utsavam", "text": "TIRUMALA: Paruveta Utsavam, the annual hunting festival of Lord Malayappa Swamy and Lord Srikrishna Swamy, was celebrated on Monday with thousands of devotees congregating to witness the spectacle.The TTD cancelled Arjitha sevas including the Kalyanotsavam, Arjitha Brahmotsavam, Vasanthotsavam, Unjal Seva and Sahasra Deepalankara Seva following the Paruveta Utsavam. Both deities were borne on palanquins from the main shrine to Paruveta Mandapam in Tirumala for a pleasure hunt.After special pujas the deities were taken in a procession for a pleasure hunt in the thick forests of Seshachalam ranges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sitapur", "code": "11519559", "title": "UP polls: SP too woos weavers", "text": "SITAPUR: After free education and medical facilities, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's new promise at a rally here was free electricity to weavers and waiver of farmers' loans upto Rs 50,000. He said his party would also probe alleged misuse of funds by the BSP government if his party came to power.Party general secretary Azam Khan spoke after Mulayam. he lashed out at Congress for its alleged attempts to trigger a communal divide in UP. Khan singled out senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh in reference to the Ramdev incident. Khan said the Congress leader's repeated citing of a Hindu-Muslim angle to the matter was part of strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11519427", "title": "CM shuffles police officials again", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After a major shake-up of top cops in the state, the government on Monday has reshuffled officers in the SP and DIG level. As part of the latest move, DIG T Vikram has been made the new managing director of Marketfed in place of Tomin J Tachankary, who was recently suspended from the service.Even though Tachankary was posted as DIG (intelligence) in the previous shuffle, he had not assumed charge.Harshita Attaluri, who was posted as the assistant director at Kerala Police Academy, Thrissur, in the previous shuffle, has been appointed as SP, (vigilance and anti-corruption bureau), Ernakulam. Ch Nagaraju has been appointed as SP (immigration) at Cochin international airport.Debesh Kumar Behra (KAP-1) will be the new commandant of Armed Police Battalion, Thrissur. T K Shibu has been appointed as ASP, Attingal.C M Pradeep Kumar has been appointed as SP at the State Human Rights Commission. Presently, he is the SP (crime branch), Kozhikode. P Raghunath has been posted as SP (VACB), Thiruvananthapuram, while K C George Kutty will be the SP (crime branch). M Shyama Prasad will be the SP (PSC vigilance). P S Gopi will be the assistant director of the Kerala Police Academy, Thrissur.In addition, nine DySPs have also been given new postings.Harshita Attaluri, who was posted as the assistant director at Kerala Police Academy, Thrissur, in the previous shuffle, has been appointed as SP, (vigilance and anti-corruption bureau), Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11517428", "title": "Bru militant gunned down in Karimganj", "text": "SILCHAR: A suspected Bru militant was killed in an encounter with the Army at Piplapunjee near Bazaricherra in Karimganj district on Monday morning. A huge cache of arms and ammunition were found on him.A Masimpur-based army officer told TOI that personnel of 33 Field Regiment of 57 Mountain Artillery Brigade started an operation in the area early on Monday after acting on a tip-off about the presence of a suspected group of United Liberation Army of Bruland (ULAB) militants in the area.During a fierce encounter between troops of 33 Field Regiment and terrorists of ULAB near Piplapunjee, about 70 km from the border town of Karimganj, one militant was killed. Army personnel found one AK-47 rifle, a 9 mm Mauser-Weker pistol and ammunition in his possession. The body of the terrorist, along with the arms and ammunition, have been handed over to the police authorities of Bazarichera, said the officer.There were some other militants in the group. However, they managed to escape in the jungles, a source said. Bazarichera police station OC Dipankar Bora said the body of the militant was brought to Karimganj Civil Hospital later in the day and an autopsy was done.The Army officer said operations were on in areas near the Assam-Tripura border for the past one year as the militant outfit is active in those places.\"The Army, in its endeavour to restore normalcy in Karimganj and Hailakandi districts, carried out the operation against ULAB. The operation displays the sheer courage of troops and their daredevilry to undertake operations in the dense jungles of the border district. This special operation deserves special commendation as this has dealt another severe blow to the outfit and other anti-national elements,\" said an officer of 33 Field Regiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11520889", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Accused surrenders before police", "text": "JODHPUR: Bishna Ram gang member, Ashok Bishnoi, who was wanted in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, surrendered before police in Jaloda village of the district today.Bishnoi, who was allegedly involved in the disposal of Bhanwari Devi's body, was wanted by the CBI, police said.He surrendered early in the morning and is now being taken to Jodhpur to hand him over to the CBI.Three more accused-- Pukhraj, Dinesh and Indra-- are still absconding.Bhanwari Devi had gone missing from Jodhpur's Bilara area on September 1 last year.The remains of Bhanwari Devi were allegedly dumped by the accused in a canal in Jaloda village.The CBI had claimed it has corroborative evidence to establish that the 36-year-old nurse was murdered and burnt allegedly at the behest of a political leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521764", "title": "A rocking night with DJs Vishal and Hussain at Tantra", "text": "On a recent Saturday night, DJs Vishal and Hussain upped the tempo at Tantra, The Park, with a super dose of house music.The weather was pretty chilly outside but the PYTs in the club made sure that the mercury stayed right up there as they unleashed some killer moves on the dance floor. Towards midnight, when the DJs changed gears and started playing popular Bollywood numbers, there was a loud cheer from the people on the jampacked dance floor. While the remixed version of Bappida's \"Ooh la la\" made revellers go berserk, \"Subah hone na de\" from \"Desi Boyz\" made them dance like there's no tomorrow. It was one good night, for sure!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517401", "title": "Give justice or let us die: Widow to President", "text": "MUMBAI: A 77-year-old widow and her 56-year-old son, both residents of Vashi, sat on a day-long dharna at Azad Maidan on Monday to press for their long-standing demand of FIR against some of their relatives.The senior citizen, Mohini Kamwani, has also written to the President, the Chief Justice of India and other high ranking government officials, seeking permission to end her life and that of her two children -the son and a 53-year-old mentally-challenged daughter -if the police do not register an FIR against her relatives.\"We have been asking the local Vashi police and other senior officers to register a case of criminal intimidation and trespassing against some of my relatives for the last seven months. If that can't be done, then my children and I should be allowed to end our lives,\" said the widow during her protest at Azad Maidan.Mohini's son Dilip said, \"We have long severed our ties with my nephews and their families. Yet in 2010, one of them tried to barge into our Vashi home and demanded to know our bank account number. He also tried to get my mother's signature. We had informed the local police about the incident but an FIR was not registered. Hence, we have decided to protest in this manner.\"Last year, the Kamwanis approached the Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC).Senior inspector (Vashi) Laxman Kale told TOI, \"Based on the opinion of our legal expert, we had registered an NC (non-cognisable complaint) in the case. The problem is between them and their relatives. In fact, the MSHRC recently ruled that this is a civil matter.\"Kale said the Kamwanis are free to move court in order to resolve the issue with their relatives.The NC was recorded under sections 506 and 507 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code.\"The MSHRC's final order said our case was a civil matter as my mother was seeking maintenance from our relatives. This is why an FIR was not registered. We are not happy with this development,\" said Dilip.\"We had earlier issued a public notice in a local newspaper saying that we are severing all ties with some of our relatives. It is a case of criminal trespass as one of the relatives had tried to barge into our flat,\" Dilip said, adding, \"We will wait and see how the state home ministry helps us. Otherwise, we will have no option but to approach a court, provided we have any energy left in us to continue with our demand for an FIR.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517349", "title": "Thousands watch as bulbuls fight it out in Kamrup dist", "text": "GUWAHATI: Thousand of people from across Assam converged on the town of Hajo in lower Assam's Kamrup district on Sunday to witness the famous Bulbul fight that takes place during Bhogali Bihu celebrations every year. The ritual, believed to be started by the invading Mughals, dates back to the seventeenth century.This Bihu, over 300 bulbuls fought to clinch the winners' crown at the Haigrib Madhab temple premises in Hajo. People goaded on the marijuana-fed birds with drum beats and cymbals. The red-vented Bulbuls are kept hungry on the night before the fight and the winner is rewarded with a banana. As per the traditions, the fights were held between the Sonaritola and Bharalitola teams which included the seven tolas (wards) of Hajo. A bird belonging to Bharalitola's Bhaiti Das clinched the crown this year.People of Hajo have been preparing for the event for more than a month. They trap wild bulbuls in bamboo cages in the neighbouring forests and then trained the birds for the prestigious contest, after which they are again released into the wild. During training, the red-vented bulbuls are fed with around 108 items, many of them laced with marijuana.Prabin Chandra Das, expert in Assamese folklore, said the tradition of bulbul fight promotes unity among the people of Hajo. He says that the game was introduced by the Mughals, who built their their headquarters at Hajo on the northern bank of Brahmaputra before the battle of Saraight in 1671 AD.\"People believe that the tradition started after Ahom king Pramatta Singha saw two Bulbuls fighting in the Haigrib Madhab temple premises. However, I believe it was Rudra Singh . It is beyond doubt that the ritual was introduced by the Mughals and patronised by the Ahoms. It was a Nawab's game in the earlier days, and was also popular in parts of Bengal\", Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519585", "title": "Revised minimum price augurs well for onion exports", "text": "PUNE: After the slashing of minimum export price (MEP) of onion from $250 to $150 per tonne, the state government has now issued no objection certificate for the export of 3,000 tonne onions.With the revised MEP, Indian onion is now more competitively priced in the international market. This is likely to result in higher returns, said Sandesh Bajare, authorised officer for onion export at the Maharashtra State Agricultural Marketing Board (MSAMB).This year, the country is expected to produce 150 lakh tonnes of onion, of which some 50 lakh tonne will be locally consumed. The country exports 15-20 lakh tonne onions and this year the export would increase due to availability. There was pressure mounting on the government to reduce the MEP, which would encourage export.He said, \"The revised MEP was declared on Wednesday evening and within three days no objection certificates for the export of 3,000 tonne onions were cleared by the Board. Out of the total export of onion in the country, 90% export takes place from JNPT port near Mumbai.\"The MEP was increased last year to curb the export and check the escalating domestic prices. Higher returns prompted farmers to opt for onion crop, and this year there is more yield than requirement, Bajare said.In 2010, India exported 11,36,134 tonne onions to east Asian and Asian countries. The following year, domestic prices continued to surge and government put frequent bans on onion export. It resulted into total export remaining around 10,16,981 tonne. This year, the export of onion is expected to be much higher, otherwise the excess onion supply in the market will bring down the prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11518314", "title": "Lack of info on Manuel adds to family's sorrow", "text": "MARGAO: On Wednesday, Manuel Pereira would have turned 33. Instead, the joint family living on the Marlem hill behind the St Joaquim chapel in Borda are mourning their son, nephew and cousin's demise.The lack of information on Manuel's death, save for Mumbai police stating that he committed suicide-his body was found hanging from a nylon rope near Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport at Sahar two hours after he landed from Dubai on Sunday morning-has left the stunned family also seething.When TOI visited the residence, an angry relative yelled, \"His company (Manuel was part of the housekeeping staff at a five-star hotel in Dubai) should have known or should have suspected that he was troubled. Without evaluating his medical and physical condition they should not have allowed him to take a flight back to Goa.\"The relative added, \"If we even had a hint that he may not have been keeping well, we would have picked him up at the Mumbai airport.\"Instead, from 2am to 6am on Sunday, Manuel's brother-in-law, having spoken with Manuel's friends in Dubai-Manuel had visited Goa in August 2011 and \"was not expected back so soon\"-waited at Dabolim airport in vain.It was only when the Margao police personally visited the Pereira residence with the tragic news that the family got to know that Manuel was no more.A distraught cousin Seby says the family last spoke to Manuel during the Christmas season. \"As far as we knew, he was hale and hearty and was happy at his work,\" he said.Rosario Pereira, Manuel's uncle (father's brother) said, \"Manuel's brother and cousin have gone to Mumbai to investigate and meet the authorities concerned.\"Asked if the family suspects foul play, Seby said, \"We can't say anything till we have all the information.\"Most of the family agreed, saying it was imperative that only after formalities have been completed, including the postmortem and police report, would they be able to comment on what exactly had happened to Manuel.\"Since he had come in August, and people working in Dubai don't get leave to return so soon, it is obvious that Manuel was coming down due to some emergency,\" said Seby. When told that the police found out that his passport had been cancelled in Dubai, the family said they had no information on the matter.A Holy Spirit school pass out, Manuel was previously employed as a mechanic at a workshop in Borda. He had been working in Dubai for about four years.\"He was a gem of a person who had gone to Dubai to earn a decent living and to make his parents proud. As a person he kept to himself, was always cheerful, an avid football fan and never in our lives we would have imagined him taking his life,\" said Rosario.The family has temporary plans to hold the funeral services on June 18, which would have marked Manuel's birthday. \"All that will depend on when his body arrives in Goa,\" said Rosario. The second eldest in the family, Manuel is survived by father Martino, mother Felicidade, two sisters and a younger brother. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517701", "title": "City fireman dies after blaze at Chepauk Palace", "text": "CHENNAI: A 55-year-old fireman K Anbalagan, attached to the Teynampet fire station, died fighting the blaze that ravaged a government building on the Chepauk Palace campus. Police suspect an electrical short circuit could have triggered the fire.Divisional fire officer Priya Ravichandran and station fire officer (Ashok Nagar) Murugan suffered 50% and 17% burns and have been admitted to a corporate hospital in Nungambakkam. Doctors said their condition was stable.Chepauk Palace is considered one of the earliest examples of Indo-Saracenic architecture. Its construction was completed around 1768.The building housed the social welfare department on the first floor and the commissioner and director of industries and commerce on the ground floor. Its wooden flooring and roof helped the fire to spread quickly.Around 2.15am on Monday, a team led by DFO Priya Ravichandran entered the building to put out the fire that had been raging for almost two hours. Direman P Vijay, who escaped the accident, said, \"We were pumping water on to the ceiling and the documents that were on fire. Anbalagan had moved a few feet away when the ceiling started crumbling on us. We ran out for our lives. But DFO Ravichandran and Murugan were caught inside. We went inside and rescued them. They were rushed to hospital.\"But Anbalagan alone was missing. \"After a long search, we saw a hand protruding out of the debris. We pulled Anbalagan out and rushed him to hospital, where doctors declared him brought-dead,\" a fire officer said.It was security guard V Kapoor Bak, 50, who first spotted the fire at 12.30am on the first floor. He immediately rang up the fire and rescue department and the police. Fire engines from Teynampet, led by Anbalagan, were rushed to the place. Subsequently, Ravichandran and Murugan reached the place.More than 15 fire-fighting units and over 30 metrowater tankers, besides two skylifts, were pressed into service. More than 100 personnel took six hours to bring the fire under control. Social welfare department secretary Jothi Nirmala, commissioner and director of industries and commerce department Harmander Singh, social welfare department minister S Valarmathi, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy and director of fire and rescue services Bholanath visited the spot.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa has announced a solatium of Rs 2 lakh to the family of Anbalagan. She also announced Rs 25,000 each to the injured DFO and SFO, and Rs 10,000 to Prabhakaran, who sustained simple injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518526", "title": "CEPT to develop guidelines for Indian cities to adapt to climate change", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Imagine sudden floods at Sabarmati River arising out of climate change and a loss of Rs1,200 crore for Gujarat's Sabarmati Riverfront project!A prior understanding of the effects of climate change and including features to adapt to these effects of climate change in the project could avoid such loses.As experts are forecasting drastic changes in the climatic patterns - like temperatures, rainfall and so on in the next few decades because of global warming , which is a threat to both population and infrastructures in various cities. Urban planners in the country, however, could look forward to Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University for a set of ideas and advices on how to adapt features that will help avoid such losses.The Ministry of Earth Science (MOES) has appointed Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University to develop a set of recommendations for urban planning to avoid social and economical losses arising out of climate change. Faculties of CEPT University will be conducting 2-year-long studies in three thematic areas - which include impact of climate change on communities, rainfall and flooding patterns in Ahmedabad and Surat and impact of climate change on coastal areas, before they come up with the recommendations.Talking about the importance of such a set of recommendations, faculty at CEPT Saswat Badopadhyay said, \"Infrastructures like drainage systems, roads and transportations, buildings and so on which we are developing now will last several decades. If they do not incorporate features to adapt to climate change there are going to be huge losses.\"The studies will result into a set of recommendations that will be called 'sustainable habitat guideline'. \"The guidelines will be handed over to Ministry of Urban Development (MOUD) and MOES. These guidelines will be developed in such a way that it can become a basic reference for various cities across the country for adapting to climate change,\" said Saswat Badopadhyay, faculty at CEPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518392", "title": "HC reserves order on board exam language issue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court reserved its order on the PIL challenging the state government's decision to make it compulsory for students of studying in languages like Urdu, Marathi, Tamil etc. to take their Board exams in three languages - Gujarati, Hindi and English.The proceedings ended on Monday amid Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board's claim that it did not want question papers to be printed in other vernacular languages, for there are issues about the \"reliability\" of paper setters and translators in these languages. The board has in clear terms stated that it does not trust teachers imparting education in other local languages. This could jeopardize the confidentiality of papers and the interest of meritorious students, the board stated.The board has also made it clear that much before the PIL was filed by advocate Shamshad Pathan, the decision was taken to permit students to take exam in the languages which are the media for their education. However, the board limited usage of Gujarati, English and Hindi for question papers only.Justifying its decision, the Board stated in an affidavit, \"In spite of this difficulty, the board is arranging for the assessment of answer-sheets in different languages by appointing examiners/moderators, but so far as the paper setters/translators are concerned, it would be difficult to find a teacher, on whom the board can rely on the aspect of confidentiality; and if such translators/teachers can leak the paper the future of the lakhs of students will be at stake.\"Pathan in his PIL sought HC directions to quash the education department's decision and demanded that students studying in Urdu, Marathi, Tamil, Sindhi and other vernacular languages must be given question papers in their respective languages. They should be allowed to write answers in the languages they study, and Gujarati, Hindi and English cannot be made compulsory for the same. This is because they cannot read and write in a language not known to them.After hearing the arguments, the bench headed by acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya kept its decision reserved on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518637", "title": "Xavier's campus in Bangladesh?", "text": "KOLKATA: If all goes well, Bangladesh will soon get a St Xavier's College campus.The college administration will make an official plea to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina when it meets the alumni in the neighbouring country on January 24 to start a new alumni chapter. \"If the Bangladesh government gives us land and support, we are ready to set up a college there,\" said Felix Raj, principal of the autonomous college, on Monday.The fifth convocation of the college will be held on January 20 and chief minister Mamata Banerjee has agreed to be the chief guest, Raj said. Ahead of the convocation, he announced a slew of curricula changes that will be introduced from the coming academic session to bring the college on a par with international academic norms.The old system of honours and pass courses is being done away with. Instead, every student who pursues a major course will be given a bouquet of elective subjects to choose from. Thus, a student of mathematics will be able to study literature as an elective paper, as is the norm in universities abroad.\"We will change over completely to credits and credit transfers. Every student will have to earn 130 credit points over three academic years. However, we are bringing in flexibility as well. Thus, a student will have the option of taking a break in between. A student can prolong this for a maximum of 10 years. Again, those who wish to complete a part of their course on a campus abroad can earn credits in such institutions. These will be considered valid here,\" Raj explained.The traditional undergraduate syllabus is extremely heavy. A lot of workload rationalization is being brought in, assured Raj. This year, 1,678 students will be awarded postgraduation, graduation and BEd degrees. The college's top award, the Nihil Ultra award, will be handed to industrialist Sanjiv Goenka, an alumnus. A new gold medal has been instituted in memory of Ishani Dutta, a faculty member of the BEd department, who died in the AMRI Hospitals fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517743", "title": "Anbalagan was a busy man with his daughter\u2019s marriage on cards", "text": "CHENNAI: K Anbalagan had returned from his native place near Chidambaram on Sunday morning after inviting relatives for his daughter's wedding. A little later, the 55-year-old left to join work after a four-day holiday.On Monday morning he was back home in Kumaran Nagar in Saidapet, but in an ambulance. A Sharmila (24) and her younger sister A Sheila (21) were traumatised at the sight of their father, leading fireman Anbalagan's charred face. \"He went on leave for four days to invite our relatives for marriage. He should not have come back to work. Now he is no more,\" said Sharmila amid her tears. Anbalagan had fixed Sharmila's betrothal on January 29 and marriage on March 25.\"My father returned from Chidambaram on Sunday morning and he left the house at 11.45am for work. My mother never insisted my father to stay back from work. But on Sunday she pleaded with him to stay back home. I don't know what made her to do that,\" Sharmila said. \"On Sunday afternoon, I had gone out to buy engagement saree and jewellery. He kept ringing me up and we talked about the design of jewels and the colour of the saree. He was excited to see the selection,\" she said.Sharmila said her father never spoke to them when he was at work. \"But, at 10.30pm, he called me and asked for mom. He spoke to her for a couple of minutes. Then, hours later we get a call saying he is dead.\" Anbalagan, who had three more years for retirement, was transferred to Chennai two years ago. He was expecting to be promoted as station fire officer as he had completed 25 years of service in the fire and rescue department.Anbalagam is survived by his wife Amutha, a son, Sankar, and three daughters -- Sharmila, Sheila and Shalini. Sankar is a second-year aeronautical engineering student at Tagore Engineering College, Sharmila is a private laboratory staffer, Sheila works in a private company in the city and Shalini is a lecturer at Gojan Engineering College near Avadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "11519323", "title": "Iran warning ups fuel prices in US", "text": "HOUSTON: Gas prices in Texas and elsewhere in the US have jumped an average 7 cents in recent days after Iran threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz through which 16 million barrels of oil - about a fifth of world's daily oil trade - passes every day.Motor club and leisure travel organization serving North America , AAA, says analysts believe gasoline prices have gone up due to strained relations between the US and Iran.Iran has threatened that it would close the Strait of Hormuz , which is just 45 kms wide at its narrowest point and works as a crucial waterway connecting the Persian Gulf to the Gulf of Oman , in the event of a military strike or severe tightening of international sanctions on its oil exports.The talk of a possible closure is driving up prices, says Kent Moors, Editor of Oil Energy Investor and Author of the new book 'The Vega Factor'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11518369", "title": "Aiming to root out corruption", "text": "KANPUR: Armed with MTech, CA, medical and law degrees, this small but impressive group of super geniuses aims at rooting out corruption from the society through the power of the ballot. Though most of them have lucrative job offers, they turned them down to free the state from corrupt politicians, criminal elements and poor governance.Using the title 'Bharat' with their names \"as it gives them a patriotic high\", they do not reveal their caste. One of them is Omendra Bharat, who has BTech (electronics) and MTech (material sciences) from IIT-Kanpur. He is chief national general secretary of Janraajya Party, a \"party of intellectuals, launched by intellectuals\". Omendra is contesting from Kidwai Nagar Assembly constituency.Omendra says, \"Our action should not be seen as a token of protest. It is rather a beginning for a real change in the society. In the last Assembly and Lok Sabha elections, we had contested as Bharat Punarnirman Dal, an outfit initially started by IITians in December 2006. But due to some reasons, we floated a new outfit by the name of Janraajya Party and would contest the Assembly elections from atleast 40-50 constituencies in the state.\"\"We believe that criminals and corrupt politicians have hijacked the agenda in the state as we, the young and educated people, do not come forward to share responsibility of providing good leadership. Our indifference towards politics, thinking that it is a dirty domain, has resulted in the present dismal state of affairs. We exhort young and educated people to come forward in large numbers and make the change possible in the state,\" he added.Inspired by ideologies of Swami Vivekanand, martyr Bhagat Singh , Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and Anna, the JANPA outfit (as the party is commonly known) had launched a nationwide tirade against corruption. It has future plans in terms of improving the education system, uplifting the economic and social condition of the masses.\"Formation of Janraajya Party is the result of the frustration generated by a current political system. All existing political parties tend to derive political mileage by creating a rift among the people on the basis of caste, creed and religion. Some so-called secular parties are hell-bent on dividing the people by giving unnecessary favour to a particular community. They don't seem to be interested at all in dealing with the overall concerns of the people related to corruption, health, education, sanitation etc. Such parties are concerned about appeasement of a particular community. We oppose this kind of politics based on pseudo-secularism,\" says Puneet Nath, a cancer physician, and who has obtained fellowship from US and contesting from Kalyanpur Assembly constituency.Sanjeev Bharat, who has BTech from IIT-Roorkee and MS from United States , besides PhD from Delhi University , is in the fray from Ghaziabad Assembly seat. He says, \"Several Prime Ministers have been from Uttar Pradesh but still it lacks in basic amenities and facilities for masses. There is no administrative rationale, no economic justification, and no compelling political logic. UP is still at the bottom of the country on per capita income parameters. We have decided not to look towards others and take matters in our own hands to tackle issues that are creating hindrance to the development of our state.\"The JANPA members have done the groundwork for elections. \"We are getting good response and visiting voters through door-to-door campaigns and asking people to come to polling booths and vote. As nomination process has already begun for the first phase of elections, we at present are busy sorting out applications of prospective candidates and getting inquiries from a large number of people. We will have to depend on our own pocket for campaigning and publicity expenses. Till now, we have only announced eight candidates, including three from the Kanpur and two from Ramabai Nagar, besides two in Ghaziabad and one in Varanasi,\" says Ravi Shanker Bharat, a chartered accountant and party's spokesperson.Janraajya Party has nearly 5,000 registered members in Kanpur, besides there might be more than 10,000 members across the nation and a majority of them are former students of IITs, medical colleges, accounts and law professionals. 'We would be wooing the voters with slogans like 'Kadam kadam badhaye ja... khushi ke geet gaayey ja', 'Ye zindagi hai kaum ki... tu kaum pe lutaye ja,\" adds Ravi Shanker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519069", "title": "Mullaperiyar: KCYM calls for agitation across state", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Catholic Youth Movement (KCYM) has announced support for the hartal called by Mullaperiyar Agitation Council on January 18.On hartal day KCYM will conduct protest march, prayer meetings, dharna and awareness programmes in all dioceses and units across the state.Sony Pavelil, KCYM state president, said that on Thursday the state committee would visit Mullaperiyar and participate in the relay fasting.Sony added that if the authorities were reluctant to take necessary decisions to build a new dam and make a new agreement, they will intensify their protest. \"KCYM state committee will plan more protest programmes in this regard during the state secretariat and syndicate meetings which will be convened on January 21 and 22,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518198", "title": "Assembly Polls 2012: The Great Election Code Boom", "text": "There is no reason to doubt the commitment of the Election Commission of India (ECI) for a free, fearless and fair poll. The initiatives and activism including the steps taken in areas \"unoccupied\" by enacted law are noteworthy, paving the way for a just and non-discriminatory compass to all political parties and contesting candidates. However, of late, the ECI is pulling and pushing the model code of conduct for elections to absurd heights and to some depths which cannot stand the tests of law. Some of the commandments of the ECI, though meekly digested by the government, political parties and the candidates to maintain the independence and honour of this constitutional authority, need to be condemned in strong words and challenged before the Supreme Court for rational determination. A better alternative is for the ECI to eschew the flights beyond what is permissible by law and certainly call a full stop to diktats which border on stupidity and idiocracy.The ECI has drawn flak for its decree on coverage of the huge statues of Mayawati , the living Dalit icon and the elephants, which is supposedly BSP's election symbol. Actually, it is foolhardy to presume that if these monuments are kept open, it does not provide a level playing field to other political parties and contestants. It is also rash and imprudent to conclude that if they continue to remain in the present state it would influence the voters. Nobody can justify the mockery of glorifying the Dalit pride through such erection of statues by Mayawati. At the same time, the track chosen by the ECI is utterly juvenile and amounts to the prodigal use of the public exchequer. The battle of the concrete jungle or garden of statues should be fought on the election field and the ECI can ill afford to be the umpire in this game. This reminds me of the Great Depression of the 1930's, which is documented as the worst Wall Street collapse wherein a forceful case was made out for a strong dose of government spending to revive the economy. Let the government spend on anything. It does not matter as long as it pumps purchasing power in the hands of the people. Let the government ask people to dig trenches and refill them later. As long as it generates mass employment and results in transfers of money in the hands of the people, the economy will be on the road to recovery from the throes of recession. The ECI seems to draw a similar angle to ensure a fair playing field to all during the elections, unmindful of the waste and disutility of the exercise.The stay on the implementation of the directive of the central government providing a quota for the minorities listed as 'other backward classes' in public employment and educational institutions established by the central government though apparently looks to be in order, despite the fact that the government issued the order before the application of the model conduct of conduct for elections, should have been avoided. Here also, the proper forum for the aggrieved political party was to knock on the doors of the judiciary and the ECI should have also ruled accordingly. The stay on implementation only in the poll-bound five states is no relief. It would be an ECI-invited discrimination to the eligible aspirants of these five states and I do not think that the ECI has a right and privilege to perpetuate this inequality in opportunity even for the short period of the elections. I would not be wrong to accuse the ECI of a thoughtless spree to establish its supremacy.The central government will cause no misdemeanor if the decree of the ECI is not followed but would refrain only to maintain the honour, dignity and respect of the constitutional authority.Another aspect coming to the surface during the operation of the model code of conduct for elections is the work efficacy of the bureaucrats. ECI is akin to a magician which makes them work. We see successful raids by the excise department nabbing illicit trade, manufacture and under invoicing of liquor which is unheard of during the five years of governance. A clean-up of public properties from encroachment by hoardings is the rule during this period, though the Defacement of Public Property Act could be operated at all times. Supervision and monitoring by officials of the income tax department and enforcement directorate during the election season seems to be productive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519286", "title": "Babu\u2019s graft slur on Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former state industries director V K Janjua moved a petition before a local court on Monday alleging Sukhbir Badal had implicated him in a corruption case because he refused to pay the deputy CM a Rs 1 crore bribe. Shiromani Akali Dal dismissed the charge as \"frivolous\".Calling Janjua a \"corruption-tainted officer\", the party called it the result of a \"deal between two desperados - a tainted officer facing certain conviction and the PPCC president facing certain defeat\". Janjua, an IAS officer , was arrested by a vigilance team from Ludhiana on November 9, 2009 on a complaint from T R Mishra, a Ludhiana industrialist. Mishra claimed that the officer had demanded a Rs 2-lakh bribe to clear a file. Janjua was then director industries, Punjab. He was suspended and later reinstated. At present, he's secretary in the freedom fighters department.Janjua deposed before CJM, Chandigarh, J S Sidhu, that Sukhbir had framed him with help of his \"chief lieutenant\" and director, vigilance bureau, Sumedh Singh Saini. Janjua gave the court cell phone details of Mishra and vigilance officers to prove he was \"framed\".The CJM sought clarifications and evidence from Janjua to support his allegations by January 21. Janjua pleaded that the probe into his allegations be handed over to the Chandigarh UT Police with the court monitoring it. Inspector-general (IG), vigilance, Kuldeep Singh, said Janjua's charges were baseless because he was arrested in front of independent witnesses and after following due procedure. \"He was produced before the magistrate but he never made such allegations earlier. It is an afterthought.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11518115", "title": "Buraditola village in Amgaon declared addiction-free", "text": "GONDIA: Village Buraditola, in Amgaon tehsil, was declared 100% addict free by chairman of Tanta Mukti Samiti (TMS) Gulabchand Rinait. Congratulating the villagers for achieving the target, district superintendent of police Chandrakishor Meena said the herculean task could be achieved only because of active participation of village leaders and women folk.He urged them to ensure that the village continues to remain addiction-free.A special function was organized on Sunday to felicitate those who were responsible to achieve the target. Meena presided over the function while deputy superintendent of police Vasant Gayakwad was the chief guest.Appreciating the villagers Gayakwad said that the liquor was responsible for most of the disputes and accidents.With Buraditola becoming addiction-free, peace and tranquility are sure to follow. He called upon leaders of other villages to seek inspiration from Buraditola villagers and initiate steps towards achieving similar target.Buraditola sarpanch Suraj Rinait, police patil Hiralal Rinait and Rinait were felicitated on the occasion. Sarpanchs and leaders from adjoining villages attended the function. Amgaon police inspector Prasad Pandhre and PI Sapre graced the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11517356", "title": "People throng Ranghar, the seat of Ahom dynasty", "text": "JORHAT: A traditional buffalo fight was held on the historic Ranghar bakori premises in Sivasagar on Monday. The day-long pragramme was organized by All Tai Ahom Yuba Parishad. A cultural function was also held on the occasion.Inaugurating the competition, speaker Pranab Gogoi said, \"This will help to unite our nation irrespective of caste, community and religion. I feel very proud to get the opportunity to inaugurate such an event at a historic place like Ranghar bakori. The buffalo fight is a very rich tradition of our culture and we should keep it alive,\" he added.Bihar governor Debananda Konwar, who attended the programme as the chief guest, said, \"Today, after witnessing the event, I thought about the remarkable chapters of the Ahom dynasty in Assam. The Ahom rulers organized this festival to keep our national heritage alive and to create brotherhood among us. So, we sould follow all these only for the prosperity of our culture and tradition.\"Parishad president Hemanta Changmai said, \"We have organized this traditional buffallo fight at the historic Ranghar bakori for the second time in a row. We selected this venue as the Ranghar was originally used by the Ahom kings to enjoy this kind of games, dances and other merryment. So, we think our efforts will get another mileage to keep our culture and tradition alive in the days to come.\" He added they have already decided to continue with their efforts in future.On the other hand, the Assamese people on Monday organized \"din bhaona\" (day drama) at Nausolia gaon and Teok in Jorhat district on the occasion of Magh Bihu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522149", "title": "Roger Moore enjoyed sex scenes", "text": "Sir Roger Moore loved doing bedroom scenes when he played James Bond .The 84-year-old actor - who appeared as the British spy in seven films in the franchise between 1973 and 1985 - wishes he had been able to get up close and personal with more actresses in the iconic movie series.He said: \"I always rather liked the bedroom scenes. I felt we didn't have enough of those really.\"I very much enjoyed being the debonair hero, but I did find it hard to believe Bond could be a spy and yet be so well known by barmen all over the world.\"However, he admits he was glad to put Bond behind him after he finished playing the character, but finds he rarely gets asked to audition for parts now.He added in an interview with Britain's Hello! magazine: \"Old actors, we don't retire, the phone just stops ringing.\"After Bond, I got a bit choosy about what I did as I wanted a change. I was fed up with being blown up and thrown around. So now I don't do that many things with a high income.\"After a while I thought I was just working to keep all my houses around the world.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519091", "title": "Snake park at Bannerghatta Biological Park", "text": "BANGALORE: Reptile lovers make sure you read this. For the first time ever, the city will house a reptile park in Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP).The authorities are preparing a master plan to include a reptile park, primate park, bird park and a botanical garden. This was announced when minister for forest C P Yogeshwar visited the park on Monday.The biological park that spreads across 730 hectares houses bears, deer, lions, butterflies and several other wild animals.\"Adjacent to our park is 11,000 hectares of Bannerghatta National Park. Such lush green cover close to Bangalore city provides the biological park with an opportunity to become a global facility. The master plan for the new projects will be sent to Central Zoo Authority in a month's time,\" said M N Jayakumar, additional principal chief conservator of forests and member secretary of Zoo Authority of Karnataka. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 55-60 crore.With rising man-animal conflicts in the hinterland of the state, there is also a proposal to open a leopard rescue centre, said Jayakumar.Widen the roadVijay Nagar MLA M Krishnappa, who was present during the minister's visit, said the road to Bannerghatta Biological Park should be widened. He suggested a four-lane road as the number of visitors to the park is more than 5,000 every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11518946", "title": "Snow snaps road links, power &amp; phone lines in Himachal", "text": "MANALI: Fresh snow has blocked highways and snapped power in many areas of Kullu, Mandi and Lahaul &amp; Spiti districts. Commuters and tourists are being forced to wade through blankets of snow, though snowplows have been in operation for long. There seems to be no end to the snow blizzard that has continued to grip the region, disrupting normal life. Thick snow has snapped most electricity lines and telephone cables.Things remained rosy for hoteliers, who went on with their brisk businesses as about 200 tourists, who were on their way from Delhi to Manali on Sunday night, arrived for shelter after they were unable to fight the snow blizzard. Many of them parked their vehicles by the roadsides and hired local cabs to reach their accommodations. Snowfall has led to more than a dozen minor accidents though no casualties have been reported.Flights from Bhunter airport remained cancelled, forcing travellers to spend extra while opting for four-wheel drive vehicles. For the 40km journey from Manali to Kullu, cabs charge Rs 100 a person, but now they accept Rs 500 to Rs 2,000 per person.A visitor from Chandigarh, Manpreet Singh, had a narrow escape when the car in which he and his seven friends were travelling, fell into a gorge after skidding on a layer of snow on the road. \"I firmly applied brakes to halt my vehicle from hitting the car in the front, but it skidded and rolled down the gorge below. We are lucky to be safe.\"Breaking a 19-year record, every area of Kullu district, from Manali to Bajaura, received snowfall. Kullu and Bhunter towns received four and two inches of snow, while Manali was buried under 1.5 feet snow. Over 3 feet of snow accumulated at Solang ski-slopes in 36 hours.Rohtang Pass has received more than 15 feet of snow this season. Darcha, Keylong, and Kokhsar in Lahaul-Spiti district received two, one-and-a-half feet, and nine inches of snow respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11517107", "title": "Helpline, single window system for smooth polls", "text": "NOIDA: For the first time ever, the Gautam Budh Nagar election office has set up a 24-hour call centre on the Election Commission's directives to give poll-related assistance to the voters of Noida, Jewar and Dadri. In addition, control rooms, voter registration centres and a single window system for candidates wanting to obtain permissions for election-related activities, has also been put in place.Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate, said, \"Voters can call 0120-2932023 round the clock for the district-level control room, call centre and helpline.\" Apart from answering queries of voters, residents can also inform the returning officers about corrupt practices related to the forthcoming elections. \"Complaints or suggestions regarding functioning of the district election officer, electoral registration offices, booth-level officers and violation of code of conduct can also be registered,\" said Kumar.An election registration centre has also been established at the city magistrate's office in sector 19 for voters of Dadri. The Jan Suvidha centre at the district collectorate in Greater Noida will serve as a voter registration centre for residents of Jewar. \"These centres will also be responsible for all queries and problems regarding applications and distribution of voter identity cards,\" said the DM.To streamline the process of granting permission to political parties and candidates for election-related activities, a single window system has been put in place. All parties and candidates will have to take written permission before organizing rallies, using loudspeakers and vehicles, etc during campaigns. \"This single window system has been set up in each constituency,\" said a senior district official.Meanwhile, the district magistrate on Monday instructed all banks to provide assistance to political candidates for opening new bank accounts. \"As per EC directions, it is mandatory for candidates to open new bank accounts for poll-related payments and expenses,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "11517166", "title": "Parental consent must for shifting Pipili victim to AIIMS: HC", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The Orissa High Court on Monday said parental consent was must to shift the alleged Pipili gang-rape victim from SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, to All Indian Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi for further treatment. without the consent of her parents.The HC gave the directive after perusing the status report submitted by the SCB Medical College and Hospital, where the 19-year-old victim is battling for her life. The SCB authorities reported to the court that the victim's parents were unwilling to shift her to AIIMS. The SCB report added: \"The girl's condition, though static, is still critical. She does not need any super speciality treatment, but needs sophisticated investigation such as PET scan, which is not available at SCB Medical College and Hospital.\"\"The HC observed the victim should not be shifted without the consent of her parents,\" said lawyer Prabir Kumar Das, who recently filed a petition drawing the attention of the HC to the plight of the girl and her family.\"We tried our best to convince the parents, but in vain. We cannot understand why they are reluctant to shift her to AIIMS, though government is ready to bear their expenses,\" Pipili tehsildar Abani Patnaik said.The crime branch wing of Odisha police, the investigating agency in the case, on Monday laid hands on another accused in the sensational alleged gang rape of the 19-year-old girl, taking the total number of arrests to two.Guna Swain alias Purnachandra fell in the police net a day after the prime accused Prashant Pradhan was arrested from Jatni, about 30 km from Bhubaneswar. Police said the other two absconding accused, Sukanta Pradhan and Premananda Nayak, would be caught soon.Guna was arrested from his relative's house on Pipili-Nimapada route, additional director general of police (crime branch) Abhay said. He was whisked away from Pipili and brought to the crime branch office in Cuttack for interrogation. \"He would be produced in Pipili court on Tuesday,\" crime branch SP (1) R C Behera said.Hours after Guna's arrest, the crime branch sleuths produced the main accused Pradhan in the court of judicial magistrate first class, Pipili, on Monday evening. Pradhan was sent to judicial custody following rejection of his bail plea. The crime branch took Pradhan on two-day remand for interrogation.The four accused were booked under sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 307 (attempt to murder), 376 (rape), 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC and section 3 of SC, ST (Prevention of Atrocity) Act in connection with the November 28, 2011 case. The girl was found unconscious and semi-naked in a paddy field in her village on the fateful morning.Though she has since slipped into coma and been battling for life in hospital, her family members alleged she was raped as she dared to become a court witness in another molestation case in 2008.Incidentally, Guna was earlier arrested in connection with the 2008 molestation case, crime branch officers said. \"He was a juvenile then. Another juvenile along with him was also arrested,\" an officer said.Though the police said the recent alleged gang rape was nothing to do with the 2008 case, the victim's father said: \"The accused persons had been threatening her not to become a witness. They raped her and tried to kill her.\"Meanwhile, the crime branch on Monday submitted a status report in the high court as per the latter's direction. \"The report contained the progress of the crime branch investigation into the Pipili gang-rape case so far,\" SP Behera said. The state government had handed over the case to crime branch wing of the state police on January 10 following public outcry over inaction by the Puri district police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "berhampur/ koraput/ angul", "code": "11517239", "title": "Cong workers seek CM's ouster", "text": "BERHAMPUR/ KORAPUT/ ANGUL: Congress activists in Ganjam district on Monday burnt the effigies of chief minister Naveen Patnaik and agriculture minister Pradip Maharathy, demanding their resignation in the wake of the gang rape incident at Pipili in Puri district. The protesters also demanded a CBI inquiry into the incident.A similar protest was organized by Youth Congress activists in Koraput district. Alleging that the law and order situation had deteriorated in the past 10 years, submitted a memorandum to the district administration to be forwarded to the governor.\"While the chief minister himself holds the home portfolio, the state is witnessing deteriorating law and order situation. Crime against women, kidnappings, rapes, dacoities and extortions have become rampant now. The ruling party leaders are found involved in all these heinous crimes. Agriculture minister Pradeep Maharathi has provided protection to the accused involved in the Pipli gang rape,\" the memorandum read. \"The state is reeling from succession of rapes and murders at Pipli, Bhadrak, Rajgangpur and Balipal among other places within the span of two weeks,\" it added.The protesters alleged that Maoists were running a parallel government in the state. As many as 22 out of 30 districts are now Maoist-affected. The hostage of police personnel of R Udaygiri and the former collector of Malkangiri and the incidents in the aftermath showed the state government's capitulation to the Red rebels, they added.Demanding the resignation of Maharathi, Youth Congress leader Rabindra Mohapatra said, \"Life and property of people in the state is not safe. With the growing incidents of rape and murder, women are panicked. BJD leaders and workers are abetting crime. The chief minister has failed to contain the situation.\"He added: \"Sexual harassment of tribal students in Koraput, Nabarangpur and Rayagada districts, Kalinga Nagar carnage, Kandhamal communal strife, killing of people at Raighar, Maikanch and in the proposed site for the Posco project were some of the examples of police atrocities and disruptive law and order situation during the past 12 years tenure of the Naveen Patnaik government.\"In Angul, hundreds of Congress activists staged a demonstration in front of the district collector's office on Monday. They also echoed the demand for the resignation of the chief minister and the agriculture minister. They also demanded the immediate arrest of the all culprits in the Pipili gang rape caseThe protesters under the banner of Angul Youth Congress C ommittee had earlier taken out a procession to the district collector's office, shouting anti-government slogans.Women activists from various organizations in Angul district also staged a demonstration in front of the office of the district collector on Monday, demanding stringent action against the accused in the Pipili and the Rajgangpur gang rape cases.The convener of Odisha Women's Forum , Sasmita Behera, warned that they will intensify their agitation if the authorities failed to take immediate action. The women activists later submitted a memorandum to the governor through the additional district magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519476", "title": "Construction in river bed violates HC order: Rajendra Singh", "text": "PUNE: Ramon Magsaysay awardee and noted water conservationist Rajendra Singh said that the ongoing concretisation work in Devnadi and the construction of a road along the Mutha river bed from Vithalwadi to NH4 clearly violate the Bombay high court's stay order on concretisation of water bodies.Devnadi, a stream in Baner, runs for 5 km and flows into the Mula river. Singh visited Devnadi, Ramnadi and Vithalwadi with members of Jal Biradari and Baner Area Sabha on Monday. \"Concretisation work is being carried out in both Vithalwadi and Devnadi. This is a clear violation of the high court order.''He added, \"The worst situation in case of rivers is in Pune, compared to other places in the country. If the government itself is violating norms, who should protect them (the water bodies). The only way to save our water bodies is through people's movement. People should come together and fight for them.''The Bombay high court in its order has stated that till the next date of hearing, the respondents shall not proceed with any construction on any river bed as the impugned project is likely to reduce the width of the river as contended by the petitioners. In this case, the respondent is the Pune Municipal Corporation.The Baner Area Sabha, resident's group, and Jal Biradari, a social organisation, had filed a case on March 21, 2011, seeking a stay on construction and praying for restoration of all water bodies.Following the continued concretisation work on the river bed, the two organisations recently filed a contempt court case against the Pune Municipal Corporation and its officials regarding the violation of the stay order.At the Vithalwadi site, Singh, also known as the Waterman of India, pointed out the blue markings of the flood plain near the river. He said, \"The construction of the road that connects Vithalwadi to NH4 is being carried out in the flood plain. Standing on the under-construction elevated road parallel to the river, we can see the flood plain markings on the building on the left and the river on the right. It clearly shows this is the river bed. Going by the law, no construction and developmental work can take place in flood plain areas and river beds.''Vithalwadi residents Subhangi Kulkarni and Mansa Kamath, who came to meet Singh, said that they wanted a stop to the flood-like situation the area faces every year. \"Last September, water had entered the ground floor of our building. We do not want this road. We want authorities to do something to stop flooding in our area,'' they said.Singh said that constructing the road would lead to more flood-like situations in the area, as the road would act as a barrier for the stormwater flowing in to the river from other areas.At the Devnadi site in Baner, a wall has been erected on one side of the stream, in front of an under-construction bungalow, as part of the concretisation work. Singh said, \"Walls are being constructed along the sides of the stream and are filling up the land on both sides. This makes it easy to encroach upon the land at this site.''Following the high court order, an inspection team of the ministry of environment and forests had visited Devnadi and Vithalwadi in November 2011. Their report is awaited. The next court hearing in the matter is on January 27, 2012.What the PIL says?In the PIL filed, the petitioner had stated that under the garb of constructing stormwater drains, which ought to have been constructed along the side of the roads, work was being carried out right in the middle of the natural water bodies.In addition to this violation, the PIL says, no environmental impact assessment has been carried out for the flood project, which costs well over Rs 400 crore and that the present construction being undertaken was not in compliance with the development plan for Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11518111", "title": "Folk theatre gains popularity, but artistes in the doldrums", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is an ancient tradition which is enjoying a revival of sorts over the last one decade. With the tedium over cinema and TV on the rise leading to the closure of many movie halls in the Kongu region, folk theatre or traditional theatre is gaining popularity.But folk artistes are in the doldrums as the government body set up to care for them during the previous DMK regime has turned dysfunctional.\"None of the welfare measures meant for the artistes have reached them and there is an alarming lack of awareness on artistes registering themselves in Folk Artistes Welfare Association, a government body. Many artistes are illiterate and the tradition is passed from father to son. There is no organisation too to work for the welfare of the artistes,\" said Devibharathi, who has conducted two workshops on folk theatre in Erode.\"People come in droves to watch us now. Ten years ago this was unthinkable,\" said V Mahalingam, 49, secretary of Erode District Folk Artistes Association.Many of the performers have turned construction labourers, tanners and astrologers. \"We have been reduced to doing astrology with parrots,\" said Mahaligam. His son, M Suresh, 27, is also a folk artist and the family has been doing theatre for 15 years.Most of the plays centre around the Mahabharata or Ramayana. But the artistes lack the equipment needed to conduct a folk theatre. \"It would be good if the government provided us with drums, harmonium and other makeup needs,\" he said. Some of the well-known plays are \"Nallathaval\", \"Madurai Veeran\", \"Karthikeyan\", \"Pantrimalai Kallan\" and \"Mammattiyan\".The 'navithar' are the community who perform folk theatre through the ages.Apart from this, there are musical plays scripted by Sankaradasa Swamigal. These include \"Kovalan Kadai\", \"Valli Deivani\" and \"Harichandra\". These plays are extremely popular in Karur, Manapparai and Namakkal areas. There are 40-50 plays scripted by Sankaradasa Swamigal. The folk artistes collect box office receipts through donations. Each member of the audience donates Rs 5 or Rs 10 to watch the show. Or if he is the spending kind, he can pin Rs 50 or Rs 100 to the lapel of the folk artiste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11519210", "title": "PIL on Pentavalent to aid pvt biz, says govt", "text": "KOCHI: The public interest litigation challenging implementation of Pentavalent vaccination programme in Kerala citing adverse effects is aimed at helping private companies supplying the vaccine, the central government contended on Monday.Pentavalent vaccine, including the vaccine against Haemophilus Influenzae Type B (Hib), was rolled out across the State on December 14 last year as part of the Universal Immunization Programme.Countering a petition by a Wayanad-based NGO that alleged that the vaccination programme is being implemented without scientific health studies, the central government filed an affidavit at the Kerala high court that pointed out that Pentavalent has been used for the past seven years by private players and 1.67 crore doses have been sold without any adverse effects.National and international experts of World Health Organization investigated the deaths alleged to be due to Pentavalent vaccination in Sri Lanka , Bhutan , and Pakistan but were found to be not related to the vaccine, central government stated in the affidavit.Pentavalent vaccine is available in Indian private market since 2004 and is being administered by private practitioners at an exorbitant price whereas the same is being given under Universal Immunization Programme of the central government freely, the affidavit said.Out of a total 1.67 crore doses administered since 2004, 1.56 crore doses have been administered during the period of 2007 to 2011. Indian manufacturers for Pentavalent have increased from one in 2004 to five in 2009 due to the surge in demand, and Rs 6,000 is being charged for a single course of Pentavalent.The intention of this petition is only to prevent the government from providing the vaccine free of charge so that commercial interests of private sector are protected, the affidavit states.The central government also stated in the affidavit that more than 41,000 children have been vaccinated with Pentavalent since its introduction in Kerala and Tamil Nadu recently and no adverse event was noted. Pentavalent has been used in Goa since 2008, with more than 28,000 vaccinations until July last year, and no adverse event was noted, the affidavit said.Countering a petition by a Wayanad-based NGO that the vaccination programme is being implemented without scientific health studies, the central government filed an affidavit at the Kerala High Court that pointed out that Pentavalent has been used for the past seven years by private players and 1.67 crore doses have been sold without any adverse effects", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518585", "title": "UP officials acting as BSP spokespersons, Cong tells EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday petitioned the Election Commission , accusing senior district officials in Uttar Pradesh of acting as the \"eyes and ears\" of the ruling BSP. The party demanded action against these officials and their closer scrutiny to ensure even-handed approach in the run-up to elections.A Congress delegation is learnt to have trained its guns on key Mayawati aide, cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, and demanded his removal. After the EC's decision to transfer DGP Brij Lal and principal secretary home Kunwar Fateh Bahadur earlier, the demand from Congress against the top official seems to be an attempt to build pressure on the chief minister in the run-up to elections.The demand gains significance in the wake of CM Mayawati reacting angrily to the EC's \"anti-dalit\" mindset in her Sunday press conference and specifically mentioning the removal of Bahadur and Lal as dictated by the fact that they belonged to Scheduled Castes. She said the EC's directives like ordering the covering of statues and transfer of dalit officials would help BSP.Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and head of AICC legal cell Abhishek Singhvi held an hour-long discussion with the commission in which they are learnt to have spoken on a range of issues with primary focus on the chief minister's trusted officials.The party submitted a plaint against 11 district magistrates and district police chiefs who they said were working as \"BSP spokespersons\". Singhvi told reporters, \"We have specifically brought to the attention of the commission very grave violations of the level playing field by UP officials... they were nothing more and nothing less than the spokesperson of the ruling party BSP which is completely impermissible in electoral process.\"He said the movement of men and public material should not be hindered in the state, hinting at another complaint against district officials with reported bias against Congress. He alleged \"there were cases of total subordination of the state administration and machinery to the ruling party in UP\". Singhvi said, \"We expect strong action to be taken in near future.\"The AICC spokesman will argue the EC notice to law minister Salman Khurshid for his comment on Muslim quota on Thursday. Khurshid had submitted his detailed response to the EC notice but had also sought a personal hearing. The minister was issued a showcause notice for his comment at a Farrukhabad rally that Congress, if voted to power, would give 9% reservation to Muslims. The EC issued notice to the law minister after BJP protested that the comment was an attempt to seek votes on the grounds of religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518507", "title": "Court allows police to interrogate Agarwal", "text": "KOLKATA: The chief judicial magistrate, Alipore, on Monday allowed police to question AMRI director RS Agarwal at SSKM hospital if doctors permit. He was produced before the court around 2pm on Monday in an ambulance.Agarwal's counsel claimed that his health was better than before but he was not yet fit. They requested the court to shift him to any private hospital or his home under police vigil for treatment. Countering the request, the public prosecutor claimed that the medical board set up by SSKM authority mentioned in their report that Agarwal was fit. The public prosecutor requested the court to send him to Alipore central jail.Finally in the evening, CJM Chowdhury Hefazat Karim ordered that Agarwal be kept at SSKM hospital till January 30. When Agarwal's counsel pleaded that he be kept in a cabin and allowed food from home, the CJM refused to interfere. The court said that the hospital authority will decide on that issue. But the CJM said if doctors permit, police will be allowed to examine him in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11517524", "title": "DGP focus on better police-public ties", "text": "GUWAHATI: Jayanta Narayan Choudhury, who took over as the new Assam police chief on Monday, has vowed to improve law and order in the state. While stressing the need for modernizing the state's police force, he also pressed for a better police-public relation to contain disorders in the state like the ongoing mega-dam protest in northern Assam.\"Agitation is a global phenomenon. The anti-dam movement is not a different one. However, we will concentrate on restoring law and order during such protests. We don't want the public to take up law in their hands and for it, the police-public gap must be bridged,\" said Choudhury.He added, \"My background as an intelligence officer is surely going to boost my role as the DGP. The department needs to keep a close vigilance on the various separatists groups operating here to avoid any undesired incidents.\" Choudhury also asked the department to keep a close view on splinter extremist groups operating in Assam.Expressing concern over the rapid traffic violations in the city, the DGP said imposing strict traffic regulation was on his priority list. \"The Assam Police website is to be updated daily and the state police must be modernized in the latest way,\" he stated.Chaudhury took charge as the new DGP on Monday. Earlier, on December 31, former DGP Shankar Baruah handed over the charge to the Home Guards and Civil Defense DGP Rajendra Kumar .Born in 1955, Choudhury is an IPS officer of the Assam-Meghalaya cadre. His first posting was as sub-divisional police officer in Bongaigaon. He later became the SP of Lakhimpur district. Soon after, he went on deputation to the intelligence bureau (IB) and was the joint director in Kolkata. He then went to the IB headquarters in New Delhi where he served as the additional director for the last 24 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11520577", "title": "3 brothers arrested for killing sister", "text": "NOIDA: Three brothers were today arrested for allegedly killing their 15-year-old sister and dumping her body in a river here.The brothers -- Subhas, Lalit and Vikas -- were arrested following a police complaint by their mother, Superintendent of Police Anant Dev said.\"Their mother Sheela had lodged complaint today alleging they killed her minor daughter on December 28 and dumped her body in a river,\" the SP said.During questioning, the accused said that they had seen their sister with a man in compromising position on December 28, and in a fit of rage, they took her to Yamuna river embankment near Mangroli area and killed her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11518148", "title": "Mickky gets notice to erase trust's name from hearse van", "text": "MARGAO: The Salcete sub-divisional magistrate Dasharath Redkar on Monday issued a notice to Benaulim MLA Fransisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, directing him to erase the name \"Mickky Pacheco charitable trust\" painted on a hearse van.Redkar has given 48-hours for Pacheco to act, failing which Redkar said the vehicle will be attached and kept in their possession until the election period is over.Redkar's notice follows a complaint received in the control room that the said hearse van carrying the trust's name was moving around the area thereby violating the model code of conduct. The flying squad attached to the South Goa collectorate also removed a banner about a football match to be held at Betalbatim which carried Pacheco's name.A hoarding pertaining to elections put up by an NGO at Camurlim is also learnt to have been brought down by the flying squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518610", "title": "Alumni concerns revealed in Presidency magazine", "text": "KOLKATA: After the initial euphoria about the high-profile mentor group that will steer the fledgling Presidency University towards excellence, it is time to introspect. At least noted alumni of the institution have started analyzing the situation as it is and after having done that, are trying to suggest ways in which the institution can move towards a common goal - excellence.The Autumn Annual, which is a chronicle published by the alumni of the institution on the occasion of its Founder's Day on January 20, will be replete with such suggestions from contributors this time.None less than Union minister of state for urban development and a key member of the Trinamool Congress , Saugata Roy, who is an alumnus of the erstwhile college from its physics department, feels that though the mentor group consists of eminent people, they are not quite aware of the ground realities of Presidency University. His piece, 'Whither Presidency University', reflects upon the fact that not all that is being done is in order.\"You can call it a critical appreciation of the developments that are taking place at the university. The eminent mentors are all well meaning, but I believe that there is a gap between their perception of the situation and the reality. What the institution immediately needs is an augmented teaching strength,\" Roy said.Perhaps in the same tone, Amitabh Bose, former director of IIM-Calcutta and an alumnus of the college, in his article, 'Presidency Plus', has pointed out that it would be difficult to recreate past glory and such an effort would be completely futile. The administration should take up the creation of Presidency University as a completely new project instead of trying to bring back the academic pride of the institution in the '60s and '70s, Bose has suggested in his article.Economist Anup Sinha of IIM-Calcutta has written his piece 'The Teacher and the Taught' in the same tone but not as directly. Sinha is not only an alumnus but also taught for a decade at the erstwhile Presidency College. He feels that though the central and state governments and politicians largely have control over education, it is not ideal. \"This causes education to be controlled by those who do not understand the business,\" Sinha said.This edition of the Annual is being edited jointly by writer Nabaneeta Dev Sen and statistician Shyama Prasad Mukherjee. The latter agrees that though \"stars\" have been involved in trying to turn around the institution, there is not much vision or direction.\"The kind of leadership that is required to get the institution to excel is lacking. The vision is kind of nebulous and that is a grave problem.\" Mukherjee feels that the postgraduate teaching faculty is not competitive enough in the institution and yet a large number of PG departments have been opened in a hurry. The physical infrastructure is also grossly inadequate, he feels. \"The leaders who are trying to steer Presidency University seem to be in a lot of hurry and are not giving the process the time it deserves,\" Mukherjee added.Noted English teacher of Jadavpur University and Presidency alumnus Supriya Chowdhury has not commented on Presidency University at all. Her article, 'Universities and their Future', discusses the pending education bills in the light of recommendations by the Knowledge Commission and Yashpal Committee. \"I have not suggested anything particular for Presidency. My suggestions are national in nature and can certainly be adapted by Presidency if it has to become an institution of national importance,\" Chaudhuri added.Though removed from the issue of developments in Presidency, alumnus and Union culture secretary Jawhar Sircar has tried to de-romanticize the Naxalite student movement in the erstwhile college when he was a student between 1969 and 1972. In his article, 'Solitary, Poor, Nasty, Brutish and Short', a take from 'The Leviathan', Sircar says that those who were supposed to be \"great leaders\" are all leading capitalist lives in America.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519865", "title": "1 killed in fire at Cherlapally godown", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major fire accident claimed the life of a DCM van driver, Kiran Kumar (25) at Cherlapally on Monday morning. The fire broke out at around 11.30 pm on Sunday, in a scrap godown located at B N Reddy Nagar, Cheralapally. Kiran Kumar and his two friends Sailu and Srinu were sleeping inside.On Sankranti night, after celebrations the trio slept at the scrap godown owned by Sailu and were trapped inside as the building as the fire broke out near its door. While Sailu managed to run through the flames and later saved Srinu by breaking the tin roof, Kiran Kumar who fell unconscious by then was not able to escape. Sailu and Srinu have suffered 25 per cent burns on their body.The fire was brought into control within 45 minutes but the tenders could not save Kiran Kumar. The cause of fire is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11518385", "title": "Bhupinder wants to meet Ratan Tata", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: From travelling around the world to meeting Ratan Tata , making Ludhiana green and taste the best delicacies of India, Bhupinder Singh of Kitchlu Nagar wants to do all this and more before the world comes to an end.Typical of a businessman, the 39-year-old says, \"I want to meet business tycoon Ratan Tata, who single handedly made Tata Group one of the biggest and most successful business organization in the world. I would like to take a few tips of business management from him. I also idolize Dhirubhai Ambani , who was initially a teacher and later went on to build a big business empire. According to me his struggle and achievements are worth learning from,\" he said.Besides being a through businessman, Bhupinder also has a heart of gold. His next wish is to contribute more towards the society in terms of social work. \"I am already helping two girls living in an orphanage in Kharar near Chandigarh by providing them with clothes, stationary and study material. This gives me immense satisfaction as I am giving something to the society. And besides what I'm already doing I would like to be able to contribute more,'' says Bhupinder.Next on Bhupinder's wish list is an urge to take his business to new heights before the world comes to an end. \"I wish to strengthen my business and take it to new heights in terms of success and management,'' he said.And that's not all. Bhupinder is a very doting son too. Taking about his parents Surjeet Kaur, who is a retired principal of government aided school, and Gurbax Singh, who is a retired income tax officer, he says, \"I want to take my parents on a world tour since they did not have many resources in the past for pleasure trips. I would like to take them to Australia, New Zealand, California , Hong Kong , Switzerland.'' He adds, \"Besides this, I would also like to take them on religious pilgrimage to places in India including Harmandar Sahib, Hazoor Sahib, Anandpur Sahib and Patna Sahib.'' Next on his wish list is a dream to see Ludhiana green and crime free. He says, \"I believe it is the social and moral responsibility of every citizen to help make the city crime-free.'' Last but not the least, Bhupinder would like to taste all special cuisines of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11517786", "title": "Salman Rushdie persuaded to stay away from Jaipur Literature Festival", "text": "JAIPUR: A major flashpoint ahead of the Jaipur Literary Festival has been avoided with a jittery Rajasthan government on Monday persuading organizers to ask Salman Rushdie, the main draw at the book-lovers' jamboree, to call off his visit.Rajasthan chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed is learnt to have called the organizers to discuss Rushdie's presence that, sources in the state government said, would have created a huge security risk, given the threat of protests by Muslim groups.\"Rushdie's trip has been cancelled. We have been informed,\" said a senior Rajasthan police officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The organizers, however, didn't confirm the cancellation but the Booker Prize-winning author's events on the January 20-24 programme were purged from the JLF website.Anxiety in the ruling Congress in Rajasthan as well as the Centre during this election season has grown ever since Darul Uloom, Deoband's vice-chancellor wrote to the Union government earlier this month, insisting the author of 'The Satanic Verses' be barred from entering India, a surprising demand since Rushdie has been to the country five times since the controversy over the book erupted, including one to JLF's inaugural 2007 edition.The Deobandis had asked the government not to give him a visa but within hours, Rushdie tweeted that he didn't need one since he was categorized as a Person of Indian Origin and could come and go as he pleased. That put the government in a spot and forced them to lean on the lit fest organizers to plead with Rushdie to back off. The author hasn't made any comment since news of his cancellation broke.Cong leaders wanted Rushdie kept out of India : Rajasthan's sensitivities over the visit of controversial author Salman Rushdie to the Jaipur literature festival, however, are easier to comprehend.The state government has been on the defensive after the state police were accused of failing to protect Muslim protesters in Gopalgarh where riots last September left nine Muslims dead.It's learnt that Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot and Union law and minorities affairs minister Salman Khurshid met to discuss Rushdie's visit and the demand by conservative Muslim groups, including clerics in Rajasthan who had organized a 7,000-strong protest in Jaipur.Some Rajasthan Muslim organizations had announced a protest against Rushdie's visit with one even declaring a reward of Rs 1 lakh for anyone ready to hurl a shoe at the author.Rajasthan PCC chief Chandrabhan had on Thursday demanded a ban on Rushdie's visit and the Congress MP from Jaipur Mahesh Joshi had backed him.Rushdie had two sessions, 'Midnight's Child on Jan 20' and 'Inglish, Amlish: The chutneyfication of English' the next day. Organizers told reporters on Sunday that Rushdie's first session was postponed. \"We have removed his trip itinerary from the website in view of the ongoing controversy,\" said a JLF organizer.TIMES VIEW: Salman Rushdie's decision to not attend the Jaipur Literary Festival sends out all the wrong signals. It would appear the government failed to reassure the Indian-born author that he need have no fears about visiting the land of his birth; on the contrary, the festival organizers were told by the Congress-run state government that Rushdie's visit could cause a law and order problem. The result is the impression that India is a soft state which succumbs easily to pressure. As for the Congress, it is open to the charge of appeasement once again.Tweeter talk @debrosereeves: Double boo. Rushdie is not my only reason for attending the lit fest but it's sad to hear he won't be@ShaikhAafaque: Salman Rushdie is probably singing to Indian Muslims: Why this kolaveri...kolaveri..kolaveri di..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11519486", "title": "13/7 bomb was assembled near Byculla police station", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations show that one of the three 13/7 bombs, the one that was exploded at Zaveri Bazar, was fitted into a stolen scooter at a garage just a stone's throw from Byculla police station.Police say the Activa scooter, stolen from Khetwadi on either July 11 or 12, was taken by the Indian Mujahideen terrorists to the garage, which is in the compound of an oil mill.Shockingly, the probe shows that the three IM men, including leader Yasin Bhatkal, were living under the nose of the Byculla cops even after the attacks and fled Mumbai only after a Delhi businessman was detained by the ATS around January 8 or 9, 2012. The state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) had even been tapping a mobile number, 9433524*** , which Yasin Bhatkal is suspected to have used in Mumbai and which was apparently obtained using fake documents in Kolkata. The 13/7 blasts claimed 27 lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11519383", "title": "Maximum ministers, minimum progress", "text": "GORAKHPUR: The de facto capital of Poorvanchal is not only known as a fertile land for mafia, it has also produced an enviable number of ministers. In fact, far more than any other regions of the state. But that doesn't reflect on the state of development in Gorakhpur and Basti divisions. The entire region seems to be caught in a time warp.If the Mayawati government boasted of having six ministers from the two divisions, there were seven in the Kalyan Singh's regime. In 2003,when Mulayam Singh Yadav became the CM, 13 ministers from the region added to its aura and clout in the political circles. Among the six ministers in Maya government, Fateh Bahadur Singh, Sadal Prasad and Rajesh Tripathi and Jamuna Nishad, all from Gorakhpur were all sacked. Nishad, later, died in a road accident. Some of these underwent transition from mafia to MLAs and became ministers.Shiv Pratap Shukla, Harishankar Tiwari, Markandey Chand and Jitendra Jaiswal alias Pappu Jaiswal, all were ministers representing Gorakhpur from 1996 to 2002. Similarly, Harishanker Tiwari again became minister in 2002. Also represented Gorakhpur as ministers included Jai Prakash Yadav, Ram Bhuwal Nishad, Brahma Shanker Tripathi. But, even this VVIP status could not bring development in the region. Such is the plight of the region that people here find it hard to speak anything related to development. \"I won't be able to tell you about the development of the region. But, ask me about the development of an individual (read politician), ask me which individual was travelling on a rickshaw a few years ago and how that individual has now started travelling in an SUV,\" said one Kailash Chand, a resident of Betiahata in the city,when asked to tell about pace of development with so many ministers representing the region.\"Development in the region has been very slow just like any other place in the state barring state capital and cities like Noida,\" said Ranvijay Singh, a primary teacher in Padrauna assembly segment of Kushinagar district. Citing an example of the plight of the city, Pascal, an employee with a pharmaceutical company staying in Gorakhpur for the past 12 years, said, \"I have always seen the city like it is today. The electricity crisis is unending and so is the water supply condition. Roads have also remained more or less the same for years.\"The slower-than-tortoise pace of work on most of the flyovers has almost made them ineffective. Citing one example, a political analyst of the city, said, \"The Dharmshala flyover was conceived somewhere in 2002 and finally came into being in 2007. By this time population of the city had taken a giant leap both in terms of vehicles and the people, so the poorly designed flyovers proved too inadequate.\" On health front, the lone medical college in Gorakhpur district - Baba Raghav Das Medical College - has been crying for help for ages. The condition is such that people prefer to visit private nursing homes instead. No wonder, private doctors are second most powerful community after those in power by virtue of their post.Subjected to utter neglect by ministers and successive governments, the region has acquired the synonym of deathbed thanks to Japanese encephalitis. Gorakhpur's neighbouring district, Kushinagar, famous as Gautam Buddha's Mahaparinirvaan Sthal has not tasted even the Gorakhpur-level of development. Maya's close confidante Swami Prasad Maurya represented Kushinagar's Padrauna constituency in 2007 assembly election. Barring construction of a four-lane highway connecting Kushinagar to 12-km short of Gorakhpur and a few main arteries, other roads in the district are in a shambles.Power crisis is another problem which has been nagging the region. \"There was a time when the district had uninterrupted power supply for one year just before Maurya contested by-elections from Padrauna,\" recalls Pramod Singh, who runs a stationery shop on Subhash Chowk at Padrauna in Kushinagar.However, the scenario changed fo the worse after that, said Ranjeet Yadav, a resident of Kasya assembly segment.In fact, all the surrounding districts of Gorakhpur, including Maharajganj, which even after over a decade of its creation, continues to be one of the most backward districts in the state. This despite the fact that the major economy of the district is agrarian. On agriculture front, the district is known among the locals as \"mini Punjab\", said Mahesh Sharma, who has around 50 bigha of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11519278", "title": "It\u2019s official, money can buy happiness", "text": "LONDON: Yes, money can buy you happiness, says a study, finally putting an end to the age-old debate.This is because cash is the most important factor in making people feel content, according to the study by a dozen academics from around the world. In fact, the researchers have based their conclusion on an analysis of an array of data from 126 countries across the world, the British media reported.The findings by the Institute of Economic Affairs have shown that happiness levels correlate with the amount of wealth a person accumulates . And, it does not level off when the assets reach a certain threshold , say the researchers.The finding contradicts the widely held belief that above a certain income level, people do not become any happier.The study argues a 20% rise in income has the same impact on wellbeing irrespective of how much wealth the person has initially. \"No country is rich enough to have hit a satiation point, if such a point exists. These findings are robust and use an extremely rich set of data. Richer individuals are happier with their lives,\" the study says. This holds true for more or less all the countries in which \"the relationship between income and satisfaction is similar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "11522210", "title": "Formulate political solution of Tamil issue: India tells Lanka", "text": "COLOMBO: Keen to see the decades-old ethnic crisis resolved, India today told Sri Lanka that the \"most important\" issue before it was to come out with a political solution that fulfills the aspirations of the minority Tamils.The position of India, which has been pitching for devolution of powers to Tamil-dominated areas, was articulated by external affairs minister S M Krishna during his meeting with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa this morning.During a 90-minute breakfast meeting, Krishna and Rajapaksa discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations that also included the political solution to end the ethnic crisis in the country.The discussions focussed primarily on the resettlement of Tamil civilians displaced due to the three-decade-old war that ended in May 2009 with the killing of LTTE chief Velupillai Prabhakaran in a military operation.Krishna told Rajapaksa that political settlement of Tamils and a solution that answers the aspirations of the Tamil community was the \"most important\" issue that stands to be resolved, the sources told PTI.Krishna, who met Rajapaksa on his arrival yesterday at a Thaipongal reception, also discussed other issues of mutual concern.The two leaders also reviewed the process of relief and rehabilitation of Tamil civilians displaced due to the war.The President, clad in a safari suit, warmly welcomed Krishna at his chamber who was accompanied by Sri Lankan foreign minister G L Pieris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11517196", "title": "Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj soak in Makar revelry", "text": "KEONJHAR: Mayurbhanj, Keonjhar and neighbouring Jharkhand exalted in the Makar spirit. The people took holy dips, carried out rituals, had different kinds of pithas and made merry. Many thronged the banks of river Baitarani on Makar Sankranti for the 'Makar Buda' and offered puja at the temples in Kesarikunda near Sarei village within Champua block, Bhimkund in Patna block and Devkund at Gonasika.Makar mela was also organized in different parts of Keonjhar district. These fairs will continue for a fortnight at many places. At Kesarikunda, the mela was observed for a day with lakhs of people from Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj and neighbouring Jharkhand thronging the spot. A wooden bridge has been built over river Baitarani by the locals linking Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj districts. It is called the \"Samparka ra Setu\" because it helps people of both districts to cross the river , see the mela and worship Shiva. Similarly, a wooden bridge was built by locals over river Baitarani at Bhimkund. Over 20,000 people took the holy dip here. \"Devkund\" is situated at the origin of river Baitarani near Gonasika in Banspal block.The festivities go on for 15 days at Nilakantheswar Mahadev at Barhatipura in Ghatagaon block, whereas it is observed for three to five days at Bhalughar in Sadar block, Ramtirtha in Champua block, Mathuramandali, Tangarbanthala in Sadar block, Dhanabeni in Harichandanpur block. Tribal songs and dances, opera and magic shows, meena bazaar, etc., are the main attractions of the mela.Makar Sankranti is the day when the Sun enters the sign of Makar or constellation of Capricorn. This movement is called 'Uttarayan Gati' of the Sun. People offer newly-harvested rice, sugarcane, banana, cheese and milk, popularly called 'Makar Chaula' to the Sun god. On this day, people also make friends by offering \"Makar Chaula\" and therafter call each other only \"Makar\".This Sankranti is also related to agriculture. It is celebrated with great enthusiasm to overcome the tiredness of farming. During this time the farmers make merry with the harvest being over. On this day, work contract between the land-owner and the labourers get over.Preparations for Makar Sankranti start much earlier. People clean their houses and whitewash it. On the day of festival, all members of the family wear new cloths, have different kinds of 'pithas' and men and women consume country liquor. The Kudumi community also ends the \"Tusu Festival\" on Makar Sankranti. Young girls of this community worship \"Tusu\", a female deity and immerse it in the water on this day after a fortnight of worship by singing special songs and dancing. Each family of this community prepares a special kind of cake called \"Chhankal Pitha\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518400", "title": "Govt doctors threaten stir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Medical services across the state might get hit on Tuesday. Members of the In Service Doctors' Association will meet on Tuesday in Gandhinagar to discuss their pending demands and problems which include salary hike and other issues.The meeting is likely to be attended by all government doctors of Gujarat. After the meeting doctors have planned to stage a dharna at Gandhinagar to press for their demands. On Monday a delegation of the doctors met with the state health minister but no decision was taken.Though the state health department officials requested the doctors to exercise patience and refrain from agitation, the doctors are in a belligerent mood. \"After Tuesday's meeting we shall decide whether to go on mass casual leave or agitate further. We have tried to reason with the government earlier too, but our pleas have fallen on deaf ears. We now feel that agitation might be the only way to draw attention of the state government,\" said a member of the In Service Doctors' Association.If the doctors carry out their threat then work at all primary health centres, civil hospitals and district medical centres will come to a grinding halt across Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11519902", "title": "Four-lane road to be ready by 2013: Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli-Dharwad four-lane road will be complete by May 2013 and it is a Rs 177 crore project, said district minister Jagadish Shettar.Speaking to mediapersons here on Monday, Shettar said that the project would take 2 years to finish. There are no objections for land acquisition from property owners. They will give the land for road widening because it's a public work and will help them also, he said.There are no objections from anyone between Sana College and ISKCON temple, so the work will start from that place. The road will be widened by 30 metres. From Naveen Hotel to Vidyagiri, concrete roads will be made. \"For the four-lane road we have to occupy nearly 40 acres of land,\" he added.Shettar gave the clarification for the delay of the four-lane project, and said, \"We planned to start the BRTS and four-lane project at a time, so it took a 7 to 8 month delay to start the project.\"\"Hubli-Dharwad Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project has got approval from the cabinet, and we will send the project file to central government, after getting its permission, it will go for the approval from the World Bank. It may take six months for all this,\" he said.The BRTS project will get more funds from the state government and the remaining funds will given by the central government and World Bank. Ten percent amount will be provided by the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519382", "title": "City-based animal welfare officer tours TN to report on bull fights, races", "text": "PUNE: The Animal Welfare Board of India has directed city-based animal welfare officer Manoj Oswal to conduct an inspection and monitor bull fights and race events across three districts in Tamil Nadu.On the basis of Oswal's report, the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court and Supreme Court would reconsider the issue of permitting or banning bull races in future in Tamil Nadu. Oswal has been relentlessly working on the issue of bull races and bull fights, and has filed reports and petitions in relation to the issue in Maharashtra too.The Animal Welfare Board insists that the event cannot be allowed to be held as bulls are no longer registered as performing animals. The High Court for the fourth time in a row, stopped short of banning 'Jallikattu' or bull fights in Tamil Nadu.'Jallikattu' is a bull taming exercise played in Tamil Nadu as part of the Pongal festival. The state government urged that the ban could create a huge law and order problem in the state and it pleaded that the event be allowed to be held.The Madurai Bench of the Madras high court had reserved its judgment. However, the Bench allowed the event to be held under stringent conditions and one of the conditions put by the court was that the event be held under observation of Animal Welfare Board of India officials.Out of the seven events to be monitored in three districts, Oswal inspected the bull fight at Avaniapuram in Madurai district where 42 people were reportedly injured on January 15. The other events are being conducted at Palamedu and Alanganallur in Madurai district, Periyasuriyur, Palakurichi and Karungulam in Tiruchi district and Siravayal and Kandipatti in Sivagangai district.Oswal said, \"I have a challenging task to observe these events in three districts and come up with a detailed report. It is quite an emotionally drenching experience to see families crying for their lost young and earning members, animals being injured and abused, and yet to maintain a composed and well-balanced posture and write an objective report narrating facts without emotions. I hope to help bring an end to the misery of people and animals through constructive action.''His previous reports on bull fights points out that most of the loss of human lives was due to bulls running amok outside the arena.The central government ministry of environment and forests in a notification issued earlier specifies that some animals (bulls, bears, monkeys, tigers, panthers, lions) shall not be exhibited or trained as performing animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517595", "title": "Minister hails poetic skill of convent girl", "text": "PATNA: Minister, information and public relations, Brishen Patel, was on Monday very impressed with the collection of poems, 'Memoirs of A Former Self', written by a student of St Joseph's Convent, Patna, Aishwarya Sahi.Releasing the book before a distinguished gathering at the Samvad auditorium of Soochna Bhavan, he said the land of Bihar has many fertile brains and young talents whose literary and cultural pursuits would be promoted as a policy measure by the state government. The minister, while appreciating the fact that a 17-year-old girl has written poems of such a high standard, said that this has brought a breath of fresh air in the literary field and the government is ready to encourage her and other talented youths. Principal secretary, information and public relations, Rajesh Bhushan, who has written the foreword of the 'Memoirs of A Former Self', said that at this young age Sahi has maturity of thought and emotion reflected in her poems that leave deep impression on the readers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517997", "title": "Break over, kids flock back to school", "text": "GURGAON: The winter vacation came to an end and for students in Gurgaon, it was back to school on Monday. Most of the schools in the city reopened on Monday, after an extended winter break and on Day 1, children were mostly busy sharing their holiday experiences with friends.\"The first day in school after vacation is always exciting. There is so much to share and discuss,\" said Rachna Pathak, a Class XI student in Gurgaon, who went on a trip to South India during her holidays. She added, \"While these days, you are mostly in touch with your friends via social networking sites or cellphone even during vacations, nevertheless, when you meet them in person, it's a different thing altogether.Especially when you go out of town during holidays, you can catch up properly with friends only when you are back to school.\" There were others like Sparsh Mishra from Manav Rachna School who made sure he met his school friends regularly even during the holidays.\"We enjoyed visiting each other's homes and had lots of fun since most of my classmates did not go out of the city for holidays. It was probably better than going out for a vacation,\" he said. Both students and teachers agreed that these days youngsters looked forward to get back to school after holidays and did not feel sad about the vacation being over. \"I was looking forward to meeting my friends in school so much that I became disappointed when I got to know that the wait would get longer with the extension of the vacation because of the chill. I am excited now that the holidays are over,\" Jessica Sharma, a student of Class IX at Gems International School.The school teachers and principals too pointed out that they were witnessing a vast difference in the way children treated the vacations. \"Nowadays, students actually miss school and eagerly look forward to going back to school and being with their friends again. Gone are the days when children used to long for holidays so that they don't have to attend school,\" said Sudha Rajamohan, principal, Gems School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517624", "title": "No takers for convict Alistair", "text": "MUMBAI: Alistair Pereira (26), convicted in a 2006 hit-and-run incident in which seven people died, surrendered to the police on Monday morning. A few hours later, he was home.Last week, the Supreme Court upheld a 3-year jail sentence for Pereira by the Bombay High Court, which had extended a 6-month sentence by the trial court. So, Pereira went to the Khar police station on Monday.He had with him a letter stating that he was surrendering to the Khar police since the incident involving him took place under their jurisdiction. But officers at the police station did not know how to deal with the matter, since they did not have a directive or a certified copy of the SC order. After consulting their seniors, they decided not to arrest Pereira, but produce him at the Bandra magistrate's court.The Bandra court told the police it had no jurisdiction over the case and directed them to take the convict to the Sewri sessions court, where he was tried.The Sewri court told the police to study the SC order before approaching it. For two hours after that, the cops tried to understand the technical aspects of how a convict surrenders following an SC order, discussing the matter at length with their seniors and legal experts. Then they brought Pereira back to the Khar police station. This happened around 4pm. Within half an hour, they decided to let Pereira go. But they took an undertaking from his lawyer, who had arrived at the police station by then, that Pereira would surrender immediately after receiving a certified copy of the SC order.In the early hours of November 12, 2006, Pereira, driving under the influence of alcohol, had run over 15 people, mostly migrant construction workers, who were sleeping on a pavement on Carter Road, Bandra. Seven died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518700", "title": "Nothing famous or infamous about Babri demolition: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to get swayed by the high-profile character of the Babri Masjid demolition case, in which the CBI is seeking fastening of criminal conspiracy charges against top political leaders including L K Advani and Bal Thackeray , and said it was a mere incident with nothing \"famous or infamous about it\".When additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha referred to the case as \"famous\" in which the CBI is seeking revival of conspiracy charges against Advani, Thackeray and 16 others, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said, \"It was an incident which happened and parties are before us. It is not famous or infamous.\" It adjourned hearing on the CBI's petition to March 27 as some of the respondents had not filed replies.Others to whom the SC had issued notices included Kalyan Singh , Uma Bharati, M M Joshi, Vinay Katiyar, Ashok Singhal, Giriraj Kishore, Sadhvi Ritambhara and V H Dalmia. The CBI had appealed against a May 21, 2010 judgment of Allahabad High Court, which agreed with the special judge's decision to drop conspiracy charges against the political leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509240", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan caught with his ex-flames", "text": "He may be doing films with the younger lot and current sensations - Kareena, Katrina, Priyanka and Deepika, but looks like Shah Rukh Khan can't get over his 'ex-flames'.Flanked by the two beauties and top actresses of the 90's - Madhuri Dixit and Juhi Chawla , Shah Rukh Khan was seen chatting endlessly and entertaining both in equal measure at the 57th Filmfare awards nomination party. He was already sitting with Madhuri and her hubby Sriram Nene when Juhi walked in, and SRK immediately got up to greet her with a warm hug, not once, but twice. But not much affection was felt between the two former arch rivals - Madhuri and Juhi. Both, Shah Rukh and Madhuri were cheering Rekha Bharadwaj with claps and blowing kisses while she was belting out one hit number after the other.But perhaps what health-conscious Madhuri was not enjoying was SRK lighting one ciggy after the other and blowing smoke on people around him. She was caught giving side glances and avoiding the smoke rings he was blowing in the air. Whatever happened to SRK's promise he made around the release of Ra.One of giving up smoking altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519519", "title": "Marathi film explores different aspects of city life", "text": "PUNE: Internationally-acclaimed Iranian director Majid Majidi's loss was young filmmaker Ajay Singh's gain. When Majidi turned down the producers at Nomad Films, they turned to Ajay and his script on two kids set in rural Maharashtra. They collaboration led to 'Khalti Doka Varti Paay' (Upside Down), which was screened at the 10th Pune International Film Festival on Sunday.Ajay's directorial debut, 'Khalti Doka Varti Paay', is based on the hustle-bustle of city life seen through the eyes of a village kid. The film explores the world of two friends - their vision, their simple needs and views of the world around them. The two friends chance upon visiting the city and bring back starkly different experiences and perspectives.Making a film set in rural Maharashtra with an all-Maharashtrian cast was not really a tough job. \"I have done my masters in communication studies from the University of Pune. Throughout my student days and beyond, I had been working on subjects and locations in and around Pune. So, my understanding of the Maharashtrian culture and language has developed over the years. Also, logistically, it worked out perfectly,\" says Ajay.But, searching for his characters, mainly children, was definitely a tough job. \"I travelled around the length and breadth of Maharashtra and auditioned around 3,000 plus children. Finally, I came across Shubham More - who plays the protagonist - in Kalyan. Naivety and innocence come effortlessly to child artistes and that is the essence of my film,\" says Ajay.Ajay, who also wrote the screenplay for the film, says, \"It is impossible for me to work on someone's idea. I can only direct films which come from my story ideas.\" He is currently working on his second project.'Khalti Doka Varti Paay' is competing in the Marathi cinema section of the film festival and will be released soon.('Khalti Doka Varti Paay' will be screened at City Pride R-Deccan at 2.00 pm today.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519604", "title": "A milestone reduced to dumping site", "text": "VARANASI: How will you react if you stumble upon a historical milestone in city that is screaming for recognition? Yes, the milestone of prestigious Grand Trunk Road outside the busy and crowded Cantonment Railway Station is lying neglected. In fact it has become a dumping place for garbage. Notably the authorities responsible to look after it are not aware of the presence of such milestone in the city.The Grand Trunk Road, the foundation of which was laid some 2000 years ago by Mauryans, was modified by Sher Shah Suri in 16th century AD which spanned over 2600 km (1600 miles) across the Indian Subcontinent, Pakistan and Afghanistan for centuries and acted as a major commercial link for most of the northern parts of the country. According to historians, the road had several milestones, sarai or rest houses to facilitate travellers.The solid round pillar that stands on masonry platform is built with bricks and plastered with lime. The letters on the milestone are now badly damaged due to negligence and pasting of posters on it for many years. It is worth mentioning here that apart from carrying a baggage of historical significance, the milestone stands with the evident informations about the road.When TOI contacted Ramesh Chandra Srivastava, assistant engineer, Public Works Department (PWD), he said \"there is no information about the existence, restoration or renovation of such a pillar in the department.\"According to Prof PN Singh, former head of department of Ancient Indian History and Culture (AIHC) and archaeology department, a number of milestones and 'kos minars' were built in the medieval period. The English letters on the milestone suggests that it was built or rebuilt when European travelers, especially Britishers, started coming to the country for trade and commerce purposes.Grand Trunk Road, also known as The Long Walk by European travelers, is one of the oldest, longest and most important roads of South Asia. \"The milestone was never looked upon as architectural impressive structures. It is only when we view the design closely, the real significance emerges,\" says Radhe Shayam, a tea shop owner near the station.According to Chhote, another makeshift stall vendor, the enclosed area near the pillar has been converted into public convenience and dumping area by passengers and locals. It is worth mentioning here that the area where the milestone is situated forms a major part of the ambitious project of building four lane roads under 'Golden Quadrangle'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518373", "title": "HC reserves order on compensation for shrines desecrated in 2002", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court kept its order reserved after arguments were completed on Monday over a PIL demanding financial assistance from the state government for desecrated religious structures in the 2002 riots in the state.An NGO, Islami Relief Committee, Gujarat ( IRCG), had filed a public interest litigation in 2003 seeking HC directions to the government to pay compensation towards damage caused to shrines on the ground that the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had recommended so. Besides, the state government had accepted the recommendations in principle.IRCG's counsel Y H Muchhala said that there were 297 religious places that were damaged during the communal violence. He contended that protecting religious sites is duty of the government looking at the secular structure of the state. Failure to protect them is a breach of fundamental rights, and aggrieved people can demand compensation.Senior counsel Muchhala also argued that NHRC had come up with three reports on this subject on April 4 and May 31, 2002, and finally in an annual report in 2005. The state government had accepted NHRC's recommendations to extend financial assistance to rebuild or repair such structures.However, the Narendra Modi government never tabled these reports in the legislative assembly. The government did also not come up with any reason for non-acceptance of the report as per the provisions of law. Once the state government had accepted recommendations in principle, it should have got the shrines repaired.On the other hand, the government puts the figure of damaged religious structures at 595. But it rebutted the arguments by citing the restriction in the Article 27 on such financial assistance. It also submitted that the policy does not permit extending financial help to religious trusts to rebuild the shrines. The government did not give monitory aid to religious bodies for reconstruction of shrines that were damaged during the earthquake in 2001.After completion of hearing, a bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala reserved its order on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11517069", "title": "DMRC: Traffic diversion blueprint to cut chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: It could take over two years before the Metro station at ITO is complete. And to prevent more gridlocks at the intersection due to construction work, authorities are hammering out a traffic diversion plan.According to traffic police, one lakh vehicles cross ITO everyday and more than 4-5 lakh people use the intersection. With work scheduled to start from April, Delhi Metro officials are trying to put the traffic plan in place after discussions with the police.Officials say the left carriageway on the Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, in the direction of Delhi Gate, will have to be shut, once work begins. \"Since the station is located under Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, the bulk of the construction will be taking place along the left carriageway,\" an official said. Expected diversions are to be on Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg, he said. The traffic going towards Kashmere Gate will be diverted to DDU Marg, from there to Rouse Avenue - the road in front of Hindi Bhawan - which will then come out from the road in front of Bal Bhawan, before flowing back to BSZ Marg.Traffic from the W point of the ITO intersection going towards BSZ Marg will be diverted. Also, vehicles coming from Indraprastha Marg, bound for BSZ, will be diverted via DDU Marg.Delhi Metro, though, is still mulling either diverting traffic, or simply putting in steel planks, like it did at the AIIMS intersection during construction of the HUDA City Centre-Jehangirpuri corridor. A DMRC official said, \"The complexity of the traffic at ITO is like that at AIIMS. We don't want to majorly disturb the traffic flow.\" To ensure this, Delhi Metro has designed all entry and exit points outside the right-of-way of the roads - 60m from the main intersection. \"A large number of traffic marshals will also be put into operation during the construction phase,\" said the DMRC official.Traffic diversions will not only be in place for the station construction, but also for construction of the two new subways that will be coming up on Indraprastha Marg and DDU Marg. During the construction phase, entry to the subway on BSZ Marg will be kept open, said officials. The ITO crossing is used to go to Old Delhi, east Delhi, outer Ring Road as well as south Delhi. Delhi Metro is hoping that the metro station here will impact traffic load significantly, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519365", "title": "Voters' list on PMC website", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) election department has started a helpline for voters and displayed the voters' list with the bifurcation of panel, assembly constituency number and voter number on its official website.In a press statement, the PMC's election office has stated that the voters can find their names and panels on the PMC website link - . Citizens who want information or a clarification, can call on the helpline cellphone number 9225320011.The website has the application form format for suggestions and objections. The office has asked citizens to approach the election officer or the ward officer about election-related complains. The voters will be divided into 76 panels. The final printout of these lists will be done after suggestions and objections. Complaint forms can be submitted in the respective ward offices by 5 pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519792", "title": "MBA grad turns conman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have arrested an MBA graduate for allegedly duping four persons to the tune of Rs 7.2 lakh by posing as a higher education department official. Police nabbed V Rama Krishna, 46, of Amberpet on Sunday. He did his MBA from Delhi University in 1989. After completing his studies, he worked as a marketing executive in various private companies till 2009. It was at this time that Rama felt that his earnings were not sufficient to support his lavish lifestyle.Eventually, he was arrested by the Musheerabad police in a cheque forgery case. After release, Rama started staying at a rented house in Tilaknagar, Nallakunta. During this time, posing as a deputy secretary in the higher education department, he came closer to his neighbour Nirmala Singh's family. Believing that he was an influential official, Nirmala's nephew Ajith Singh introduced one Sammaiah of Langer Houz to Rama Krishna in May 2011.\"Sammaiah, who was desperately seeking a transfer of his wife, a special grade teacher in Karimnagar to Hyderabad, paid Rs 1.2 lakh to Rama Krishna to get the work done,\" DCP, TF, Ch Ramachandar said.Subsequently in October 2011, Nirmala introduced Rama Krishna to her brother-in-law P Raghu Prasad of Zaheerabad. During their conversation, he told Raghu that a few hostel warden posts in the social welfare department were vacant and he could get people recruited for a price of Rs 2 lakh. Raghu, hence, introduced two more candidates, S Vinod and T Vinod, to him. Rama collected a sum of Rs four lakh from them and gave them fake appointment proceedings.In July 2011, Nirmala requested Rama to find an alliance for her daughter Archana Singh. Rama created fictitious marriage alliances for her. He downloaded the photograph of a good looking man from the internet and showed it as a prospective bridegroom from Latur.He then provided two contact numbers purported to be that of the bridegroom and his sister. \"When Nirmala called on both the phone numbers, Rama spoke to her by changing his voice. Subsequently, he took Rs two lakh from Nirmala for marriage expenses in November,\" the DCP said.Believing Rama Krishna, Nirmala fixed the marriage on December 12, 2011. However, Rama suddenly vacated the house and stopped responding to her phone calls. Realising that they were duped, the victims approached the Amberpet police and lodged separate complaints in January 2012. Rama was produced before court and remanded in judicial custody on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11519209", "title": "UP assembly polls: Priyanka ties up loose ends on home turf", "text": "AMETHI: Priyanka Gandhi Vadra spent more than 10 hours meeting workers from Assembly constituencies of family pocket boroughs Amethi and Rae Bareli on Monday.Priyanka was last seen in Amethi more than two years ago during 2009 LS elections. Her absence was forgotten the moment the crowd at the Munshiganj guesthouse caught a glimpse of a smiling and waving Priyanka drive past.On a two-day tour to finalize candidates for Amethi and Rae Bareli, this is one task she has regularly undertaken since 1999 when she debuted here as the star campaigner and election agent of her mother Sonia Gandhi . In 2002 and 2007, she took charge of the Assembly polls and in 2004 and 2009 she pitched in for brother Rahul when he contested the Amethi LS seat.On Monday, hundreds of Congress supporters waited to meet her. \"Now that she is here, everything will be sorted out,\" said Nirmala Devi, a party worker from Gauriganj who led a pack of woman singers at the guesthouse gates.The clamour over Priyanka's initiation into politics seemed to be dying. \"It is her life and her decision. Who are we to suggest,\" Devi said.Priyanka met more than 2,000 workers from four Assembly segments-Gauriganj, Tiloi, Amethi and Jagdishpur. She changed the candidate for Jagdishpur and replaced sitting MLA Ram Sevak Dhobi , nearing 90, with his grandson Radhey Shyam.For Tiloi that Congress lost to SP by a whisker last time, Priyanka retained Mohammad Muslim. After a pep talk from Priyanka, Muslim said he was sure of a better show. \"This election will make up for the loss,\" he said.Amethi MLA Amita Singh was a natural choice for the constituency, having won by 15,000 votes last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bolpur (santiniketan)", "code": "11518529", "title": "Abode of peace a haven for criminals", "text": "BOLPUR (SANTINIKETAN): You won't find any locality called 'Prabasi Palli' ( the non-residents' locality) in Santiniketan. It exists only in official documents of the Santiniketan Sriniketan Development Authority (SSDA).Prabasi Palli, a project of the SSDA, was converted into a sprawling private housing project and renamed about six years ago. It has, in a way, come to symbolize the rest of the town - a settlement of non-residents.A large portion of Santiniketan and its surrounding areas have turned into a \"non-residents' hub\". A number of palatial bungalows and flats that have sprung over the last decade and a half remain vacant throughout the year. Their owners stream in from Kolkata and elsewhere to spend weekends in the serenity of Santiniketan. In Prantik Township, 7 km from Bolpur town, 350 plots were distributed for building houses. Few that have come up remain vacant throughout the year and are left to caretakers.How reliable and dependent are they? \"It has become a matter of concern for us. The caretakers are not so trustworthy any longer. That is why I had to change my caretaker last year,\" said Nabarun Dey, principal of a school in Kolkata. He lives in a bungalow in Baganpara. \"Some of the residents had taken up the security issue with the police but nothing has been done,\" he added. His caretaker Bharat Murmu is a youth from the adjacent Santhal Palli.Baganpara is comparatively a 'safe' place because it is almost within the 'bigger campus' of Visva Bharati and is densely populated. But areas like Prantik, Shyambati and Goalpara are not.A big housing complex promoted by a real estate group in Santiniketan has 178 flats. Only seven to eight remain occupied through the year. The promoters have posted unarmed private security guards at the gates. There is no intercom link between the main gate and the flats. Security persons don't verify whether an outsider is known to the resident. This correspondent was allowed entry once he mentioned the name of a resident, a well-known academician.One Raju Molla, who claimed to be working as a caretaker in a house in Prantik since 1989, said thefts were on the rise of late. \"We had to form a team with some youths to keep vigil in the area,\" Molla said. He himself is now involved in a real estate business.Though Santiniketan is not recognized as a cosmopolitan city, in may ways it has become one. People from different backgrounds have built houses and purchased flats here. They hardly know each other and rarely interact. Few are aware of what's going on inside their neighbours' homes.According to a retired teacher of Visva-Bharati who owns a house in Shyambati, caretakers often allow people to spend time in vacant houses in the absence of their owners.Police claimed there are two camps in Prantik. In one of the outposts near a health centre in Prantik, three constables have been posted in a dilapidated house without fencing. The constables do not have any mode of conveyance. They go around on bicycles at night. There is no telephone connection either. Neither do they have any record of the residents or buildings maps.\"We can't patrol this vast area on a cycle. We use our cell phones to get in touch with the Bolpur police station at night,\" said a constable.Since it very inception n in 1997, SSDA acquired land in four village panchayat areas and the Bolpur municipality area. Around 108 sq km was identified as SSDA land. Apart from numerous small projects, as many as eight big housing projects are either ready or under construction. However, most of the roads in these areas are not metalled and turn inaccessible during the rainy season. There is no street-light in areas like Shaymbati or Goalpara. But it is not the SSDA's responsibility to provide security, the authorities pointed out.Amal Saha, executive officer of SSDA, said, \"At the time of land allotment, we check if it's been legally acquired and to some extent the social compliance. But it is not our concern to provide or look after security arrangements. It is police's responsibility,\" Saha said.Trinamool Congress MP Satabdi Roy agreed that environment in Santiniketan has changed with time. Roy, who is also the chairperson of SSDA, felt more security coverage was required. Roy herself owns a house in Santiniketan.\"Santiniketan was once a place of true peace. But we can't deny that the environment has changed. I admit that security cover is not consistent. We have been pondering over a full-fledged police station for Santiniketan. Apart from this, there should be some high-tech security arrangements for senior citizens to allow them contact police in case of an emergency,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11517855", "title": "Seat-sharing talks between NCP, Congress remain inconclusive", "text": "NASHIK: Seat-sharing talks between the Congress and the NCP for a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls remained inconclusive on Monday, with the Congress staking claim for 71 seats and the NCP advocating that the number of seats to be offered to other allies like the CPM be decided first.During the talks, leaders from the Congress staked claim on 71 of the total 122 seats in the NMC House. In the 2007 municipal polls, when the House comprised 108 members, the Congress and the NCP had gone solo. The Congress had contested on 100 seats and won 21, while the NCP had contested 104 seats and won 17. The Congress was the runner up with 22 seats, while the NCP won 19 seats.Monday's meeting between the two parties was held at the Bhujbal Farm at Nashik. No consensus was reached on the seat-sharing issue as the Congress was firm on 71 seats.Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal, Nashik city chief of NCP Gajanan Shelar, MLC Jaywant Jadhav and Nana Mahale from the NCP were present at the meet. The Congress leaders who participated at the meet included former Congress minister Shobha Bachhav, Nashik city chief of Congress Akash Chhajed, Hemlata Patil and Sharad Aher.\"Today we had a meeting with NCP leaders on the seat-sharing issue ahead of the NMC elections. We have still not reached a consensus over the allocation of seats. The final decision on seat-sharing is expected to be taken in the next two-three days,\" former Congress minister Shobha Bachhav told ToI.When asked what would be the party's agenda for the elections, Bachhav said, \"We have yet to decide our election manifesto. But, our major focus will be on the city's development, corruption-free administration and fearless Nashik.\"In 2007, both the Congress and the NCP had contested elections to NMC on their own. Congress had contested 100 seats, while NCP had contested 104 seats. Of them, Congress and NCP had won 21 and 17 seats, respectively.In 2007, after the polls, both the Congress and the NCP had come together and tried to come to power in the NMC, but had not reached a consensus over the mayoral post. As a result, Independents and other parties had supported the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance in forming the majority in NMC.When contacted, a senior NCP official, who did not want to be identified, said, \"Yes, a meeting on seat-sharing was held today between the Congress and the NCP. We have decided to conduct talks first with our alliance partners like CPM and RPI (Kawade faction) and then distribute seats between both the parties.\"He added that the discussion on Monday had not been very satisfactory. He said that though it was necessary to form a pre-poll alliance for the NMC elections to wrest power from the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, the NCP had enough strength to go solo, felt part officials. He said that the NCP had the capacity to contest on all 122 seats on its own. Sources, however, said that though alliance partners in the central and state governments, the Congress and the NCP were rivals and were targetting the same votebanks and hence were posturing agaisnt each other to get more seats in the pre-poll alliance for the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11519321", "title": "Coming, off-the-shelf arteries, veins", "text": "LONDON: Coming soon: \"Off-the-shelf \" veins and arteries, says an Indian-origin researcher-led team in UK which claims to have for the first time grown all three main types of cells that make up the walls of a blood vessel.Dr Sanjay Sinha and colleagues at Cambridge University say that the breakthrough may pave the way for new livesaving treatments for a range of medical conditions like strokes and heart attacks.In their research, the scientists claim that over the past four years they used patients' own skin cells to produce different types of vascular smooth muscle cells with 90% efficacy, the 'Daily Mail' reported. \"This research represents an important step towards being able to generate the right kind of smooth muscle cells to help construct these new blood vessels,\" Dr Sinha was quoted by the British newspaper as saying.The team says it could potentially create blood vessels in a laboratory environment for surgeons to use in transplant operations instead of undertaking heart bypass treatments. So-called \"test tube\" blood vessels could also be used to treat kidney dialysis patients or trauma victims . Dr Sinha added: \"We are very excited about its potential . They could be used to build an artificial artery in a test tube or the stem cells could be injected straight into the heart and they could form within it.\"A US-based biotechnology firm in California managed to grow whole blood vessels in a lab for the first time last June and implanted them into three kidney dialysis patients. But the Cambridge team says it's the first to grow multiple types which could have more medical uses.\"One type of blood vessel will be not suitable for everything . We are looking at making arteries and now we have the tools to engineer all different types of blood vessels which are appropriate for each patient,\" Dr Sinha said. Experts have hailed the findings published in the 'Nature Biotechnology' journal.Jeremy Pearson, of the British Heart Foundation, said: \"This is very technologically advanced as they have managed to grow more types of cells and there is the potential to scale it up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517459", "title": "Naigaon man missing in Italian shipwreck", "text": "MUMBAI: A Naigaon resident remains the sole crew member unaccounted for after Friday's shipwreck of the Costa Concordia. Around 150 crew of the cruise liner are believed to be from the Mumbai region, most hailing from Vasai.In all, 202 Indians were aboard the multi-storey luxury liner, which ran aground and capsized off Italy's west coast on Friday night, causing 4,200 passengers and crew to battle a midnight horror on dark seas, guided only by the light of a full moon.The small neighbourhood in Naigaon where Russell Terence Rebello (33), the missing crew member, lives, sent up a prayer for his wellbeing. His brother Kevin is in Giglio, the tiny Tuscan island where the incident occurred, hoping for a miracle.\"Their aged parents are extremely distressed by the news,\" said Michael D'Costa, a neighbour at Priscilla Apartment in Dias and Pereira Nagar. \"Russel's father suffered a paralytic stroke a while ago and his mother is ailing as well.\"The Indian ambassador to Italy, Debabrata Saha, told TOI the survivors were being moved to a hotel near the airport and would return home in a few days after their dues were settled.Thane resident Mayur Kadam, a photographer on the ship, said: \"We lost all we had on Friday the 13th. We will not leave until our dues are settled by the company. Never mind our incentives and commission, the least they can do is give us our fixed salary and compensate for the expensive electronic items and fancy clothes we lost.\"He recalled how around 9.45 pm that night, the Concordia began to incline and came to rest at 60 degrees. \"An hour later, we were asked to abandon ship, but we did not know how to leave. We disembarked around 3 am after a fleet of helicopters and ferries arrived to rescue us,\" he said. \"Every embassy except ours took its citizens to safety. We were hungry and shivering. We called Indian officials on Sunday, but they said they would get in touch with us the following day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11518764", "title": "Objective step: UGC-NET no more subjective", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has decided to make the National Eligibility Test (NET) totally objective from this June. With this, the third and the only descriptive paper has been turned objective for the NET aspirants.Welcoming the move , senior university professor in Lucknow University's economics department, Prof Mohd Muzammil shared his experiences related with NET evaluation. ``The centralized system of evaluation was a mammoth task for the UGC officials. To cut down their dependency on the external examiners, the objective system is a good alternative,'' said Prof Muzammil.The exam is held twice a year -- June and December and determines the eligibility for lectureship. Usually, the results for June should ideally be declared in October and those for December in April. But they were delayed further. The proposal for converting subjective paper into objective was put forward by the commission's NET Moderation Committee. It was given a nod by the acting UGC chairman, Prof Ved Prakash at a recent meeting which was attended by eight other members. The Committee had stated that current method of evaluating the third paper is responsible for delaying the overall results.The document further quotes that the new test format, to be started from the test scheduled in June 2012, is aimed at ensuring transparency and timely declaration of results. ``NET aspirants were not very happy with the old pattern as results were delayed. Being objective should serve the purpose better,'' said a UGC member.One of the most sought after exam, nearly seven lakh post-graduate students register for NET. There are no changes in Paper I and Paper II but Paper III earlier, was divided into four sections. The first section comprised of essay type questions that tested a candidate's ability to dwell on a theme at an optimum level. In the second section, there were analytical or evaluative questions which assessed a candidate's ability to reason and hold on argument on the given topic.Then, it was definitional or short answer type questions that tested a candidate's ability to understand and express. The last section was text based questions which looked into a candidate's critical thinking, ability to comprehend and formulate the concepts.Meanwhile, UGC has also stressed on development of question banks to help candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519904", "title": "Srilakshmi to be in jail as SC denies bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a double whammy for IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, the Supreme Court on Monday posted to February 21 her bail application and ensured that she has at least a 35-day stint at Chanchalguda jail even as the CBI made it clear to the apex court that it will file a supplementary chargesheet in the illegal mining case by February 15. CBI sources said Srilakshmi's name is likely to figure in the supplementary chargesheet.A bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad asked additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha appearing for the CBI to ensure that the agency files its chargesheet before February 15 and place a copy before it. Tankha opposed her bail plea on the ground that she was a senior IAS officer and her husband being an IPS officer, there was a possibility of the accused tampering with the evidence and witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11518963", "title": "Inclinometer tests show Jaisalmer Fort under threat from seismic activities", "text": "JAISALMER: Experts have raised concerns over the safety of the historical Sonar Fort of Jaisalmer, as a recent seismic study at the world famous monument has indicated tectonic instability in a section of its foothill.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and the World Monuments Fund (WMF), New York , got three inclinometer tests conducted at the fort in 2011. Even as the fourth test is due in February this year, an analysis done in the UK of the tests conducted so far has reported that earthquake faults have been found at three places in the fort.Jaisalmer district has already been identified to be vulnerable to seismic activities, as the earthquake intensities here may go above 6 on the Richter scale. The earthquakes that occurred in the recent past have caused damages to the fort, which is already in a bad shape due to government neglect. The Geological Survey of India, too, reports of a depression that was formed in a part of the fort.In 2005, the ASI and the New York-based WMF commissioned a consultation firm, Bombay Collaborative Urban Design and Conservation Limited, to prepare a report on the structural, geotechnical and architectural problems of the Jaisalmer fort. As part of this exercise, nine bar-holes were drilled in the fort to study various aspects through an Inclinometer.The tests reports studied in the UK have indicated that the southwest section of the fort has been under stress for many decades. In the past, the ASI made several attempts to stabilize and reconstruct the fort walls in this area. \"The inclinometer testing has shown tectonic movement in this section of the hill and underscores the need for monitoring it on a continuous basis. It is a cause for major concern and measures must be taken to secure this area immediately,\" said SC Deshpande, senior geologist at the firm that has conducted the tests at the fort.The nearly 1000-year-old fort that stands on a high mound is still inhabited by the people. With seepage of water into the mound from the drains, the foundation of the fort seems to have weakened over the centuries, posing a threat to the fort walls. One of the bastions of the fort collapsed a few years ago due to the seepage.Satyajit Ray made a film \" Sonar Kella\" in which the Jaisalmer fort was shown as a 'Golden Fort'. Thereafter, the fort got international acclaim and came to be known as the Sonar Fort.\"Threat to the Jaisalmer Fort's future is not just a conservation issue but also an important public safety concern. The Municipality of Jaisalmer, the ASI and the state government need to act in harmony,\" said Amita Baig, a representative of the World Watch Monument of India.Over the years, 87 of the 469 structures within the fort have already collapsed. In 1995, a portion of the Rani ka Mahal (Queen's Palace)-one of the most significant buildings here-collapsed under the heavy load of its saturated sandstone walls. This was followed by the collapse of two bastions and sections of the lower level pitching wall in 1999 due to unprecedented rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518242", "title": "Will an all-women election observers' team fulfill their duties more conscientiously?", "text": "I'm not sure about that. It is not as if men are inherently corrupt and women are not. However, men by and large are more exposed to corruption than women are as they have been in politics for a longer time. In any case, the system that we have ensures that election observers' powers are minimal.Albertina Almeida, lawyer, TaleigaoAccording to me, there is nothing to suggest that an all womens team shall execute the duties more conscientiously than their male counterparts. This has nothing to do with gender and such a generalization cannot be made. There is no past record that backs this assumption. It depends more on the personalities of the team members.Cleofato Almeida Coutinho, advocate , MargaoYes. It is better to have an all womens team as women tend to look at the rules and regulations more strictly and have a better record of abiding by the rules.Anand Masur, associate professor, MargaoFirstly, being a woman, I would always like to support women in todays men dominated world. I feel women are much more responsible in their duties. They have their certain morals and values due to which they cannot be easily tempted to be corrupt. Thus women will help in conducting fair elections. So, I would say that it's a good decision taken by the government to select women observers.Kartavi Mashelkar, doctor, BicholimYou can follow the debate on www.timesofindia.com at SpeakOut", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11518322", "title": "Mazdoor Sangh to protest 'anti-labour' policies", "text": "YAVATMAL: The 16th Triennial Vidarbha Regional Conference of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh unanimously resolved to launch a nationwide agitation against the anti-labour policy of the central and state governments, said its national president Saji Narayanan in a press conference on Monday afternoon. Narayanan was in the city to inaugurate the triennial conference.Narayanan said that the service conditions for labourers are deteriorating every day and thousands of cases relating to labour laws are pending before legal authorities. He added that all decisions pertaining to labour matters are now decided either by the finance ministry or the commerce ministry which consequently paralysed the very functioning of the labour ministry.He also expressed concern over the state government's decision to replace the existing Essential Services Maintenance Act with Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act 2011 intending to ban the right of strikes by labourers. Asked about his organization's view on the hardships faced by common people during strikes, he said that the strike is the fundamental right of every labourer and they are forced to resort to strike work by those who are reluctant to fulfil their demands.Narayanan said that only 1.9 crore labourers in the country are in government and semi-government sectors while 0.8 crore are in private sector. \"Thirty-five crore labourers are in the unorganized sector and 30 crore are jobless despite the government's claim of rapid growth in all fronts,\" he said.While touching the grave situation prevailing in the agriculture front, Narayanan has said that it is the outcome of the government's wrong policies and added that the ongoing farmers suicide would escalate if immediate remedial measures are not taken.He has further made a dig at the present political leaders by saying that in ancient time, India was globally acclaimed for its great philosophers, scientists, mathematicians and statesmen, the present India is recognized by most corrupt ministers and bureaucrats.BMS has submitted a charter of 19 demands pertaining to the labour issues to the union government. \"We have resolved to organize a massive protest rally at New Delhi on February 28, the opening day of the Union budget, if the government fails to concede our demands,\" he said.The conference has passed five resolutions, namely, revocation of MESMA-2011, ensure service and social security to the workers in the unorganized sector, appointment of Labour Officers at tehsil and district levels, ensure representation to the BMS at all the committees dealing with the matters related to workers and absorb all the contractual labourers into permanent jobs, he further informed.Prominent among others attended the press briefing are Ashok Bhutad, Vasantrao Pimplapure, Vinayak Joshi, Gajanan Vaidya and Suresh Chaudhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11518497", "title": "Family celebrates Lohri for 'princess' Harnadar", "text": "DUGRI: It was double bonanza for the family of Sunder Singh of Dugri as he along with his family members celebrated Lohri for his four-month-old granddaughter Harnadar on Sunday.Jagmohan Singh and Jasbir Kaur, maternal grandparents of the newborn and Jeevan Singh, brother of Sunder Singh had come all the way from USA to attend the event.Whereas Sunder Singh gave the little princess a gold chain, the maternal grandparents of Harnadar gifted her gold earrings. Paternal aunts of the newborn, Jaswinder Kaur, Harwinder Kaur and Parwinder Kaur gifted the little angel with toys and dresses.At the occasion, the family held Sukhmani Sahib Path in the morning, followed by a party at Basant Resorts in the evening. The family also cut a kite-shaped cake to celebrate the festival of harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519100", "title": "Subsidy for auto digital meters", "text": "BANGALORE: The transport department will provide subsidy of Rs 1,000 to autorickshaw owners who install digital meters.Transport minister R Ashoka on Monday said installing a digital meter will cost Rs 2,000 and the government is ready to give Rs 1,000.There are 80,000 autorickshaws plying in Bangalore city alone and the department has made digital meters mandatory to minimize harassment to commuters.A separate RTO has been set up for autos, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "rajabhatkhawa (jalpaiguri)", "code": "11518660", "title": "Illegal safari in core area of tiger reserve", "text": "RAJABHATKHAWA (JALPAIGURI): Has the ban on tourism in Buxa Tiger Reserve (BTR) dampened your spirit? Bother not. If you are ready to compromise with your conscience, all you have to do is to contact the right network that flouts all norms to conduct 'safari' in the core area of the reserve.A private tour operator based in Rajabhatkhawa - the entry point to the core area - conducts tours to the interior of the forest. One just needs to get an accommodation in the WBFDC tourist lodge (that also permits one to go for a safari in the buffer zone) and book a car for Rs 2,000. Add to it Rs 20 per person - for the \"outsider's gate pass\" to reach the villages inside BTR and you will be taken into the core area by the \"guide\".A K Raha, principal chief conservator of forests and the head of forest force in the state, said permission is granted only to those who board at WBFDC lodge, but they are not allowed to the 'core' area. This just proves that the attempt of the forest department to conserve tiger is half-hearted and there are major loopholes, said an activist. The main objective of conservation is being diluted in the name of eco-tourism since more than 1,500 tourists go for safari in BTR each year. The number stood at close to 30,000 before the \"inconsistent\" ban that came into effect on September 16, 2010.Also, it has been made mandatory that one forest guard should accompany each car. But a reality check proves all these guidelines have been shoved to the back burner in favour of a good \"business\".Your safari will start from the BTR entry point, the car will take you a few kilometers along the Buxa Feeder Road. Then it will turn left, take a broken, muddy path and enter the dense forest. If you are lucky, you could spot leopard, gaur, cheetal or wild boar. You can also expect a herd of elephants blocking your way. But if you are a keen observer, then you are sure to spot some exotic birds and rare orchids. At places, the forest is so dense that darkness will leave you blinded. So remain assured even if you can't spot any animal, that eerie feeling in the wild will send shiver down your spine.The safari will take you to the Dima river, where the driver will allow you to get off the car and take a \"close look\" at the forest. The vast stretch with mountains in the backdrop will catch your imagination. But this halt is not the end of your tour.\"When the tourists insist, I take them to core areas like 23 Mile Road, Garam watch tower, Narathali Lake, Chuniajhora and also to interior parts of Jainti,\" the tour operator said. And if you want to go to 26 mile and enjoy a night safari, even that is possible if you have a little 'contact' in the forest department. However, Raha claimed night safari has been banned completely in BTR.According to a source in the government who knows the ins &amp; outs of BTR, the operator works in connivance with the forest department officials. \"How can one conduct such tours month after month without the knowledge of the forest officials?\" he wondered.When asked a forest guard posted at the check-post of BTR, he washed off his hands saying, \"This operator claims to have permission from the senior officials. We come from outside for work. These are all local people. They threat us with consequences if we try to tackle them by force.\"Forest minister Hiten Barman sounded concerned when informed about the racket. \"I will look into the matter immediately and if any forest official found violating the law, strong action will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11519775", "title": "Punjab polls: Vigilance Bureau reacts strongly to Cong complaint", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Punjab vigilance official S S Mand's transfer as an election observer to Uttarakhand, the state Congress has now trained its guns on vigilance director S S Saini. It wants Saini transferred out of state. In its response, the VB has decided to go on the offensive, accusing state Congress president Amarinder Singh of making \"sweeping and absurd\" charges.In a complaint dated January 11, Amarinder had claimed that his party had \"reliable and authentic information\" that official machinery of Vigilance Bureau was \"flagrantly being misused for ferrying huge amounts of money for bribing the voters for SAD-BJP ruling party alliance\". The complaint also alleged that some instances of \"such misuse at the behest of Parkash Singh Badal, Sukhbir Badal and on the instructions of S S Saini have been reported from Amritsar district\".In a reply, which has been now forwarded to the election commission, Saini has retorted that the complainant is accused in corruption cases registered with the bureau \"and has chosen to attempt to misuse the electoral process by levelling allegations against the agency dealing with his corruption cases\".The letter also made a mention of Mand's transfer and the fact that it was given the colour of a punishment posting, though he was given the task of an election observer. He suggested that if he was found guilty then strict penal action, and not mere transfer, was the right course of action, but \"if the complainant is found to be making false allegations then strictest possible action should be considered against him\".In an ironic twist, Saini has also quoted parts of an \"outstanding report\" given to him by then chief minister Amarinder Singh, which describes Saini as \"highly intelligent and loyal\". His concluding remarks - \".... After 30 years of service, I would not like to take lessons in integrity from any accused, least of all, an accused in corruption cases.\"\"The reply has been forwarded to EC and we will wait for their direction,\" CEO Kusumjit Sidhu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518682", "title": "SC refuses to cancel Azamgarh MP\u2019s bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a petition seeking cancellation of bail to BJP MP from Azamgarh Ramakant Yadav in a 2009 murder case.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar rejected the petition filed by Maulana Mohd Amir Rashadi, president of Rashtriya Ulema Council, who had sought cancellation of Yadav's bail on the ground that the MP and his men had threatened him of dire consequences for filing the petition.It was alleged that Yadav and his men attacked Rashadi's convoy on August 12, 2009, when they were proceeding towards a public meeting venue in Phoolpur in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh. Yadav was arrested on August 24, 2009 and a chargesheet was filed on July 15, 2010 accusing him and three others of murdering a supporter of Rashadi. The Allahabad HC had granted conditional bail to Yadav on August 6, 2010.Rejecting Rashadi's appeal, the bench said though there were many cases against Yadav, in most he had been acquitted. Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"The fact that Yadav was in jail since August 24, 2009, the trial has commenced by examining the two witnesses on the side of the prosecution and the assurance by the state that trial will not be prolonged and conclude within a reasonable time and also the fact that the HC while granting bail has imposed several conditions for strict adherence during the period of bail, we are not inclined to interfere with the order of the HC.\"He added, \"We direct the trial court to complete the trial within a period of four months without unnecessary adjournments.\" The bench told the petitioner that if he received any threat from the accused, he was free to move the trial court for cancellation of bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11518439", "title": "NAC draws up plan for shelters for over 3 lakh urban homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council has recommended a Rs 4,250 crore programme to provide shelters and other amenities to homeless in Class 1 cities in the country.The council has suggested the National Programme for Shelters and Other Services for Urban Homeless to set up 6,800 permanent shelters for around 3 lakh homeless - 15% of the estimated population of people living in the open across urban India.The council, moving further with its 'rights framework' based programmes, has suggested that the scheme be run on a 75-25% cost sharing basis between the Centre and states with the Union government bearing the entire capital costs.The government's think tank has recommended that all 499 one lakh-plus cities be fully covered under the 12th Five-Year Plan with the scheme becoming completely operational by the third year of the plan, covering 15% of the overall homeless population which is 1% of the total urban population.But keeping in mind the model code of conduct, which is in force due to the assembly elections in five states, the council has decided not to make an official announcement of its recommendations as it usually does.The shelters are to be built after preparing a city plan to ensure these are built near areas where the homeless are concentrated and using new and existing infrastructure.The council said the shelters, unlike most of the current ones, should include amenities such as beds and bedding, toilets, drinking water, lockers, first aid, primary health, de-addiction and recreation facilities.The council recommended setting up a Special Mission for the Urban Homeless at the state level headed by the chief secretary and a city level committee to oversee the work. It recommended that the shelters could be run by civil society organizations as well as public or private sector companies on a bidding basis.Homeless people, the council suggested, regardless of whether they stayed in the shelters or not, should be automatically entitled to BPL identification, PDS ration cards, bank or post office accounts, admission to government schools and to hospitals free of cost without the need of any other documents.In a suggestion meant to ensure that the shelters don't become the end objective either for the homeless or the state, the NAC also suggested that under the programme, state government and urban bodies would be duty-bound to attempt to assist all homeless residents of shelters to move to higher levels of housing such as working men's hostels, working women's hostels, old persons' homes or affordable individual housing.The council suggested that the homeless should get priority in social and public housing schemes such as Rajiv Awas Yojana or any other government programme preferably within three years of initial entry into shelters, or application, whichever is earlier.The council is keen to get the scheme implemented in view of the abject failure of states to set up shelters despite Supreme Court orders and constant monitoring.The apex court commissioners' report had noted that only three states, including Delhi, had achieved more than half their mandated target of shelters and some had even willfully disobeyed the court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517987", "title": "Residents can move court if utilities are denied", "text": "GURGAON: It's common knowledge how residents asking for basic services are often taken for a ride by the various private and government agencies. Getting a road repaired in your area, or a garbage dump removed, is a difficult task.One has to make endless rounds of government or private offices, and even then the authorities are unlikely to respond. Not anymore. Now the residents of Gurgaon can take recourse to the law. According to deputy commissioner P C Meena, residents who are harassed by any government or private agency for basic services like road repair, sewerage or water, can file a case in the SDM court under Section 133 of the CrPC.Speaking at a meeting of the District Road Safety Committee, Meena said, \"There is a provision under Section 133 of the CrPC under which an aggrieved person can file a case in the court of the SDM concerned who would issue a 'Conditional Order', preferably on the same day, asking the agency to complete the work within a specified time limit.\"If the agency fails to deliver, the SDM can issue an 'Absolute Order', prior to lodging an FIR against the officials concerned, Meena added. \"Such cases can also be filed against government agencies such as HUDA, Municipal Corporation Gurgaon (MCG), National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) and Public Works Department, among others,\" said Meena.One who wants to file a case in the SDM court need not hire the services of a lawyer. \"He only has to make an application in the SDM court about the broken roads, non-functional sewerage or water supply facilities or any other complaint, and action will be taken,\"said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11518562", "title": "Students keen on aviation, journalism", "text": "BHOPAL: The one-day career fair organised by the Maharani Laxmi Bai PG Girls College on Monday failed to generate any enthusiasm among the students.The students who turned up showed keen interest for aviation, journalism and software industry.Asked, the reason of low turn-out of students for the self-employment schemes, assistant director of District Trade and Industry Centre, Tarun Kumar said that students were more interested in job opportunities than self-employment.\"They are studying in college. Their low-turn to the self-employment schemes was because of their lack of awareness about several schemes which we are running,\" Kumar said.In the fair, most of the students went to the stalls of aviation companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11518973", "title": "Schoolkids freeze", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most city schools ended their winter break on January 2. However, winter did not keep pace with their plans and started showing its full strength from January 8 when minimum temperature was 9 degrees celsius, which fell to 4.6 degrees on January 12.Schools like Carmel Convent, Sector 9; St John's High School, Sector 26, and Sacred Heart, reopened on January 11 and 12, when the minimum temperature was at its lowest. Even now, government and private schools are functioning in spite of the cold weather. Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV School, Sector 15, said, \"Weather conditions worsened on Monday and students of junior classes were allowed to arrive late. Timings of other classes have also been extended by half an hour. Further, if the administration asks us to close, we will abide by its orders. We obey the orders of director (public instruction). If weather conditions worsen further, I will talk to the DPI myself. Exams are nearing, so it is not possible to close schools.\" DPI Sandeep Hans said, \"There is no demand from students' parents or schools for closure due to bad weather. No one knows for how long the weather will remain the same and with exams nearing, schools would not wish to shutdown without completing syllabi. Moreover, I feel it is not so cold and children can easily tolerate the weather.\" On the other hand H S Mamik, president of Independent School's Association and director of Vivek High School in Sector 38, said, \"We are not going to change anything due to weather. The weather is bad not just at school but also at home. We need to teach children discipline and not go by weather.\"Director of Strawberry Fields World School Atul Khanna said, \"The weather is unpredictable. We will look at its consistency and then decide. We do not plan any extension in school timing or vacations.\"A spokesperson from Carmel Convent School said, \"Principal Sister Maria Swati will have to discuss it with other schools before taking the decision.\"A teacher from a private school said, \"Even we as grownups we find it hard to deal with the cold. It must be tougher for kids. There are children who come from faraway places and wait at bus stops early in the morning. But the decision is in administration or school management's hand.\"On January 2, all 107 government schools opened with no change in timings. It was on January 9 that administration decided to extend the timings by half an hour. The main sufferers in this remained children and their parents. As a result, number of students taking leave increasedOn January 11, DAV Public School in Sector 15, St John's High School in Sector 26 and Carmel Convent School in Sector 9 opened. They were followed by Sacred Heart School and St Kabir School in Sector 26, which started holding classes on January 12. Out of these schools, only St Kabir and DAV School changed timingsMost private schools, including Strawberry Fields World School in Sector 26, Vivek High School, Sector 38, St Xavier's School, Sector 44, and Gurukul Global School, Manimajra, reopened on January 16 with timings remaining the same", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521593", "title": "Deeksha moves on", "text": "The actress speaks about her dismal debut flick and working in Vettai MannanShe didn't make her entry into K-Town with a bang, but the Rajapattai girl has no regrets. \"I think Rajapattai was a good debut. It's not every day that debutants get to work with such an amazing actor and director. The fate at the box office is in no one's hands. But it was a good learning experience,\" says Deeksha Seth.Quiz her on the promos of the film featuring predominantly Shriya Saran and Reemma Sen with Vikram, and she says, \"Both Shriya Saran and Reemma Sen are established actresses and are well-known in Kollywood. So, it was a good marketing strategy. As for me, I am yet to make my mark in the Tamil film industry.\"She has signed on two more films - Vettai Mannan and a bilingual. But isn't the delay in the film shoot bothering her? \"I have completed my first schedule for Vettai Mannan in April 2011. We'll shoot for the movie in February again. But delays are a part of this profession.\"Deeksha says that in the film, which also stars Hansika, her (Deeksha's) own screen presence is not as much. \"When the script was narrated by director Nelson, I learnt that I do play the heroine per say and Simbu's love interest in the film. But I won't be seen all throughout the film. I liked my role the same - that of a fun, cute girl who works in a BPO. Although the buzz is that there are about eight to ten scenes of mine in the film, I don't think that really is the case. There will be more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517735", "title": "Ortho hospital opening soon", "text": "PATNA: Dr P P Kotwal, head of department, orthopaedics, AIIMS, New Delhi, who was here on Monday to review the work of the Ortho super-speciality hospital at Rajbanshinagar, expressed his satisfaction over the progress of the hospital.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, said all preparatory works had been completed at the hospital and it would be formally inaugurated shortly. Hip replacement and other major surgeries were already being performed at the hospital and soon facilities of knee replacement would be available. Postings of doctors, consultants and nurses had been done at the hospital, he said adding 140 posts of doctors had been sanctioned for the hospital. Soon, an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) would be set up and equipment for conducting digital x-ray would be installed, he added.Sinha said that 25-30 operations are performed daily at the hospital and 500 patients examined at the OPD everyday. The proposed 60-bed hospital is already functioning with 25 beds.An MoU would be signed shortly with AIIMS with regard to the Rajbanshinagar hospital and the Rajendranagar eye hospital to develop them as model hospitals, Sinha said and added cataract operations were already being performed at the Rajendranagar hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11518277", "title": "Kidnapped Panaji girl rescued in Dharwad", "text": "A Panaji police team arrived in Goa from Dharwad-Karnataka on Monday with Rasul Shaikh who had allegedly kidnapped a 14-year-old girl from Panaji on January 7. The girl has been rescued by the Dharwad police.The police team had left for Dharwad on Sunday evening. The father of the girl had complained to the Panaji police that his daughter had been kidnapped by accused Shaikh, in connivance with his mother Halima Shaikh and brother Hazrat Shaikh, who are residents of Bhatlem.Two women held in Mumbai for Bicholim theft: The Bicholim police on Monday arrested two women in Mumbai in connection with a case of jewellery theft at Bicholim recently. According to the Bicholim police, the two women, originally from Aldona, had earlier committed the theft in a jewellery shop belonging to one Jayesh Vernekar at the Bicholim market. The women were filmed by a CCTV camera while taking away a gold chain worth 70,000. Later, the CCTV footage was shown on several local TV channels after which the police found that the duo were seen in a hotel at Baga. Based on a mobile phone number, police traced the duo to Mumbai. The duo were identified as Preeti Vijay Paul and her mother Anju Vijay Paul. The police are further investigating the case. The police team led by PSI Ditendra Naik went to Mumbai and nabbed the women and also recovered the golden chain.Pedestrian dies in Tilamol truck mishap: A 50-year-old pedestrian, Ashok Parulekar, resident of Taki, Shivnagar, Quepem, died after coming under the rear wheels of a truck at Tilamol, on Monday evening. The truck was proceeding from Tilamol to Rivona. A severely injured Parulekar was rushed to the primary health centre, Cacora, and later shifted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, but he died on the way, police sources said. Quepem police have registered an offence against the driver of the truck. Last week, Tipu Karimsab Mulla, 37, who was riding pillion on a motorcycle, died in an accident involving a mining truck at the same spot.One killed in Verna bike crash: Sanford Nelson Pereira, 21, died after a bike he was riding dashed against a van coming in the opposite direction on the Verna highway on Monday morning. Pereira, a resident of Loyola Vaddo, Utorda, was going towards Margao from Verna. When he reached near the Mahindra showroom, he tried to overtake a container trolley but failed to notice the van coming from the opposite direction. The victim was immediately rushed to Hospicio hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. The Verna police are searching for the driver of the van who fled from the site.Metrology dept raids Margao stall: The legal metrology department raided a stall selling induction cookers and other items at a sales exhibition at BPS club, Margao, on Monday, and seized goods worth over 40,000. Sources said that the raid was conducted after GOACAN volunteers complained to the legal metrology department that induction cookers, money counting machines and fake currency detectors were being sold at a stall in the exhibition that bore no mandatory information labels and without issuing proper bills of purchase. On conducting inquiries with persons manning the stall, the staff of the legal metrology department gathered that the items being sold were of China-make and that those didn't conform to standards. Eight induction cookers worth 40,000 were seized during the operation, sources said.Ravanfond shop catches fire: A shop located at Ravanfond, Margao, dealing in tiles, caught fire late Monday evening causing loss of goods worth over one lakh. Sources in the fire and emergency services informed that the shop was rented out to one Ghanashyam Mali. Mali had closed his shop for the day when the incident occurred. Cash and other goods stored in the shop were gutted in the fire, it was informed.Restricted water supply:There will be restricted water supply to Tivim, Mapusa, Siolim, part of Calangute and Porvorim on January 17 and 18 due a proposed shutdown for replacing a 350mm sluice valve at Assagao, repair of GLR at Mapusa and other works, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Maha Gyan Yagna begins in Panaji: The Maha Gyan Yagna about Sri Hanuman Chalisa began at Panjim Gymkhana grounds, Campal-Panaji, on Monday evening with a discourse by Pooja Swami Swaroopananda. Organized by the Panaji centre of Chinmaya Mission, the week-long event will continue till January 22 an will be conducted between 6.30pm and 8pm. \"The Hanuman Chalisa, written by Goswani Tulsidas in the 16th centuray, is a moving devotional poem which helps to remove sorrow and give inner peace,\" said Shrinivas Dempo, president of Chinmaya Mission, Goa. Swami Swaroopananda is a spiritual leader of Chinmaya Mission, Australia, and has conducted more than 100 Gyan Yagnas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11517121", "title": "4 more sentenced to 10 yrs RI for 2008 SU rape", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Four more accused persons were sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment in the much-hyped Sambalpur University gang rape case, by a fast track court in the town on Monday.A first year MCA student of the varsity was raped by three groups at three different places on the night of February 23, 2008. Ten persons have been arrested for the crime so far and police have registered three cases pertaining to the incident.\"The ADJ (first track) found the accused persons guilty after examining 15 witnesses and documentary evidence and pronounced the judgment in the open court on Monday,\" said Bajendra Panda, additional prosecutor of the first track court.Sources said, while pronouncing the judgment in the open court on Monday, ADJ (first track) Ashok Panda convicted Balaram Adzed, Sunil Patnaik and Abinash Suren u/s 372(2) (g), sentencing them to 10 years rigorous imprisonment, along with a fine of Rs 3,000 each and two months of jail in case of the non-realization of the fine amount from them.The prime accused in the case, Sachin Sharma, was convicted u/s 376(2) (g) and 366 IPC and sentenced to three years additional imprisonment and Rs 2,000 fine, along with the 10-year imprisonment with a fine of Rs 5,000, which is to be run concurrently. He will undergo three months additional imprisonment in case of non-realization of the fine amount from him.Earlier, court had convicted five accused persons in the incident on Friday, disposing of two cases. The court convicted Sanjit Behera, Kapilash Senapati, Md Anwar, Sayad Munir and Abdul Arman, sentencing them to 10 years rigorous imprisonment on Friday, Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11517938", "title": "Drizzle brings down city temperatures", "text": "GURGAON: It drizzled in the city early on Monday, bringing the temperature considerably down. The maximum temperature recorded was 18.9 degrees Celsius, over one degree lower than Delhi's 20.3 degrees celsius. The Meteorological department said they had not received the minimum temperature for the day whereas it was 10.5 degrees celsius in Delhi. The Met department attributed the light rain to western disturbance over the northern states.The days ahead are expected to be brighter as the disturbance has already passed. The same caused snowfall in several northern states as well. Residents, especially schoolchildren, were caught unawares after a bright and warm weekend, as schools reopened after the winter vacation.\"The past week was warm and we were glad the winter might be receding. The overcast sky was a surprise for children who were back to school on Monday. It's difficult for small children to adjust to sudden changes in temperature,\" said Dr Preeti Sharma, a resident of Sector 23, whose six-year-old daughter also went to her school on Monday.The cold also brought back discomfort for the elderly with the sun playing hide-and-seek and cold winds blowing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11517374", "title": "TN ranks low in education study but catching up on reading, writing", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu ranks low in basic reading and arithmetic skills, but the good news is it is among the few states that has shown marginal improvement on both fronts since last year.The Annual Status of Education Report released by Pratham Foundation on Monday showed that among the southern states, only TN is in the red when it comes to reading levels. Less than 30% of Class 3 children in TN can read portions of a Class 1 text as compared to more than 60% in Kerala, 51% to 60% in Andhra Pradesh and between 41% and 50% of children in Karnataka. However, the basic reading levels in the state have improved since 2010.\"Although the proportion of children able to read a Class 1 text remains low in absolute terms at every class in Tamil Nadu, the levels appear to be rising slowly year after year,\" the report said. The report added that states that showed an improvement also showed that children's attendance, teacher attendance, and the proportion of multigrade classrooms were largely unchanged or have improved and remain at high levels, suggesting a relationship between these factors.Among other positives for TN are high levels of enrolment in schools (over 99%) and rise in use of computers in upper primary schools. Unlike most states, TN also shows improvements in arithmetic skill, which is measured in terms of the proportion of class III children who can solve a two-digit subtraction problem with borrowing.This year's report also vindicates officials who proposed and spearheaded the implementation of the activity-based learning methodology in the state. While TN claims to have achieved success in improving reading and arithmetic skills through ABL methods, Pratham refuted such claims in previous years. The state, however, continued to insist that the programme's success would be evident only after at least five years.The 2011 report said, \"In Tamil Nadu the SSA (Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan) provided leadership for about four years to establish ABL. The primary goal of ABL is not improvement of reading, which may be an outcome of an overall change in pedagogy that allows children to learn at their own pace. Hence a slower pace may be expected.\"The state has also improved its pupil-teacher ratio since 2010. While 53% of schools did not meet the pupil-teacher ratio according to the Right To Education Act in 2010, the number fell to 47.8% in 2011. However, on RTE norms for facilities, the state has fared worse this year on number of schools with playgrounds or boundary walls; availability of drinking water in schools, availability of teaching learning materials and books.Former head of the SSA in the state, M P Vijayajumar, said, \"We need to do a lot more. While the NCERT has been saying our Class 7 and 8 grades have been poor for a long time, NASSCOM studies show the lack of employability of our graduates. The comprehension levels of our students are also poor. They lack in thinking and social skills. But the active learning methodology (an extension of ABL for upper primary classes) incorporates all this in its execution. In another five years Tamil Nadu will show where we truly stand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517759", "title": "CM orders probe into custodial death", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , away in Madhubani on 'Seva Yatra', has ordered an inquiry into the alleged custodial death of a youth in Nawada and subsequent violence against it.The inquiry will be conducted by principal secretary (home) Amir Subhani and ADG (HQ) Ravindra Kumar. They will visit Nawada on Tuesday, official sources said.On Sunday, civic unrest prevailed in Nawada when the body of a hand pump mechanic, Manoj Yadav, was found near the Nawada-Kiul rail track. Yadav was in the custody of Town police station in connection with a case of theft.The angry mob indulged in violence near the residence of the DM, thrashed a cop and set afire his motorcycle. The deceased's relatives alleged Yadav was tortured and given electric shock in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11517438", "title": "Patrawala verdict likely tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Sessions court judge S A Deshmukh is likely to pronounce his verdict in the murder case of 16-year-old Adnan Patrawala on Wednesday, five years after he was allegedly murdered by his friends.On August 19, 2007, Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajeev Dharaiya and Amit Kausha, all currently aged between 25 and 31, and an under-18 boy allegedly kidnapped Patrawala, son of a businessman in Andheri. They allegedly strangled Patrawala to death in Navi Mumbai after their plan to extort Rs 2 crore as ransom went awry and the police got wind of the kidnapping. Patrawala's body was found in his car at Palm Beach Road in Vashi.The prosecution examined about 25 witnesses. Charges were framed against the youths in June 2009. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said there was strong circumstantial evidence against the accused. \"The case rests on circumstantial evidence. The victim was last seen in the company of the accused. Moreover, one of the accused had told the police where they dumped Patrawala's body.\"However, the defence said there were several lapses in the investigation. Maintaining that the accused were innocent, Nair's advocate Ashish Chavan said, \"The entire chain of circumstance is required to establish that the evidence is of believable and cogent nature and this is lacking. Hence, the prosecution has failed to prove the case beyond the shadow of reasonable doubt.\"An important prosecution witness is a man who saw the accused putting Patrawala in the car in a very drowsy condition on August 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519586", "title": "Creative minds blur age divide", "text": "PUNE: \"All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up,\" Pablo Picasso once said. But the ten children-finalists of The Times Cartoon Contest-who met one of India's greatest cartoonists R K Laxman at his Pune residence on Sunday are determined to take that plunge into the world of professional art. Their determination to succeed was reflected in their work and their interaction with the cartoonist who made the Common Man a part of India's fabric.It was an inspiring meeting, one where the age divide simply melted away: Students who have grown up in a world of smart phones and social media said their meeting with Laxman has inspired them to do better... to reach for the stars.Eleven-year-old Khushi K Kothari, who is currently training for the Elementary Intermediate drawing exam, stood first in her age-group (8-12-years ). \"I have always loved painting. I have been drawing since I was in the third grade. Bagging the top spot in the competition will help me get into a prominent art school in the future. R K Laxman is one of the greatest cartoonists and having him choose my painting over others makes me incredibly happy ,\" said Kothari. That she was selected as a winner has given her much-need boost to her confidence levels. \"When I made the painting, I felt it was not good enough to win this competition. I no longer doubt my ability to win,\" she added.Nishant Shah, who stood second in this category, said that meeting the veteran cartoonist had always been a longcherished dream of his. \"I am very happy today. Though drawing is a passion for me, I never thought I would win this competition,\" said Shah.The-11-year-old had sketched a clever political comment showing the Indian prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram chasing anti-corruption crusader , Anna Hazare. Though Shah wants to be a surgeon as an adult, he said he will continue to draw even when he becomes a surgeon. \"Sketching is my passion and I will pursue it for the rest of my life,\" he said.Bagging the third place, Tejas Golatkar said his meeting with Laxman has only fuelled his desire to become a cartoonist. \"I was not sure whether I wanted to be a professional cartoonist . But the meeting with R K Laxman made me realize that I was meant to be a cartoonist. He is a great inspiration ,\" said Golatkar. \"He observed my sketch for a considerable amount of time. I felt that he had something to tell me.\"For Rutuja Sawant (14), who stood second in the 13-15 age-group , it was an emotional meeting. \"I was overjoyed . It was also a deeply moving experience for me, for he seemed a little frail,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11517188", "title": "'Harassed' officer alleges cop inaction against hubby", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An Odisha Forest Service (OFS) officer on Monday filed a fresh petition at the state commission for women (SCW), alleging police inaction into her complaint against her estranged husband, who is an Odisha Administrative Officer (OAS).Sasmita Lenka, an assistant conservator of forests in the city forest division, alleged that her husband, Debi Prasad Mohanty, a block development officer in Balasore district, was taking advantage of the situation to intimidate her frequently and was maligning her character by uploading misinformation about her on the internet.Lenka, a resident of Bhubaneswar's Unit IV area, had filed the first petition on December 15. \"Despite my approaching the SCW on December 15 and filing an FIR at Mahila police station on December 20, no action was taken to redress my grievances,\" she said.The petitioner said she had married Mohanty in a court in 2009 and as per Hindu rituals in 2011. However, the marriage was tumultuous within days of the formal procedure.The government servant said that Mohanty and his associates had threatened to kill her if she didn't agree with his proposal of divorce in December 2011. She also accused Mohanty of dowry torture, cruelty, impersonation as IPS officer, cheating and mischief. \"He posed as in IPS officer when we first met in Dehradun in 2008,\" she said.Lenka said Mohanty was now posing an unmarried man and trying to marry another woman. \"I am now in great agony and my life is endangered. I am a responsible government officer but am too disturbed at present to discharge my duties,\" she added.Pleading for justice, Lenka requested the SCW to direct the authorities concerned to arrest the accused and take necessary action.SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi said the commission was acting on her complaint by following due procedure. \"We got a second petition from Sasmita Lenka on Monday. The commission will seek an action taken report from the police and also summon her husband soon,\" she said. Police said they have launched a manhunt to arrest the accused and are investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521872", "title": "'Dhobi Ghat' makes it to BAFTA longlist", "text": "Will Aamir Khan's Dhobi Ghat make it to the top five in the foreign films category of the forthcoming BAFTA awards nomination list?Kiran Rao's directorial debut `Dhobi Ghat' was voted to the long list of 15 films by members of the academy in the foreign films category.Some of the other films competing with Dhobi Ghat include As If I was Not There, The Skin I live In, Little White Lies, and The Boy Mir- Ten Years in Afghanistan .Dhobi Ghat, directed by Khan's wife Kiran Rao stars Aamir Khan , Prateik Babbar, Monica Dogra and Kriti Malhotra. Khan plays an artist in the film. The music is composed by Gustavo Santaolalla.It is not the first time that an Indian film has been part of BAFTA awards. Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Devdas, Ashutosh Gowariker's Jodha Akbar and Lagaan were also nominated in the foreign film category . But the only two Indians who won the BAFTA are sound engineer Resul Pookutty and composer AR Rahman for Slumdog Millionaire.With 285 films entered this year, the first round of voting reduced the list of eligible films to 15 in each category. The top five nominations for all the 20 categories will be announced on January 17 .The winners will be announced at the Orange British Academy Film Awards on February 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518170", "title": "160 hospitals get fire department notices", "text": "NAGPUR: As many as 160 hospitals in the city are fire accidents waiting to happen, reveals a preliminary inspection carried out by the fire and emergency services department.A senior fire official told TOI that as of now, only 74 of 641 registered private hospitals in city have a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the department. After the fire at Care Hospital in Ramdaspeth, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had issued directives to the department to carry out inspections at private hospitals and find out whether they are following all fire safety norms or not. There was no loss of life in the Care Hospital fire.Subsequently, in first phase of their inspections, officials from eight fire stations - Civil Lines, Cotton Market, Lakadganj, Kalamna, Sugat Nagar, Sakkardara, Narendra Nagar and Satranjipura carried out inspections and shortlisted as many as 160 hospitals flouting fire safety norms.Most of the hospitals are sitauted in Dhantoli, Sakkardara and Laxmi Nagar areas areas. According to statistics of the health department, of the 641 hospitals in the city, 179 are in Laxmi Nagar zone, 39 in Dharampeth, 39 in Hanuman Nagar, 72 in Dhantoli, 74 in Nehru Nagar, 66 in Gandhibagh, 10 in Satranjipura, 32 in Lakadganj, 38 in Ashi Nagar and 62 in Mangalwari zone.Apart from these 611, there are 30 other hospitals which are located on the border of two zones and have not been included in any zone.Of the 641 hospitals, the 160 institutions not having fire department's NOC have been issued notices.Meanwhile, the state government has issued directives to the civic chief to carry out fire safety inspections in private hospitals (above 15 metres in height and having a minimum capacity of 50 beds). On Monday, the municipal commissioner has convened a meeting in this regard with officials from town planning, fire, health and town planning departments.CFO Naeem Khan, deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir, Dr Savita Meshram, deputy engineer (town planning department) R S Bhute were among the officials who attended the meet.He has also formed a three-member committee headed by the CFO N Khan, Narendra Nagar fire station officer Rajendra Uchake and deputy engineer (town planning department) RS Bhute to carry out inspection of 34 such hospitals. The fire department has been asked to prepare a detailed report and submit it with the urban development department within three months.Jaiswal also directed the health department not to issue licences to hospitals unless they obtained NOCs from town planning and fire departments. Sources said that the civic body will have to relax fire safety norms for private hospitals as taking stern action would mean closure of many hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521794", "title": "Aman Verma &amp; Shonal Rawat at an award function", "text": "Television actor Aman Verma and former model Shonal Rawat were in town for an awards function that felicitated top retail brands in a gala extravaganza.Popular city models walked the ramp to display latest trends from leading fashion brands of the country. Parthiv Gohil of \"Saawariya\" fame also enthralled the audience by singing popular Bollywood numbers.At the event, we spotted actors Arindam Sil and Arjun Chakraborty having a good time. At one point of time, Shonal also joined the models on the stage. The former model looked resplendent in a short red dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518490", "title": "Three died on Sunday during Uttarayan revelry", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three people died on Sunday during Uttarayan festivity, taking the total death toll of this year to seven. Officials said that all the deaths were caused due to fall from rooftops.According to city police officials, Hitesh Parmar, 33, a resident of Pooja Flats near Visat in Chandkheda, was flying kite on the second floor terrace at 3.30 pm on Sunday when his leg slipped and he fell. He sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. It has been registered as accidental death by Chandkheda police.In another incident, Harish Vaghela, 27, a resident of Vaghela Society in Jodhpur, Satellite, slipped and fell from his third floor flat at 11.30 pm on Saturday, while flying kite. He was rushed to a private hospital where he died at 2.25 am on Sunday.A three-year old girl died after falling from a roof. According to Khokhra police officials, Hiral Solanki, a resident of CTM, was playing on the roof whereas her brother was flying kites. As she was trying to get down the roof, she fell off the edge. She died on the spot at 6.15 pm.According to Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services officials and EMRI 108 paramedics, the number of accidents fell a bit on second day of Uttarayan. However, more than 700 citizens were injured in two-day festivity, said city officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11519886", "title": "BJP prez Gadkari to flag off party's T Poru yatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bharatiya Janata Party 's 22-day-long Telangana Poru yatra will be flagged off by the party's national president Nitin Gadkari from the banks of river Krishna in Maktal Assembly constituency of Mahbubnagar on January 19.Party general secretary N Ramachander Rao said on Monday that the yatra, led by state party president G Kishan Reddy, is aimed at mounting pressure on the UPA government to move a bill on Telangana in the Parliament's budget session .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11518337", "title": "United stand the 8 'musketeers'", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"The musketeers'', that's what these teen guns call their gang of eight. Celebrating one of the amigo's birthday at a restaurant on Sunday, the teenagers grabbed the attention of all passers by as they sang \"happy birthday'' noisily, laughed, teased, high-fived and snatched food out of each other's hands. For birthday boy Harman Jot Singh, a resident of Sector 32, Chandigarh Road, the day was every bit special.All studying in Greenland Convent School, the \"musketeers'' have been friends for the last five years. So what is it that keeps the bond close? \"Unity and a common love for fighting and checking out girls,'' they say in one voice. Be it the classroom, on streets or while hanging out at a restaurant, the boys say they are always ready for any challenge that comes their way.On Sunday, while most of them were busy eating somebody caught Harman sending an SMS and announced it to the gang. Immediately, all the boys pounced on him asking who he was talking to in secret and teasing that though he has maintained the \"innocent boy'' image in school, outside he is the devil in disguise.After they had embarrassed Harman, his younger brother Simran Jot aka chatterbox became the target of the banter for spending time either sleeping or on Facebook. \"When we see him, all of us say together 'jaagte raho','' said Jay Kapoor, who is famous for his poor jokes that has earned him the title 'Kamina No. 1'. A resident of Dholewal, Jay is also known as a great dancer and a friendly guy.Taking his chance to get back at the others, Harman gives the insider's peak to the other gang members - Raja Oberoi, Pursharth Sharma, Akash Malhotra, Tushar Dhingra and Gagan Oberoi.Raja, a resident of Baba Thansingh Nagar, is the group's Sachin Tendulkar . \"A rough cycle rider and captain of the school, Raja defines 'height kum fight zyada'. Short-tempered as he is, Raja is also the most popular in our group,'' said Harman.Raja is quick to add that, \"it doesn't matter if you are short, you just needs guts to make your stand.''Pursharth Sharma, who also stays in Sector 32, is the \"chocolate boy'' and the friends complain they have problems because he is busy flirting all the time. \"But he's very good at heart,'' said Simran.The \"drift king'' among the musketeers is Akash. \"He rarely agrees with anyone, whether teacher or friend, and absolutely loves racing around town in cars and bikes,'' said Harman.Fair and handsome, Tushar is the other chocolate boy in the gang and the butt of many jokes. \"He shares a good rapport with everyone at school, is a problem solver and also the one behind all the team work that the musketeers do,'' said Pursharth.Whenever the gang goes, the one boy that always makes heads turn is Gagan, a resident of Shingar Cinema Road. \"He is muscular and spectacular, always smiling and silent but when he gets angry, everyone runs for shelter,'' said Harman, dodging a thump on his back.Ask the boys if they get to meet outside school and they laugh while sharing that roaming city streets is a favourite time pass of the musketeers. \"We like to call it 'ashiqui','' said Raja.The boys said they have been in a lot of funny and weird moments together but one memory stands out. \"All of us were at somebody's wedding and around 2am we felt extremely bored so we were strolling the street when we spotted a famous person's house. So all of shouted out really loud 'uncle ji, doodh dedo' and ran,'' said Akash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11518948", "title": "'Govt need to swiftly intervene to save Sonar Fort'", "text": "JAISALMER: Conservationists feel that the Jaisalmer Fort requires major interventions by the government authorities to save it from irrevocable damages. Carrying out restoration works in an ancient structure like the Jaisalmer Fort is in itself a challenge, but doing so while addressing the needs of almost 3,000 people who reside inside it and depend upon it for their livelihood poses a complex range of issues.Following the collapse of the two bastions in July 1999, the World Monuments Fund (WMF) commissioned the first of the two fact-finding missions to ascertain the cause of damage, along with studying the fort's outer walls and to develop a project scope and action plan for its immediate stabilization.These missions identified the fundamental problem to be an inadequate drainage system inside the inhabited fort. Coupled with increasing levels of subsurface moisture in the soil below the fort, this has resulted in the widespread threat of differential settlement.The 2001 technical mission report noted that geophysical field testing of the underlying soil strata and geotechnical engineering studies, along with a continuous monitoring, were essential to address the challenges facing the fort.Recommendations from these reports resulted in a MoU being signed between the Government of India and the WMF in 2003 to fund the required studies to guide the stabilization of Jaisalmer Fort as well as to provide prescriptive measures for its conservation. That is how the present study being conducted by the Bombay Collaborative Urban Design and Conservation Limited started in September 2005.The firm's latest report suggests that as integrated water management scheme must be based on the survey map prepared by the Geological Survey of India and should be the basis of all future works in the fort. \"It is essential that the storm water and sewage lines are separated during high rainfall. The drainage system requires to be handled,\" said Saiyyed Jamal Hussain, head of the ASI's Rajasthan unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521901", "title": "Aadhi in demand", "text": "Looks like Aadhi is getting ready to join the big league soon.After all, the Eeram actor is likely to be part of Superstar's Kochadaiyaan. Soundarya Rajinikanth , who is directing this motion capture flick with K S Ravikumar overseeing the project, recently met with the actor and offered him a role in the period film.While Aadhi remained unavailable for comment, Soundarya wrote on her microblogging page, \"Met actor Aadhi today for a role in Kochadaiyaan. He's way taller in person than what he seems!\"Working in period films is nothing new for Aadhi, who plays the lead in Vasanthabalan's Aravaan, reportedly set in early 18th century in Tamil Nadu. It looks like Soundarya's good friend Lakshmi Manchu, who has cast Aadhi in her Tollywood flick Gundello Godari, has vouched for his skills, claiming he's \"super awesome\" as an actor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11519068", "title": "Kids walk the talk on conservation", "text": "BANGALORE: It's not just enough to conserve resources, we need to find alternative sources of energy even as we educate the masses on the need to minimise the use of our petroleum reserves, Union minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa said here on Monday.At the inauguration of the Oil and Gas Conservation Fortnight, as part of the Times Nie Fun Fest at Palace Grounds, he spelt out the 2020 vision of the government as the large gathering of over 6000 enthusiastic students from 212 city schools listened with rapt attention. Appreciating the efforts of the various oil corporations in coming together to take the message of conservation to future citizens of the country, the minister said there could not have been a better platform for the cause.Conservation was the underlying theme of all eight competitions -- in art, cultural and literary categories, at the 19th edition of the fest, the largest annual inter-school competition. There was a carnival-like atmosphere , complete with cheering teams, food stalls and simultaneous competitions. Students vied for prizes for vegetable carving, flower arrangement, story writing, poetry writing, painting, fancy dress, mad ads and dancing.Partcipants showed their commitment to conservation as thousands flaunted their personal messages and artwork on the theme on special handkerchiefs which had been handed out to them in schools. Conservation messages also rent the air as 1000 tricoloured balloons were released by the minister and dignitaries of IOC, HPC and BPC.Executive director of Indian Oil B Ashok said oil companies have forayed into renewable sources of energy such as solar, wind and biomass. \"We have ambitious plans to partially replace petrol with ethanol and diesel with bio-diesel from jatropha seeds.\" Petrol in Karnataka has 5% ethanol which has resulted in reduced emissions, he added.A L Krishnan, area marketing manager, BPC termed conservation an act of patriotism. He pointed out that 40% of our energy demands are met with petroleum. Precious financial resources that could otherwise be used on development, education, health, etc are used for importing oil. Chief retail manager, HPC, D K Barmon emphasised that conservation does not mean not using fuels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11519205", "title": "Western culture leading to matrimonial discord", "text": "KANPUR: Mohit (name changed), an employee of multinational bank, has a strained relationship with his wife who is a management executive in a business institution. Due to ego clash, they start living separately and file separation suit in the family court.This is just a case in point. There are several such cases pending in the family court. Economic parity, ego clash and adoption of Western culture have given rise to matrimonial discord in the country. The number of such cases is increasing. The Supreme Court had expressed concern a few months back and stated that each district of the country now needs a family court. So far, there are 465 districts that have a family court.Kanpur is witnessing increase in matrimonial disputes. As many as 3319 cases had been registered in family court in 2011. The figure was around 2,100 in 2010. In 2009, around 1,570 cases were registered. Of the 3,319 new cases, there are 1,900 cases of matrimonial disputes (separation, divorce, 'bidai' and restitution of conjugal rights).There is stagnation in maintenance cases. There were around 1,255 cases of maintenance against 1,300 in 2010. In 2009, the figure was almost same. In 2008, the number of maintenance cases stood at 1,110.Asha Sharma, a lawyer, claimed that the way society was changing, the matrimonial life was also being affected. Economic parity of both the spouses and ego clash were the main causes for breaking the matrimony. Explaining her point, she said most of the earning couples today were undergoing ego clashes.The reconciliation officers of family court said zero tolerance was witnessed in spouses in cases where both partners were earning. It becomes difficult in pacifying and pushing them to reach an amicable settlement.The worst factor in such strained relationship was blind support of the family members. Instead of trying to unite them, the relatives add fuel by making it a prestige issue, said Suresh Kumar , a lawyer dealing with matrimonial cases.According to a judicial official said that changing culture was the reason of disintegration of the families. The joint family culture is a matter of past. Concept of nuclear family is fading fast, he added.Another lawyer DK Pathak said law-makers had made the separation easy in Hindu Marriage Act. Section 13 of the act points out those spouses can separate with mutual consent. The worst sufferers in matrimonial disputes are children. They are deprived of the affection of the father or the mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11517636", "title": "'Kishori Sansad' on Jan 24", "text": "PATNA: As many as 243 selected adolescent girls - one each from the 243 assembly constituencies of the state - would hold their one-day 'Kishori Sansad ' at the annexe building of the Bihar legislative council on January 24 to articulate their demands.The process for selection of these adolescent girls has been nearly completed. They would hold their preparatory meeting in parliamentary practice in Patna for two days, beginning January 21, said education department's principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh on Monday.Singh said the Sansad, being organized under the aegis of Child Protection and Empowerment Committee of the legislative council, education department and Mahila Samakhya, is a \"new experiment\" which has the support of Unicef. It is expected to inject leadership qualities among the participants.He added, \"The aim is to give exposure in parliamentary practice to all the 243 representative adolescents. They will also learn basics of participatory process, and also discuss what more needs to be done for the welfare and uplift of women and adolescent girls in the light of government's activities in education, health and welfare sectors.\"State Mahila Samakhya programme coordinator Shubhraja Singh said the selected girls would not be just schoolchildren. \"They would be from all social categories - school going, non-school going, and dropout groups,\" she said, adding that they have been selected by adhering to a set of parameters. The adolescents were given a format (questionnaire) to fill or reply orally, and 243 of them were selected on the basis of their replies.The education department principal secretary said the Kishori Sansad would be conducted as per the norms of parliamentary practice. There would be both treasury and opposition benches, while one of them would be selected by the participants themselves to act as \"chairman\" or \"speaker\" of the \"House\".\"After articulating their demands, they would submit a report to the government,\" he said, adding: \"Whatever the government deems fit would be incorporated in its policy measures.\" Legislative assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, legislative council Chairman Tara Kant Jha, CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , among others, would be invited to be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11517839", "title": "Cops bust gang chain-snatchers, burglars, recover stolen goods worth 2Lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Three accused in house break-ins and temple burglaries in temples have been recently arrested by the unit 2 of the city crime branch. The accused had been absconding since the past two years in connection to various cases at the Gangapur Police Station, Trimbakeshwar Police Station, Shahapur Police Station and also Nashik Road Police police stations.DCP DS Swami of the crime branch said that they acted on a tip off to nab acting on a tip off, that by one Dnyaneshwar Zombad, who was behind various house break-in cases registered at the Upanagar Police Station. Zombad was hiding in a farm in Niphad, when the crime branch team arrested him. a team of the crime branch was sent to nab him.During the interrogation, the accused confessed to have committed various crimes along with Gopal Kumavat (20) of Upanagarresiding at Icchamani Appartment, Upanagar and Sandesh Kumavat (25) of Deolaligaonresident of Jagtapwadi, Deolaligaon . Zombad himself used to reside at Vihitgaon, Nashik Road. The accused also confessed to have been involved in chain snatchings and house break-ins in the Upanagar area of the city and they had also committed thefts in temples. In Upanagar alone they had commited six house break-ins, one chain snatching and seven burglaries.A stolen motorcycle has also been recovered from them in addition to The police have recovered 30 grams of goldfrom them, half a kilogram of silver one motorcycle and 14 gas cylinders, all worth around Rs 2,00,000. The said criminals are also wanted in various cases at Gangapur Police Station, Trimabakeshwar and Shahapur police station, in connection with thefts in temples and Nashik Road Police Station in connection with a murder and house break-in cases.DCP Swami said that since they are wanted in various cases registered at the different police stations they will be transferred to those stations for interrogation there. It is possible that there are chances that the trio gang accused would reveal details on aboutmany more cases registered against them. at different police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11521174", "title": "Nokia most trusted brand in India: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Mobile handset maker Nokia has emerged as the most trusted brand in India, ahead of homegrown Tata which is at No 2, while social activist Anna Hazare is placed above master blaster Sachin Tendulkar, according to a recent survey.The survey, 'The Brand Trust Report, India Study 2012' released here today, placed the South Korean consumer durable firm LG in the third position. Korean consumer electronics and appliances maker Samsung and Japanese firm Sony are at number four and five, respectively.Undertaken by Trust Research Advisory (TRA), the survey that also included personalities as brands, puts Hazare at the 106th slot, while the batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar is placed at the 234th position, followed by actor Salman Khan , who is put at 355th place.The survey conducted in August, takes into account the responses and views on 17,000 brands from over 2,700 participants across 15 cities in the country.\"The results are based on the level of trust every individual has in all these brands,\" TRA Chief Executive Officer N Chandramouli told reporters here.Other big names that made their way into the top 10 trusted brands are Maruti, Bajaj, LIC, Airtel and Reliance in that order.The survey notes that Tata group Chairman Ratan Tata is ranked at 583, followed by Vijay Mallya at the 603rd position. Car stylist Dilip Chabria is ranked at 863 ahead of Reliance Group of Industries Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani , who is ranked at 894th position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11518076", "title": "Coimbatore zoo gets two rescued civets", "text": "COIMBATORE: This Mattu Pongal, the VOC Zoo had two unexpected guests, a pair of civets. The civets, a protected species under the Wildlife Act, were handed over to the zoo by a resident of the Selvapuram area. The one-month-old pair had fallen from a tree.Dr K Ashokan, the director of Coimbatore VOC Zoo said that they must have been left behind by their mother.\"They are our Pongal guests. These creatures live mostly on trees and must have fallen down or taken for dead by their mother. They cannot live on their own. So we are going to take care of them. We are giving them fruits, milk and biscuits,\" he said.A cobra which was operated recently is also with him. \"This Pongal has been somewhat different,\" he notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11518505", "title": "Serve prasad in bags: Airport to temples", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The temples around the city's airport runway will now have to serve prasad to devotees in bags. For the Ahmedabad airport and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) officials will soon start approaching temples in the area to make them aware of the new norm.The decision, aimed at checking monkey menace and bird hit incidents, was taken during the Airfield Environment Management Committee's ( AEMC) quarterly meeting on Monday. The meeting was attended by officials from the forest department, airport, Air Force, AMC , CISF and Camp Hanuman Mandir.\"We have begun the process of identifying temples around the airport and will soon write to them asking them to start serving prasad in bags. Last year, army officials served a notice to Camp Hanuman Mandir Trust over garbage disposal and feeding prasad to monkeys by devotees. The temple authorities then started serving prasad in bags. Similarly, we will ask all temples to strictly pack prasad in bags as the sweet inside attract monkeys and birds,\" said a senior airport official.Forest officials said that morning walkers feeding birds and monkeys near the airport also add to the problem.\"We will have an enforcement week at the airport, wherein we will check morning walkers from feeding birds and monkeys. Those not abiding by the rules will be fined. We will extend the existing 750 meter solar powered electric fencing to 1,250 meters to check the entry of monkeys at the airport,\" said S K Nanda, principal secretary, state forests &amp; environment department.The station headquarters, Indian Army, Ahmedabad, had been recently served a notice under section 5 of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, by the Gujarat government over the problem of bird hits and dog and monkey nuisance at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11518783", "title": "In Bijalpur, Nawral, water woes to end for good", "text": "INDORE: With the Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC) deciding to construct two new water tanks, water problem in Bijalpur and Nawral areas will be a thing of past.Construction of two overhead water tanks, to cost around Rs 5 crore, will benefit some one lakh residents in the two areas. A tender has been issued in this regard and construction is expected to begin soon.Narmada Project Officer Dharmendra Verma said residents of the two areas were facing water problem in summers over the past couple of years.Water tank at Bijalpur with a capacity of 20 lakh litres will be constructed for Rs 2 crore and is expected to benefit around 40,000 residents of the area. Construction of other water tank at Nawral with the capacity of 30 lakh litres will be completed by spending Rs 3 crore. It will benefit around 50,000 residents of the area.Bijalpur has one water tank, but the supply is proving far less than adequate as the population in the area increased over the past couple of years. Many new colonies have come up in these areas and most are fully dependent on ground water.Nawral will get water tank and tap water supply for the first time. Till now, the area was depending on ground water only. In Nawral, officials said, work completion would take a little more time as civic body would have to lay pipelines apart from constructing water tanks in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11517877", "title": "'Language: A window to culture, history'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second edition of the Hyderabad Literary Festival kickstarted on Monday at Taramati Baradari, where over 80 participating writers and literature lovers from the city had gathered for the first day of the event. Setting the tone for the three-day festival, heavyweights from the field of literature emphasized on the need to focus on regional languages, pointing out how English was dominating regional Indian languages in Indian literature. The festival would be focusing on Indian languages in the next two days.Writer-diplomat Pavan K Varma, who was present at the opening, said, \"We must encourage new talent in Indian languages, support translation works and research in classical languages. The inferiority attached to Indian languages when compared to English should be removed. People must understand that a language is not just a means for communication, but a window to a culture, history and identity.\" He further noted, new talent in Indian languages need to be encouraged and translation works and research in classical languages supported.. \"The inferiority attached to Indian languages when compared to English should be removed. People must understand that a language is not just a means for communication, but a window to a culture, history and identity.\"Talking on the same lines, acclaimed lyricist and poet Gulzar, speaking eloquently in Urdu, said, \"Earlier, regional cinema was doing the job of keeping the languages alive and bringing them to the rest of the country. There used to be many serious film festivals which showcased such beautiful cinema. However, with regional films too fighting to get into the mainstream, such film festivals have reduced in number. But, I am happy that it has been compensated for in a way with the growing number of literary festivals in India. These events give us a chance to interact with writers and readers from so many different places. And it is great that Hyderabad finally has its literary festival.\"Through the day, well known authors kept throwing light on the topic of regional languages. Kiran Nagarkar, during his interaction with Usha Raman said, \"I am from Maharashtra and many children nowadays call their parents mom and daddy instead of aai and baba. I don't have anything against it, but it does make me a little sad.\"The festival saw visitors attending various discussions and interactions held during the day where readers got a chance to converse with the writers about their work. There were panel discussions revolving around Hyderabad which had authors sharing stories of the city of the Nizams. Author Vamsee Juluri spoke of growing up on Road No. 12, Banjara Hills and Aminuddin Khan shared the rib-tickling anecdote of a youngster who thought the Nizam was the first principal of Nizam College.Another highlight of the day was later in the evening when Gulzar released his book 'Neglected Poems', a selection of poems translated into English by Pavan K Varma. Gulzar read out his poems and the translations were read out by Pavan Varma. The Hyderabad Literary festival promised to have many such interactions and discussions on various topics and issues in the coming two days of the event.Chandana Khan, IAS, Secretary (Tourism), said literature too could be used to promote tourism. Organizers Vijaya Kumar of Osmania University Centre for International Programmes (OUCIP) and Surya Rao of Muse India, too agreed and emphasized on the written word as important to keep civilizations alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11518039", "title": "Corporator among four booked", "text": "NAGPUR: Four persons including a corporator, Parinay Fuke, have been booked by the authorities for violation of election code of conduct.According to the NMC officials, a complaint was lodged at Dharampeth zone against Fuke for conducting a programme after the code of conduct came into existence.Considering this, NMC registered an FIR against Fuke, following which the police booked Fuke under relevant acts of IPC for violation of code of conduct.Talking to TOI, Fuke said that it was a political conspiracy. \"I have taken efforts to name road from Ramnagar square to Pandhrabodi police chowki after martyr Birsa Munda. The programme was scheduled on January 5, but code of conduct came into existence on January 3. I had cancelled the programme. Few citizens garlanded the portrait of Munda and named the road after him. I was not at all present with the them. Still, the BJP leaders lodged a complaint against me,\" he said.On January 13, three persons- Milind Chawre, Sunil Lanjewar and Sunil Chokare -- all from Thawre colony-Sidharth Nagar Ward No. 5 coming in Ashi Nagar Zone were booked for displaying posters on public property.Voting for the civic polls will be held on February 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11519577", "title": "With public vehicles on poll duty, commuters may face problems", "text": "VARANASI: The coming month of February will add to the sufferings of those commuting by road transport as large number of UP Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) as well as private buses, jeeps and other vehicles would be acquired for election duties. It may be mentioned here that the five phase assembly polls are scheduled in the state in February.Additional regional transport officer (administration) KD Singh confirmed that notices to acquire the buses and other vehicles had already been sent to the UPSRTC as well as vehicles of private passenger vehicle owners. According to him, only the police have demanded 545 buses, including 290 big, 160 mid and 95 mini size buses. There is also a huge demand for trucks, mini trucks, jeeps and pickup vans by the district election office. This demand for vehicles has not been made just for the polling day but many vehicles have already been provided to the police and paramilitary forces for carrying out flag marches in vulnerable and sensitive areas.Regional manager,UPSRTC, PK Tiwari admitted that the responsibility given to the corporation for providing buses for all five phases of assembly election would create a shortage of vehicles. But, he claimed, the strategy to avoid problems for passengers had been chalked out. The depots falling under the jurisdiction of UPSRTC's Varanasi regional office operate buses on 24 identified routes. Tiwari said presently 487 buses were available at the depots of the region out of which over 50 buses would remain engaged in each phase of election.Tiwari said trips of available buses would be increased to avoid problems for passengers but he also confessed that the frequency of buses on all routs would be reduced. The UPSRTC has limited manpower due to which the officials said extra duty for available staff, including drives, would become a compulsion to facilitate the passengers. He hinted that even on the routes where night bus service was not provided by the UPSRTC, the same would be started to facilitate passengers.Though strategy to avoid problems for passengers has been chalked out by the UPSRTC, the passengers on short routes would still face problems. To meet the actual demand, the regional transport office would also acquire private passenger buses and jeeps, the official informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11519622", "title": "New TB lab to detect drug resistant strain", "text": "PUNE: Plans are afoot to set up a sophisticated tuberculosis laboratory in the state on the lines of national reference labs. The new lab will facilitate early diagnosis and help treatment of the deadly totally drug resistant TB (TDR-TB).Currently, the state does not have a facility even to detect TDR TB. The state's existing facilities in Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur can only detect resistance of TB causing bacteria to Rifampiocin and Isoniazid, two of the most effective anti-tuberculosis drugs.First there was multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR TB), followed by an extensively drug resistant strain (XDR TB), and now a totally drug resistant form (TDR TB) has emerged. At least 12 patients in one hospital in Mumbai, India (at the P.D. Hinduja National Hospital and Medical Research Centre) have been confirmed to have the new totally drug resistant type of tuberculosis (TB).\"This means their infections are resistant to all drugs known to treat the bacterial infectious disease (to include the three first-tier drugs and the nine second-line drugs). Currently, we do not have a facility which will detect TDR TB. The existing facilities in Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur can detect resistance to only two tuberculosis drugs. While there are 12 anti-tuberculosis drugs used in treatment of TB,\" said Pradip Gaikwad, joint director (TB) of state health services, who heads the state's TB control programme.\"We are thinking of either upgrading one of the exisiting facilities or set up an altogether new sophisticated laboratory on the lines of three national tuberculosis reference laboratores based in Chennai, Bangalore and New Delhi,\" Gaikwad said.The country has three national tuberculosis reference laboratories - the Tuberculosis Research Centre, Chennai, National Tuberculosis Institute, Bangalore, Lala Ram Sarup Institute of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases (LRS), New Delhi. The Agra-based National Jalma Institute of Leprosy and Other Mycobacterial Diseases also has BSL 3 laboratory which facilitates work in leprosy and TB.A three-member team that includes a chest specialist, a World Health Organisation official and a scientist from the central TB division has come down Mumbai to gauge the menace of TDR TB. \"We will discuss the possibility of setting up such a futuristic lab with them and assess its viability,\" Gaikwad said.The country's central TB division has asked the Maharashtra government to collect data for the last six months from all other labs in the state dealing with TB.At present, less than 3% of all new cases of TB are MDR while nearly 17% of re-treatment cases are drug resistant. Around 3%-5% of MDR TB cases are XDR TB.Resistant strains of tuberculosis bacteria (Mycobacterium tuberculosis) are man-made; they develop when the medications used to treat the disease are not used or managed correctly. Most areas of India do not have the capability to detect TDR TB. If the infection is undetected, people can continue to spread all forms of tuberculosis - resistant or not.Points to note* TB kills about 1,000 people a day in India* While Iran first reported TDR TB cases three years ago, India seems to be the second country to report this deadly form of the disease. As the full form of TDR-TB suggests, none of the known TB combination drugs work on the patient* MDR TB is a serious menace in India. The nation has plans to put in place 43 labs to diagnose MDR TB. So far, 31 labs have been accredited to conduct MDR TB detection tests. The rest are expected to be in place by end of this year* Every year, India reports 15 lakh new cases of TB. The WHO says around 73,000 of the notified new TB cases in 2010 were already multi-drug resistant. Of this, less than 3,000 were detected* The direct and indirect cost of TB to India amounts to an estimated $23.7 billion annually. Studies suggest that on an average three months of work time is lost as result of TB, resulting in an average lost potential earning of 30% of the annual household income* Those with active TB when left untreated can infect on an average 15 people every year. In 2000, the prevalence rate of TB in India was 338 per 100,000 population and the mortality due to TB was 42 per 100,000 population. In comparison, in 2009, the prevalence of TB in India was 249 per 100,000 population and the mortality due to TB was 23 per 100,000 population", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11518012", "title": "8 killed in road mishaps in last three days", "text": "COIMBATORE: Eight people lost their lives in various road accidents in the district since last Friday. In a hit-and-run case on Sunday, a four-year-old boy was killed on the spot when a car hit a motorcycle at Palladam Road.According to police, the accident took place when the motorcycle in which Tamil Selvan (4) and his father Rajesh Kumat were riding was hit by a speeding car. Tamil died on the spot while his father is undergoing treatment at the hospital. Negaman police have registered a case.In another incident, a 50-year-old man was killed when his motorcycle was hit by a speeding car near Karumathampatty. R Mahali of Annur was riding a motorcycle when a car hit him from behind. He died on the spot. Karumathampatty police have launched a search for the car driver.40-year-old S Rangasamy died on the spot when a car hit his TVS moped near Karamadai on Sunday. Karuppasamy and Perumal, who were riding pillion with Rangasamy, and the car driver, Balan, suffered injuries. Two persons died on the spot in another incident when their bike lost control and hit a tamarind tree at Kalankal near Sulur on Sunday. The deceased have been identified as U Sivaraj (23) and R Ranganath (30).Meanwhile, on the eve of Pongal, a 23-year-old motorist was killed after he lost control over his bike. The deceased, J Karuppusamy of Rathinapuri was driving the motorcycle with two friends S Nithyanandam (21) and K Kumar (21). He lost control over the biek after hitting a pedestrian M Saktivel (38) near Varadharajapuram Junction at 10.45pm on Saturday. According to police, Karuppusamy fell on the road and sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot.In another accident, G Subramani (50), a resident of Kuniamuthur, was hit by a speeding motorcycle at the Palaghat Road while crossing the road. Police said motorist S Dinesh (24), a native of Walayar, hit Subramani around 9.30pm on Friday. Subramani sustained head injury and died on the way to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital. A 11-year-old girl was killed as she was hit by a two-wheeler while crossing the road at KG Chavady on Saturday. M Krishnaveni was crossing near the forest department's checkpost at KG Chavady when a bike hit her. She died on Sunday in a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11516731", "title": "Traffic restrictions on Ghat Road", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The traffic movement on the Ghat Road section of NH 212 that connects Kozhikode with Kollegal in Karnataka will be restricted for a month. According to a senior official of the Public Works Department, this is being done to repair six out of the nine dilapidated hairpin curves in the stretch in a month.Though there is a need to widen the curves, PWD would not do it this time as it requires acquisition of forest land. The department has already written to the forest department for allocating land for this purpose.During the one month of repair work, there will be a complete ban on heavy vehicles through the stretch. They will be redirected through the Nilambur-Edavanna-Gundulpet route. Meanwhile, the long distance buses of KSRTC have been rerouted through the Kuttiyadi-Thottilpalam-Padinjarethara-Kalpetta route. Small vehicles will be allowed to ply through the route.To address to woes of travellers in this route, the KSRTC would operate 24 short-wheel buses between Lakkidi in Wayanad and Adivaram in Kozhikode. \"Ordinary buses will ply up to Adivaram and Lakkidi. Passengers can travel by mini buses from both the points,\" said, V J Saju, zonal officer, KSRTC, Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11518642", "title": "Kashmiri families seek shelter in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: They are skilled craftsmen with unmatched expertise in shawl and carpet weaving. But today, they have been forced out of home and reduced to begging in an alien city.Some 200 people from Baramulla district in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, now living as refugees in tents near Dakshineswar, find themselves in a quandary. Left with no means to sustain themselves, they were forced to leave the Valley. But they cannot openly speak to anyone here about their plight.\"If you write about us, we will not be able to return to Kashmir. Our land will be taken away as we would be declared illegal migrants,\" feared Feroz Khan (name changed on request). Khan, a resident of Uri, is now in Dakshineswar, claiming \"rising instances of terrorism\" and heavy snowfall in his village have brought him here.But isn't this supposed to be a peaceful phase in Kashmir with fewer instances of terrorism being reported? \"The media only reports incidents around Srinagar. That's why you are unaware that terrorism is actually on the rise in Baramulla and other parts of Kashmir. We are often caught between the security forces and terrorists. There is no food and no power with heavy snowfall this year,\" rued Khan.The men spoke about the death of Class XII student Altaf Ahmed Sood in CISF firing in Uri on January 2. They also spoke about the increasing number of terrorism cases in Baramulla and how security forces had arrested several terrorists. \"It's tough to live in such a situation,\" said Khan.Over 500 people have left Uri and the adjoining areas of Baramulla, said Khan. \"We came down to take shelter in safer places. Some have stayed in Delhi. Our friends who had been to Kolkata to sell shawls suggested that we come here as it is a more hospitable city. We are mostly shawl and carpet workers and are honest people. But now, we have to beg to earn a living,\" says Khan.The men had tried to find jobs in which they could utilize their skills. But they found none. \"Some of the men are now working as daily labourers in the local market at Dakshineswar,\" said Khan, quickly adding that the people in Kolkata were co-operating. \"But we need more help as we want to stay here till mid-March.\"These skilled craftsmen are now begging across the city to collect food for their family. On Monday afternoon, they went around shops and offices in Chandni Chowk, begging for help.Dr Dipanjan Halder of RG Kar hospital was appalled to see the men begging in the hostel. \"It is dreadful to see such a huge group of people coming down for shelter.\"Vijay Jaiswal, a businessman of Ariadaha, paid a visit to the field where the families are camping for a fortnight. He said they had asked him for help and he plans to provide them with some.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11519929", "title": "Roti is a symbol of equality here", "text": "HUBLI: People of Shirol village of Naragund taluk of Gadag district celebrated a unique 'Roti Jatra' on Sunday, which aims at fighting the caste system and bringing about equality in the society. The jatra is being held in the village since a decade, on the occasion of Makara Sankranti.A unique feature of this fair is that people from all strata of society prepare jowar rotis and give them to the mutt, voluntarily.People will start preparing rotis at their houses a week before the jatra. People from Shirol, Kapli, Menasagi, Karagikatti, Kallapur, Bhopalapur and other villages of Naragund taluk prepare rotis according to their capacity and give them to mutt.By Sankranti thousands of rotis pile up at the mutt. During the Roti Jatra, people from all religions including the Muslim community participate and eat rotis along delicious 'Karindi chatni' and vegetable dishes. On Sunday, thousands of people participated in the fair and savored rotis with delicious dishes.Speaking to the Times of India about the unique roti fair, S S Pattanshetty, administrator, Tontadarya mutt, said, \"Rotis brought by all castes will be collected in one place and distributed to all those taking part in the jatra, irrespective of their caste, religion, economic and social status. The purpose behind holding the jatra is to send the message of peace and harmony among the people\", he said.Villagers Chidamabar Nimbargi and Kantappa Mareguddi said, \"Womenfolk in our families were busy preparing rotis for over a week. There is a lot of enthusiasm among people to give rotis for the jatra.\"Even poor families in the village somehow manage to give rotis to the mutt so that they wil l be served at jatra, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-17"}
