{"city": "None", "code": "17764642", "title": "Bipasha Basu-Harman Baweja steal Jackyy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s thunder", "text": "They arrived together at Bhagnani Jr's party and seemed unfazed by all the attention they gotIt was a Christmas party hosted by Vashu Bhagnani's son Jackyy on Monday at his Bandra pad. However, the biggest head turner proved to be Harry Baweja's son Harman,who walked in with Bipasha Basu . According to an insider, the duo arrived in the same car and were all smiles as they entered the venue.All eyes were directed at the unlikely pair. But Bipasha and Harman appeared the least bit flustered or perturbed by all the attention that came their way. The inside buzz is: the two of them have suddenly become very close, all thanks to Harman's ex-girlfriend and Bipasha's close friend Shamita Shetty .\"It was Shamita who introduced Harman to Bipasha. Ever since, Bipasha and Harman have hit it off. At the moment, they are just good friends , but who knows what lies in store,\" revealed a source close to Bipasha.Apparently,Harman broke off with Shamita two to three months ago. Whereas, Bipasha, who'd been in a relationship with John Abraham for eight-odd years, split with the actor a year and a half back.When contacted, both Bipasha and Harman chose not to reply.Well, what can we say?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17763584", "title": "Nearly 3,000 constables are wasted as orderlies in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: As crime rates shoot up in Karnataka and senior officers complain of staff crunch, the fact is nearly 3,000 trained policemen are engaged in menial jobs as orderlies. As part of a colonial practice that runs till date, these constables work as domestic helps, gardeners and cooks.Whenever there is a security blooper, senior officers often fall back on the excuses of staff shortage and VIP duties. But prod them on orderlies, and the officers take shelter behind tradition and rules. \"The Police Manual has a provision to have orderlies,'' says a senior police officer.The orderly system began in late-19th century, when communication was a big challenge and a trained constabulary was always kept at hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760982", "title": "Feeling safe: West Nagpur is city women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s best bet", "text": "NAGPUR: Orange City has always been termed a relatively safe place for women and senior citizens. Though changing social environment is creating fear there are still many areas in city where women feel safe even when they are alone.Areas like Seminary Hills that are dark and lonely after dusk are most dreaded places while women say that they feel safest in well lit and crowded places. \"Young girls are vulnerable. I feel safe on the campus but very unsafe in multiplexes as all types of people are loitering there,\" says Pratiksha Lendre, a college student.Describing Nagpur as a very safe city compared to her hometown Kolkata where she suffered stalking as well as eve teasing, Sharmishta Jha, a professional singer, says, \"I return home from programmes at Deshpande hall even after 10pm and have never felt scared. I find Civil Lines a very safe area.\"\"The fact is that entire city is safe,\" says Debanjonaa Nath, a student of Hislop College. \"But in terms of comfort I feel safe at social and college gatherings,\" she says. \"For girls like me who commute by public transport, there are occasions when men would try to act smart. But the driver or bus conductor and even the fellow travellers are very alert and check such actions. So more than on roads, I feel safe while travelling in a bus or an auto,\" says Manisha Sharma who works as a salesperson in one of the malls.\"Within the city there is no place where a woman would feel unsafe,\" feels Milli Vikamshi an artist and short filmmaker. \"I feel very safe in Shivaji Nagar but am scared on outskirts where the city limits end and rural area begins,\" she adds.\"I find west Nagpur safer than areas in northern or eastern part of the city and feel safe in Dharampeth as it is very crowded and well lit even late in the night,\" says Urvi Suri, an entrepreneur who lives on Katol Road.\"I find Somalwada the safest place in the city. Definitely because I stay here but also because there is moving traffic and police patrol even at late hours,\" says Sailee Modak, a volunteer with an NGO.\"I would describe Wardhaman Nagar as the safest area. There are malls and a multiplex here but it is much better than Poonam Chamber where boys roam around only to ogle at girls,\" says Siddhi Maniyar, a second year student. \"I feel safe when I'm at a hotel or an eatery,\" feels Rekha Sethumadhavan who works for a finance company and adds that actually the safest place now for women is home.Those who don't frequent Itwari and Mahal would term it unsafe but for Akanksha Rathi, who lives in Itwari, it is a very safe place. \"This being a business area, people know each other and are very alert. Besides, police patrols are always there, so I feel very safe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762200", "title": "A tale of two assaults", "text": "BANGALORE: Two alleged gang-rapes rocked the city last year. In the first instance in August 2011, a woman working in a garment factory was raped by three men when she was walking back home. The second incident involved a young girl being attacked in a graveyard off Hosur Road by a gang of hoodlums in late December.The Times of India looks at how the cases are unravelling in the backdrop of demand for speedy probe into rape cases.The victim of August rape was returning home after alighting from a bus from Mandya on Mysore Road.\"She was walking towards home when two men accosted her around 11 pm. Forcibly they took her to a desolate place and raped. They called their friend and even he raped her,\" police sources said.Chandra Layout police managed to arrest the three accused and file chargesheet. The case is under trial in the sessions court.\"All the three accused are in judicial custody in Parappana Agrahara prison. The sessions court has denied them bail. The case may get over in another year. We are confident of getting rigorous punishment for the accused,\" a senior investigating officer said.In December 2011, a 20-year-old girl was returning with her friend from a carol singing session in a church. An 11-member gang accosted the duo off Hosur Road, pulled them into a cemetery nearby, tied the boy to a tree and assaulted the girl.Though Ashoknagar police said there was a clear case of gang-rape, the victim did not file a complaint of rape. Ashoknagar police registered a dacoity case. Though the accused were arrested, they came out on bail after being in judicial custody for some time.Many of the accused knew the victims as they lived in the same neighbourhood. But the ghastly incident forced the rape victim's family to shift to another area.\"We tried our best to convince the girl. But she staunchly refused to file the rape case. She did not cooperate with the police in the dacoity case. Only her friend made statements and identified the miscreants during a parade,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763235", "title": "'I want my rapist to be in jail till he dies'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gehna is class seven pass. Instead of pursuing higher studies, she works in a ball point manufacturing unit in Bavla. Her life was interrupted by one Mohabbat Khan alias Munna, an autorickshaw driver who started an affair with her only to rape and sell her thrice over. Gehna spent nine horrible months being shunted from one isolated hut to another where a fresh stranger would rape her for months.It was by a stroke of luck that she escaped and was lent a helping hand by an NGO who took up her case and sought legal justice. Her tormentors have been given jail sentences of seven and three years respectively.Recently, Gehna was asked to sign if she had objection to Khan being released bail. \"He has applied for bail and my consent was sought. I gave it in writing that if he is given bail, he may hurt me or my family. I am scared that once he is out, he will not let me live in peace\", says Gehna.Gehna, who has been actively voicing her protest against crimes against women, says that the New Delhi gang rape victim strikes a chord with her. \"If not death, I would want every rapist to rot in jail till he dies so that he can never come out and threaten his victim or victimize any other girl\", said Gehna.In Samu village in Surendranagar, Heera, a class X student too is praying for a life until death sentence for her rapist, an aged military man who had abducted her and raped her in a shanty outside her farm. Despite being extremely scared and pressurized, the girl stood her ground and gave her testimony to court. She had told the court that she wanted to study and the man had derailed her life.\"The judgement is awaited but I hope that he never comes out of jail. That he is in jail gives me peace of mind. He should be sentenced to remain in jail till his death\", she said.(names of rape victims have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761073", "title": "Minor girls most vulnerable targets", "text": "BHOPAL: Minor girls seem to be the most vulnerable targets in Madhya Pradesh with almost half of the rape victims in state being minors. In the first ten months in Madhya Pradesh, as many as 1453 minors were raped when the total number of incidents of rape was 2868 during the period.In majority of the cases they were victimized by their relatives- from distant to near ones- or even by teachers in rural areas. In majority of the cases, girls from the weaker section were targeted.A minor girl was allegedly raped by her tuition teacher at his place on December 22. The accused identified as Nagendra Singh Chawda sexually assaulted the class X student when she came to his house in the morning for private tuition, police said.A minor was raped by her uncle on October 31, 2012 in Dhar district again. The victim's uncle Sunil Balai was convicted by additional district Judge Avinash Kumar Khare in just 36 days on December 6 earlier this year .The uncle had taken away the little girl on October 31 from her house and later raped her.According to the state's home department, in Indore district alone, 93 minors were raped followed by 62 in Jabalpur and 59 in Bhopal followed by 57 in Sagar district of Bundelkhand. In the tribal dominated district of Betul,42 minors were targeted.Says Anuradha Shankar, IG Indore, \"in as many as 94% of rape cases with minor, the perpetrator is known to the victim\". She said that rapes of minors are reported more in bigger cities because of awareness level of the people. A quick analysis of the state government data reveals that off the 2868 incidents of rape in the state from January to October this year, 255 are incidents of gangrapes. The number of such incidents in bigger cities is more. The smaller the city; the lesser the number of rape incidents.Home department sources also claimed that \"this is just tip of the iceberg as less than 25 % cases of rapes of minors are reported\".In the incidents of rape and gangrapes in the first 10 months, 3394 people have been arrested . However, 418 were still absconding, the home department data says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17767446", "title": "Retired judge to probe Delhi gang rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government today set up a Commission of Inquiry to identify lapses and fix responsibility in the gang rape of 23-year-old girl here, an issue that was discussed by the Union Cabinet with ministers expressing concern over the incident.The one-person commission, to be headed by former Delhi high court judge Justice Usha Mehra, will also suggest measures to make Delhi and NCR safer for women.It will submit within three months its report which will be tabled in Parliament along with action taken by the government.The decision was taken at the meeting which was briefed by home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on the December 16 incident that shocked the nation and triggered widespread protests.At the meeting, chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, several ministers expressed anguish at the incident and said the government should walk the extra mile to ensure recovery of the victim and instil a sense of safety among women.While announcing the decision to set up the Commission, finance minister P Chidambaram appealed to public to \"believe\" that steps are being taken to find lasting solution to the \"problem that has plagued all metropolitan cities.\"The commission will be in addition to the three-member committee headed by former Chief Justice of India J S Verma which is to suggest amendments in law to provide for quicker trial and more stringent punishment in \"aggravated sexual assault\" cases amid demands for death penalty.Sharing public anger over the brutal incident, Chidambaram said it was a \"matter of shame\" that the incident happened in Delhi and the Central government has special responsibility.\"It is a shame. As a man, I feel ashamed. All of you here in this room should also feel ashamed. Why do men behave like this? We acknowledge the public anger and recognise it,\" Chidambaram said at the press conference addressed jointly with information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari.\"We are deeply anguished at what happened on December 16 in Delhi. I join all others in praying for the recovery of the victim,\" Chidambaram said, with Tewari echoing the sentiments.Referring to the setting up of the Inquiry Commission and the Justice Verma Committee, the finance minister said the government has \"serious intent\" to address the broader issue of security of women in the country and provide for more stern punishment for such crimes.\"There are three parts to what we are doing,\" he said, while noting that the government was working on ensuring punishment to the guilty, find out what went wrong and amend laws dealing with crimes against women to provide for more stern penalty and faster trials.He said courts also must help by fast-tracking such cases as there has been huge pendency.Expressing gratitude to Delhi high court Chief Justice D Murugesan for announcing setting up of fast-track courts from January three, the finance minister hoped other high courts will also follow suit.Replying to questions, Tewari refused to \"concede\" that the widespread protests, which even turned violent, reflected failure of the leadership. He said it was an emotive issue and the government had no problem with peaceful protests but there should have been no violence.Chidambaram said the developments of last one week showed a \"new phenomenon\" of \"flash mobs\" resorting to protests and the government was not fully prepared to deal with such situations.\"Lessons have been learnt,\" said the former home minister, adding new standard operating procedures (SOPs) will need to be devised to deal with such situations.To a question, Chidambaram said the changes in law that could take place in the future would not apply to the December 16 case as such amendments apply with prospective effect only.On allegations by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit that Delhi Police officers had interfered in the process of recording of statement of the rape victim, Chidambaram said the home minister told the Cabinet that an internal probe by a senior officer has been ordered into it.Meanwhile, the statement of the victim has been recorded afresh as per the legal procedures.He refused to comment on the confrontation between Delhi chief Minister Sheila Dikshit and Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar over developments surrounding recording of statement of the victim.\"I don't know what happened at the recording of statement... We have the word of the Chief Minister and we have the word of the Commissioner of Police... Please exercise restraint, wait for a few days till the result of inquiry comes,\" Chidambaram said.Asked whether the victim could be taken abroad for treatment, he said she is not in a condition to move but it all depends on doctors.Referring to protests witnessed on Rajpath over last few days, Chidambaram expressed sadness that the life of a constable S C Tomar had been lost while performing his duty and maintaining law and order.He said serious criminal charges have been slapped in the case and the matter is under investigation.To a contention that Tomar had not died because of violence and there should be independent probe as police version is \"suspect\", the minister said the post-mortem report had not yet been shared with the government.He, however, maintained that the investigation into the death would be done by police only as it is its \"right\" which cannot and should not be taken away.He also expressed apology if any media person was harassed or beaten up while police was controlling the protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762285", "title": "Only 3000 tickets on sale for Indo-Pak match", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time in over a decade, Eden Gardens is eyeing a full house when India and Pakistan face off in the second One-Dayer on January 3. That should have made everyone - fans as well as officials at the Cricket Association of Bengal - happy. But on the contrary, it has triggered anxiety among CAB officials and fuelled anger among cricket enthusiasts. With less than 5% tickets on sale for the general public , cricket mandarins fear a backlash from angry fans who have been denied a fair chance to watch an Indo-Pak encounter on the green since 1999.\"How can CAB put just 3,000 tickets on the block for cricket lovers like me who are not associated with any sports body? Invariably, touts will come into play. The paucity of tickets for a high-decibel match like this means they will be minting money by selling them at a premium. CAB administrators are aware of this but have taken no positive measures,\" said Rahul Baidya, a cricket enthusiast who had come to Eden Gardens to inquire about the tickets and left bitterly disappointed.What then happens with the remaining 63,000 tickets? According to CAB treasurer Biswarup Dey, six types of members - life, annual, associate, honorary, National Cricket Club (NCB) and Society for Sports and Stadium (SSS) - are entitled to 30,000 tickets. Another lot of 30,000 tickets are meant for 37 first division clubs, 57 second division clubs, district sports associations, office sports federation and six universities. In addition, 3,000 seats are reserved for Kolkata Police.\"Each first division team is entitled to 250 tickets and second division team 150 tickets. Each of them can pick up their quota of tickets after making full payment. In the past decade, the entire lot has never been picked up. This time, there appears to be huge interest in the India-Pakistan match, leaving only 3,000 tickets to be sold online. Otherwise, tickets that are not picked up on Tuesday and Wednesday will go into the general pool for sale that begins on Thursday,\" said De.What about tickets being sold at a premium of Rs 500-1,000 by clubs? The CAB official washed his hands of the issue, saying the association could not be blamed for the actions of other clubs. \"In any case, they do it for developing the sports infrastructure in the absence of any government support,\" the official reasoned.Defending the system that is primarily designed to keep various members and sports bodies happy so that the incumbent can bag the votes and perpetuate the tenure at the helm, De argued that it minimized the chance of incurring a huge loss if spectators suddenly lost interest in the match and did not turn up.\"There is no telling what will happen if Pakistan wins the two T20 matches and the first One-Dayer. Spectator interest in a match can be very fickle. They will rally behind the Indian team when it is winning and pay any amount to watch it play. But if it is caught in a web of losses, there may not be so many takers,\" he pointed out.While De may have his arguments, there is palpable fear among a section of administrators over what may happen if a large number of fans turn up to question the system in this season of protests. CAB tried to pass the buck to the state government, requesting it to conduct the sales either through lottery. But the latter did not bite the bait, realizing it was a potential minefield.Old timers recall instances of rioting over tickets during the India-West Indies Test in 1966-67 and again during the India-Australia Test in 1969-70. In the former match, a temporary gallery was set alight by angry fans; spectators had barged into the field and chased CAB officials. West Indies players ran for cover and play was stopped for the day. At the time, tickets for Test matches were sold daily. Later, season tickets were introduced for the entire duration of the match.Sources said the Kolkata Police top brass advised the CAB to sell the tickets online instead of doing so over the counter to avoid such a riot-like situation. \"If Team India gets into a winning streak, there sure will be trouble controlling the fans. We don't want the additional hassle of regulating queues for the paltry number of tickets that will be on sale,\" a senior cop said.At the last One-Dayer played at the 66,000-seat stadium on October 25, 2011, only 24,000-odd spectators had turned up, a far cry from the 100,000-plus crowd that had thronged the stands and terraces during the Hero Cup semi-final and final matches in 1993 and the World Cup semi-final encounter in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763073", "title": "Vizag-Andaman flight likely this New Year", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Vizag may soon get connected with the Andaman and Nicobar Islands as the aviation ministry is reportedly mulling the possibility of direct flights between the port city and the neighbouring islands. This move will benefit tourists and migrant workers of the north coastal districts.Official sources said the aviation ministry was in a positive mood to allow air service between the two coastal areas along the Bay of Bengal , and the final decision would only be taken once the summer flight schedule reaches Visakhapatnam airport.\"The airport is waiting for the summer flight schedule from its head office. We can officially reveal information on the proposed flight between Vizag and Andaman after going through the schedule,\" Visakhapatnam airport director Srinivas Rao told TOI.Visakhapatnam Air Travelers Association (Vata) president, Ch Ramakotaiah said they were constantly making efforts to ensure flights between Andaman and the port city and that Vata would once again meet officials of the aviation ministry by the month end and also meet the local MP and Union minister of state for commerce and industry D Purandeswari to discuss the issue.The direct flight between Visakhapatnam and Andaman will cater to the needs of about 1.5 lakh residents of three north coastal districts Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam, who had migrated to the islands way back in the 1950s and 1960s in search of livelihood.Currently, these people depend on the 56-60 hour sea journey from Visakhapatnam to Andaman. \"The flight would be helpful to the migrant workers besides tourists. A traveller can reach the islands in three hours by a flight whereas a ship takes nearly two and half days,\" Ramakotaiah said. Currently the flights to Andaman are being operated from Chennai, Kolkata and Delhi only.The migrant labour and others who have settled in Andaman generally come to their village for the local goddess festivals once in a year for 15 to 25 days and spend close to five days at sea. Once flights are launched it would cut their travel time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762969", "title": "Madurai set to be slum-free by 2013", "text": "MADURAI: The city's dingy slums are all set to shrink as the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board (TNSCB) has embarked on an ambitious project to make the temple city slum-free. Residents, who live in thatched and asbestos-roofed hutments lined on either sides of narrow lanes and neglected for several decades, are being moved to multi-storied buildings.TNSCB and the city corporation have identified 196 slum areas in Madurai for clearance and relocation. The enumeration of the socio-economic status of the slum dwellers is being carried out for the construction of flats and concrete houses under Rajiv Avas Yojana (RAY). The survey is expected to be completed by January 2013, but the officials have not set a deadline for providing alternative housing.The officials had fixed an ambitious target of making Madurai slum-free by 2013 five years ago itself, but the project didn't take off as expected. Officials offer several reasons for the delay and have now begun the project with renewed vigour.So far the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board has built 1566 flats for the slum dwellers in the suburban Rajakkoor. \"Out of this, 315 flats have been handed over to the beneficiaries from slums. Beneficiaries for the remaining 1,251 are being selected with the help of Madurai Corporation. Each house is about 273 square feet and will have a living room, bedroom, kitchen and an attached toilet,'' says P Ilangovan, superintending engineer, TNSCB.Initially, 331 slums within the Madurai Corporation area were identified for relocation of the residents. But later, the officials scrapped 135 of them from the list as they were already developed. \"It is estimated that 40,000 families are living in the 196 slums. We are in the process of enumerating the socio-economic status of the families. The work has been outsourced to a Chennai-based private firm. The enumeration works will be completed by the end of January,\" said Ilangovan. \"We are looking for suitable land for flat construction. As the Union government's norms insist that slum dwellers should be provided accommodation close to their present settlement, we are looking for nearby lands,\" the superintendent engineer said. This clause is meant to ensure that the residents don't lose their livelihood.TNSCB is preparing a detailed report to be sent to the Union government along with an year-wise action plan. Under the project, 50% of the fund for the construction will be provided by the Centre, 40% by the state government and 10% have to be borne by the beneficiary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763439", "title": "Patel power to play out in assembly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The politically powerful Patels have shown their prowess yet again. Two main political parties BJP and Congress were forced to give more tickets to Leuva Patels after chief minister Narendra Modi's arch rival Keshubhai Patel started a mass mobilization drive to convince the community to fight \"injustice\".BJP reaped the largest electoral harvest with \"P\" for \"P\" strategy with large number of Leuva candidates that it selected emerging victorious.In fact, with 29 Leuvas, 18 Kadvas and four Anjana and Chaudharis each emerging victorious, it is the first time in Gujarat's electoral history that candidates from this community have been elected in such large number. Anjanas and Chaudharis are Patels confined to some pockets of north Gujarat.The OBCs, the largest caste group constituting about 40 per cent of the state's population, got 60 MLAs of their community elected.The number of minority community candidates dropped from five in 2007 to two. Congress had given tickets to six Muslim candidates harping on its traditional vote bank.Kolis, who form about 15 per cent of population, remained loyal to BJP and 16 candidates, mostly in Bhavnagar district and coastal belt, are from this community.Politicial analysts said that with Hindutva losing its steam as an election plank, the 2012 assembly polls were clearly contested on the caste lines. This, nearly two decades after Madhavsinh Solanki's KHAM theory saw the Congress winning 149 seats in 1985.Kshatriyas in north and central Gujarat seem to have rallied behind their community strongman Shankarsinh Vaghela.Modi, himself an OBC from the Hindu Ghanchi community, could not get more seats in his own backyard in north Gujarat but gained significantly in OBC constituencies of Saurashtra and south Gujarat region. Fishermen folk, small farmers and sharecroppers and artisan voted for BJP in overwhelming number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762180", "title": "Family of man who died saving kids to get relief", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed the Tiruvallur district collector to pay compensation to a woman whose husband died during a valiant bid to save three children who had waded into a canal last year.Though the three children were saved, A Mercy Vinodhini's husband drowned after getting caught in the current in the canal bringing Krishna river water to the state near Chevvapet on May 27, 2011.Left with two children to take care of, Vinodhini approached the Tiruvallur district collector on November 22, 2011, saying her husband was a member of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural Labour and Social Welfare Organisation since 2006, and hence she should get adequate compensation for his death.She enclosed all necessary documents such as first information report and other certificates to claim the benefit. When there was no response from the collector, she approached the high court seeking 5 lakh compensation besides a direction to the collector to grant educational funds for the children up to their technical degree.When the matter was taken up for hearing, special government pleader M S Samy informed the court that he had written to the district collector, who is the competent authority to issue such orders, asking him to take appropriate action. \"Till date there is no reply,\" he said.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar directed the collector to sanction the amount within four weeks, and said, \"The writ petition is disposed of with a direction to the district collector to consider the application of the petitioner dated November 22, 2011 seeking extension of benefits and pass appropriate orders sanctioning the eligible amount within four weeks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762373", "title": "Schools start posting nursery criteria online", "text": "NEW DELHI: With nursery admissions starting in less than a week, schools have begun posting their admission criteria - points allotted to parameters or categories for drawing lots - on their websites.At the recent meeting of the Delhi School Education Advisory Board, school bodies promised increased 'weight' to distance. While points for distance have increased, the increase is not appreciable in most schools.The sibling category still claims a large chunk along with the alumni category.Tagore International School, Vasant Vihar, has allotted 30 points - the maximum - for \"eldest child\" and 20 for distance and that too for \"Areas where school transport is available.\" Delhi Public School R K Puram's junior wings at East of Kailash and Vasant Vihar haven't declared their distribution of points yet but principal D. R. Saini confirms increase of points for distance but by only one. Distance points have increased from 26 to 27, 12 to 13 for alumni, six to seven for single parents and six to seven for girl child. But this increase has been achieved not through redistribution of points but by increasing the total number from 94 to 100. \"We follow the RTE for the definition of neighbourhood. It is 27 points for the first kilometer, 21 for three and 15 for six,\" says Saini.At Bal Bharti School, Pusa Road the categories are what they were last year - EWS (25%), management (20%), sibling (20%), alumni (5%), general category (30%) - and lots will be drawn for each. There is no separate category for distance but only those living within 7 km are eligible to apply. Bal Bharti Pitampura is following the same system. Sanskriti School has only 10% seats for general category and has allotted a maximum of 25 points - the same as last year - for distance; it's 20 points for siblings, 5 for alumni.Bal Bhavan Public School, Mayur Vihar, has also released its list - a maximum of 30 points for neighbourhood (same as last year) and 20 for siblings; Richmondd Global School, Paschim Vihar, has allotted the same number of points - 30 - for neighbourhood but 25 for siblings. However, there are schools like Ahlcon International, Mayur Vihar and Bloom Public School which award as much as 40 and 50 points respectively for distance.Social Jurist Khagesh Jha said the definition of neighbourhood should be standardized. \"Some schools mean the areas on bus routes while some specify where they want students from. There are schools giving points for students living 20 kilometers away when they should be following the RTE-prescribed break up of one-three-six kilometers,\" says Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765488", "title": "Vijay says no to Rajinikanth's title", "text": "Director A L Vijay is for a while choosing a suitable title for his film starring Vijay and Amala Paul and it was also tentatively titled 'Thangamagan', the name of Rajinikanth's 80s film. Ilayathalapathy Vijay, who has recently completed the first schedule for his upcoming AL Vijay's directorial, seems to have said no to Superstar Rajinikanth's titles or for that matter any used title.Producer Chandra Prakash Jain and director AL Vijay seems to be in discussions to come up with the new and un-used title for the film which has young G V Prakash scoring the music who has already composed a song.It is to be remembered that A R Murugadoss directed Vijay starrer ' Thuppakki ' underwent some problem with its title. Perhaps that's the reason Vijay doesn't want to us already used titles. Now the team is involved in selecting an apt title and it is expected that soon they will confirm the title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17766155", "title": "Bengal readying to sip daab water in bottles", "text": "KOLKATA:Care for some daab water? Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's focus on small investors will soon see packaged coconut water in local stores.The state food processing department is currently studying a state-of-the-art technique for packaging bottles of daab water.It will collaborate with the Indian Institute of Packaging to sell coconut water and highlight that fact that one portion of coconut water is equivalent to three portions of water.An official said, \"Coconut water is rightly termed as the fluid of life because its chemical composition is equivalent to that of the blood plasma. Coconut water can hydrate us instantly for the loss of electrolyte in the body. The coconut water offered by us contains more than 100 % of RDA of vitamin C that is vital for maintaining strong immune system in the human body.\"The official added, \"It is highly treasured as it is free from fat and cholesterol. Coconut water has more potassium than a banana and can hydra the body instantly for lost electrolytes during summer heat.\"The state government will also seek advice from a group in Chennai that processes, exports and supplies a high quality range of coconut water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17755565", "title": "Geeta Basra wants her secret Santa to grant her wish!", "text": "Actress Geeta Basra's much talked about song from her new film is just days away from going on air.And while the actress is excited on the professional front, on the personal front - this is also probably the first time that she cannot make it to London to spend Christmas with her family.Says Geeta, \"Christmas is one of the most anticipated festivals in UK. I remember as kids we used to really look forward to it. As the day came closer we used to start decorating the house with pretty baubles and stuff and prepared the Christmas goodies. We also expected gifts from Santa, which was conveniently conveyed to my parents and on Christmas Eve the house would be filled with gifts and goodies. I also remember baking my first Christmas cake - when I was only seven. That was one memorable Christmas day, as my cousins from India had come to spend the entire week with us.\"She also remembers the mass. \"Attending the Christmas mass was another thing I used to look forward to during Christmas. Till date this festival is celebrated with great fun, frolic and enthusiasm, which unfortunately I would be missing this year as I am caught up with work commitments. Though somewhere I do hope my secret Santa would grant me my wish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762237", "title": "Jangalmahal projects fight against time", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will visit Jhargram in West Midnapore on January 5 to attend the Jangalmahal festival that will kick off on January 1 with a friendly football match between East Bengal and Jangalmahal XI. Highly placed government officials said the chief minister will also take stock of the progress of development projects in Jhargram and surrounding places that she had announced during her previous trips to the Jangalmahal.Mamata had earlier announced a host of projects in the Jangalmahal districts of Bankura, Purulia and West Midnapore. The Public Works Department (PWD) has started working on the projects but most of them have been running late. While the PWD is burdened with the pressure to execute so many projects within time, the West Midnapore district administration has received another letter from Writers' Buildings last month that seven more new government colleges will come up at Daton block II, Gopiballav Block II, Kharagpur Block I and II, Mohonpur, Keshiari and Chandrokona I. The order was prepared following the chief minister's last West Midnapore visit on October 5. Sites have already been identified for these colleges and a detail project report is being prepared.Among the projects that the PWD has initiated in West Midnapore include a Rs 6-crore sports academy at Jhargram, stadia at Salboni and Nayagram, government colleges at Salboni, Lalgarh and Nayagram, a polytechnic college in Rangarh and ITIs at Khatra, Salboni and Balarampur.During her last visit, the chief minister had instructed officials to complete the projects within the stipulated time. However, though a tentative deadline of 2013-end has been fixed for completion of the projects, most of them are moving at a snail's pace and some of them are just in the formative stage.Work on the sports academy in Jhargram, which is expected to be completed by November 2013, has just started. Also, stadia at Salboni and Nayagram that are expected to be completed by October 2013 have just been initiated with the digging work.Work on the government colleges at Salboni and Nayagram have also been initiated and the spot at Lalgarh has only been identified. Digging work is going on for the polytechnic college at Ramgarh. Work of the nursing training college in Lalgarh is yet to start.This apart, construction of 1,500-km road under the Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana scheme that has been planned for 11 blocks at Salboni, Midnapore, Goaltore, Garbeta II, Jhargram, Nayagram, Binpur, Belpahari and Gopiballavpur is yet to gain pace. Work has just started in different places.The PWD got sanction of some funds from the finance department to execute its work in Jangalmahal and parts of North Bengal. Apart from the infrastructural projects, the CM has also been stressing on the social welfare schemes, like distribution of ration cards and kishan credit cards for the BPL families and to improve the 100-day work programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763218", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death certificate given to wrong widow", "text": "CHENNAI: Kancheepuram district administration has transferred the record clerk from the sub-registrar office in Sriperumbudur who had issued a death certificate of former PM Rajiv Gandhi to a woman claiming to be Gandhi's widow.After the sub-registrar officer Ramalingam issued the death certificate copy to a woman, who identified herself as Sabeen Firdous from Hyderabad, the Kancheepuram district authorities have ordered a departmental probe into the incident. The probe will look into the procedures followed before issuing the certificate.Based on the report, the Kancheepuram district administration ordered transfer of the record clerk B Natarajan, who had given the death certificate to the woman. A revenue official at the Kancheepuram district collectorate confirmed his transfer with immediate effect.A revenue official said, the issuing of death certificate is not confidential, but what has caused discomfiture is that she claimed to be Rajiv Gandhi's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761217", "title": "Revellers slam police for spoiling Christmas party with early deadline", "text": "MUMBAI: Revellers who get to spend more time at their favourite watering holes every Christmas are upset at being denied the opportunity this year. They say it is the police's responsibility to give them protection and police can't shy away from this basic duty.Bandra resident Michael Lobo, who is playing host to close friends and relatives from abroad, was refused a party time between 12.30am and 3.30am by a local bar. \"I took them to two more outlets as they wanted to see the nightlife. We had no option but to return home and party without drinks,\" he said.\"When the industry is looking for extra business and people are looking for some moments to relax and cheer up, it is surprising that one arm of the government gives permission for extended parties and another arm refuses to do so. If our own government is so divided what can you expect from people? Last year also the extension was given but without permission for music,\" said Meldan D'cunha of Soul Fry restaurant in Bandra, whose several friends had to do away with the late-night parties.\"Our city's nightlife is proving to be a disappointment for partygoers. Monday was Christmas Eve and one of the most celebrated party nights of the year besides New Years, but almost all major night clubs and discotheques were shut by 1.30am. Being the party season, having to search for a place to party in a spirited city as ours is a major letdown. They say Mumbai is the city that never sleeps, but if things go this way, all we'll end up doing is sleep,\" said Leanne Zara Rodrigues, a media professional.Deepankar Palshetkar, a Jogeshwari resident said, after a traditional tennis ball cricket tournament on Christmas day, his friends organise a grand dinner party every year at a Vikhroli restaurant, but won't be able to do so this year due to the early deadlines. \"Several youths from our residential colonies will not be able to celebrate,\" he added pointing out that it was difficult to hold such events anywhere outside other than a bar.Joshua Job, a SoBo resident said \"Last night was Christmas Eve, but it was very disappointing to see places and parties shutting down at about 1.30am. Our midnight services started at 11pm and was over only by midnight. To get from one place to another after that was another hassle, with the nakabandi at different places. I had invited friends from out of town telling them that the night life in Mumbai was one of the best, but to our disappointment, places and parties weren't allowed to go on for long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760858", "title": "Shivaji College International Mathematics meet on Dec 28", "text": "NAGPUR: World renowned scientists across the globe will deliver lectures and present papers in the international conference on the various fronts of mathematical sciences. This conference will be held at Shivaji Science College from December 28 to 31, to commemorate the National Mathematical Year which will witness around 400 worldwide participants.Padma Shree Vijay Bhatkar will inaugurate the event to be graced by Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal and Shivaji Education Society chairman Arunkumar Shelke. Former VC of North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, KB Patil will deliver the keynote address. The entry will be free for all students and research scholars but the participants will have to shell out money for paper presentation.Addressing the reporters, principal Devendra Burghate and chairman of Gaikwad group Mohan Gaikwad informed that the event will be conducted in collaboration with Abant Izzet Baysal University, Bolu, Turkey and city-based Gaikwad-Patil Group of Institutions.\"The conference will encompass all the prime areas in the field of mathematical sciences. The aim is to provide a platform to the students, research scholars and teachers of the region to get an exposure of exciting field of mathematics and spread awareness on the recent developments in the field,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760919", "title": "Married woman ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 20-year-old married woman hanged herself at her parents' place at Ashi Teka Naka on Monday. Deceased Resham Tarannum's body was found by her family members when they returned home. Rehsam hanged herself with a nylon rope.Resham had been staying at her mother's place for the last one-and-a-half months. Though no suicide note was found, police are not ruling out the marital dispute or torture at in-laws' place as the reason for the woman to take the drastic step.Pachpaoli police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17763809", "title": "Do aliens exist? We may find it out in 12 years", "text": "LONDON: Humans could make contact with alien life within 12 years, with the aid of the world's largest radio telescope, a leading UFO expert has claimed. One of the key questions whether extraterrestrial life exists, could be answered by 2024 with the development of a supersized 1.3 billion pounds radio telescope, the Daily Express reported. The development of the Square Kilometer Array (SKA) telescope will unleash \"new and exciting possibilities\" , according to former UK ministry of defence UFO project leader Nick Pope.\"I will be controversial and give you an exact year of when I believe first confirmation of contact will be made \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and that is 2024, the year in which if everything goes according to plan the Square Kilometre Array will be fully operational,\" Pope, who studied UFO sightings at the MoD for 21 years, said.The SKA, to be started in 2016, is set to be the world's largest radio telescope and will answer some of the fundamental unanswered questions of our universe . Made up of thousands of radio wave receptors covering 4,921 square km of the Earth's surface in the Australian outback , scientists have claimed it will provide alternative views of the universe than those seen with optical telescopes.Scientists leading its development have suggested the SKA will be 50 times more sensitive, and will survey the sky 10,000 times faster, than any other telescope . \"It will give astronomers insight into the formation and evolution of the first stars and galaxies after the Big Bang, the role of cosmic magnetism, the nature of gravity and possibly even life beyond,\" a spokesman for the SKA said.\"If there is a civilization within 100 lightyears this telescope could find it. We are now beginning to have the technology whether it's the SKA or maybe other telescopes that are being developed that will allow these possibilities. We are searching all the time for a shadow earth,\" Pope added. Recent research suggested that nearly 10 % of the population has seen a UFO, equally more than 6 million people just in the UK. \"When I was investigating UFOs, I investigated 2-300 reports each year. 10 per cent is an absolutely astonishing figure,\" Pope added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17767768", "title": "Testosterone makes men more honest: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Testosterone may be associated with aggression but a new research claims the male hormone also drives social behaviour and honest interactions.Researchers from the University of Bonn gave 46 people testosterone gel and 45 people a placebo. The next day, all 91 people were invited to roll the dice in private, report the numbers they landed on, and receive money based on their results with the higher rollers netting more cash.After paying out the participants, the researchers found that men who received the testosterone gel self-reported their numbers more honestly, Fox News quoted Men's Health as reporting.High levels of testosterone increase your sense of pride and boost your self image-and cheating puts both in jeopardy, said researchers.Besides fostering honesty, researchers have found that the hormone can help you do many other things. Researchers from Wayne State University compared two groups of men competing to win the attention of an attractive woman and found that men with lower testosterone didn't even stand a chance.Men with the highest testosterone levels were more assertive, controlled the conversation, and clicked better with women.Testosterone can even keep you healthy as low levels of the hormone have been linked to type 2 diabetes and obesity. Some studies have shown that men with lower levels stand a greater chance of suffering from heart disease.In another study, researchers compared hormone levels of 98 men with their willingness to take financial risks in a computer simulation.They found that men with more testosterone were willing to invest more money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "top priority for technology providers and practitioners will be to drive business transformation using technology solutions. given that the business environment is expected to remain volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous, businesses will be under pressure to reinvent the way they work. it service providers and practitioners will be expected to drive business transformation initiatives which help organisations optimize cost and increase productivity. it will consider business transformation initiatives like", "code": "17767837", "title": "IT delivery in 2013: 6 likely trends", "text": "Top priority for technology providers and practitioners will be to drive business transformation using technology solutions. Given that the business environment is expected to remain volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous, businesses will be under pressure to reinvent the way they work. IT service providers and practitioners will be expected to drive business transformation initiatives which help organisations optimize cost and increase productivity. IT will consider business transformation initiatives like: a) Workshifting: IT will drive programs like work from home or move work to a more optimized location and cut real estate cost and delight employees, b) Executive Mobility: IT will enable employees to work with people, apps and data from any device and any location thus increasing the productivity of employees.The role of IT organization is changing Today, there is a fundamental structural shift happening in the way we work. Compared to the old PC era wherein companies locked down computers allowing employees to only use monolithic products through a wired network in an office environment, today's workers are driving change because of the empowerment they're getting from powerful consumer devices and self-service cloud applications. So in effect, the set of assumption for IT has now been turned on its head and IT must get into service delivery. The role of IT has now transformed to respond to and for the way people need to consume \"it\" - the services, apps, data and information.In order to solve this problem, the only thing that will work is a holistic solution with many piece parts working together well, seamlessly to solve the problem. You can't just solve a single-sign-on problem or a mobile device problem as an island. These narrowly defined problems are now being stacked on top of each other and are much more interrelated and need to be solved inter-relatedly. The other way in which the role of an IT organization has changed is that they need to think of themselves as \"internal service providers\" - and having to \"compete\" against commercially-available apps/products. The \"IT-as-a-Service\" trend extends to service-providers, who are able to provide Windows and Desktops more efficiently than the IT organization itself - and IT shops are compelled to source desktops from outside their walls. IT's security/control/compliance models shift from the \"locked-down\" device, to the virtually-issued and controlled device.Consumerization of IT is here but how we view consumerization and mobility will continue to change. The levels of complexity will get even deeper with a plethora of heterogeneous form factors, platforms and devices coming into the workplace. IT will not be prepared to support and/or secure these devices with one solution alone. The core challenge here is that about delivering and securing the app and the data, not the device. With this difficulty, it will become impossible for IT to find one solution or set of solutions to secure these devices.To add to this, the heterogeneity is not just about the device, it will extend to the worker, the app, the location as well. What was once the standard office-based worker has morphed into office-based, temporary, remote, flex-time and mobile workers. What used to be primarily Windows apps has now become Windows, mobile, web and SaaS apps and workers need secure access to all their apps regardless of where they are \"located\". And location becomes heterogeneous. Apps may be delivered from the datacenter, from the web, or native on a mobile device and they will be delivered to many more locations than before.Mobility is a lot more than just devices or apps. The purview and definition of mobility will undergo a change as organizations will now need to consider how they will deliver all these apps to any user at any time regardless of the device. Mobility will not be just about user mobility but app mobility and moving apps around from datacenter to datacenter to cloud. An application may be delivered from two different locations to a user that could be anywhere. In the context of these newer realities, mobility won't really be about the device that enables it but being able to do what we want, where we want and when we want.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761069", "title": "Youth charged with minor's abduction, rape", "text": "BHOPAL: A youth allegedly abducted a 14-year-old school girl from Shahpura area and took her to Khandwa and later married her on November 29. However, the girl who was a diabetic later died on December 23.The Shahpura police on Tuesday have registered a case under sections of rape and abduction against three persons, including the youth Sachin, his father Bhaiya Lal and one other Jamuna Lal in whose house the youth resided with the minor in Khandwa.City superintendent of police, Rajesh Bhadoria told TOI that the girl was suffering from diabetes and she required insulin daily. She died in the absence of treatment there. But since the girl was a minor, a case of abduction and rape has been registered against the trio.The police said the minor girl was missing from her house from November 29. Her family had also lodged a missing persons' report here.However, the girl died in Khandwa on Sunday after which Khandwa police contacted Bhopal police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762665", "title": "3,000 subsidized solar pumps for farmers", "text": "JAIPUR: Buoyed by the success of solar water pumps in the first phase, the state government is set to roll out a number of pumps in next phase.With farmers able to save electricity and fuel (diesel) in as many as 14 districts, the state horticulture department will be distributing 3,000 solar water pumps across the state.\"We are planning distribute the pumps by the end of the February. The department has already invited expressions of interest from solar pump set manufacturers. Around 12 manufacturers have been shortlisted to supply solar pump sets in rural areas,\" a senior official said.Officials claimed the pump will be given to the farmers at a lower price as compared to the earlier distribution. \" The 3HP solar power surface pump would cost Rs 4.25 lakh while the 3HP submersible solar pump with a maximum 75-metre head would cost around Rs 4.85 lakh. \"\"Last time the same pump cost around Rs 5.70 lakh. However, prices have come down due to competition,\" he added.Under the scheme farmers will get 86% subsidy on the cost of the pump, only having to pay the remaining 14%.Officials explained that solar pump sets are attached to the water source. The pump's solar panel converts the solar energy into electrical power, which runs the motor to pump water. A 3HP solar water pump set saves approximately 15-20 units of power every day.In 2008-2009, the state government had installed 14 pumps on an experimental basis. Later, in 2010-11, 36 pumps were distributed, followed by another 1,675 pumps this year. \"So far, the farmers of Ganganagar have taken maximum advantage of the scheme as this district was water sufficient. Last time, 621 solar pumps were distrusted in Ganganagar,\" the senior government official told TOI.\"A farmer has to majorly fulfill three requirements for a solar pump subsidy - a storage source, a drip system and they should cultivate cash crops,\" he added.In this phase, solar lights will also be attached with the solar pumps as it was seen to be a major requirement for farmers working in fields in the dark.Meanwhile, farmers already using the solar pumps have shown satisfaction with the results. Farmer Kulveer Singh of Ganganagar told TOI, \"With the help of the pump, money spent on fuel consumption is saved. In one hour, 2.5 litres of diesel is required, and in a day a generator is run for at least 8 hours. The solar pump is very cost effective.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "17762212", "title": "Alert boy helps rescue abducted Shettar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin", "text": "BAGALKOT: An eight-year-old boy, Aravind was rescued in Bagalkot on Monday, thanks to clues provided by another boy studying in the same school.The abducted boy Aravind is the son of a doctor, SB Dandin, a maternal uncle of chief minister Jagadish Shettar. Three persons have been arrested in this regard.Aravind was kidnapped for ransom by a former employee of Dandin Hospital, owned by the boy's father, on Monday evening. At around 4.30 pm, when the boy was returning home from school, the main accused Basavaraj Bhairegouda whisked him away in a car. Bhairegouda had quit the hospital six months ago. He along with his associates Chennaiah Totad and Basavaraj Shankreppa Hullur had allegedly plotted the kidnap.After abducting the boy, the trio called up his parents, demanding Rs 7 lakh in cash before 7 pm. Soon the police were informed. During the course of investigation, Nisarga Kanthi, a class X student from Aravind's school, informed them that he had witnessed the boy being taken in an Indica car. He gave the police a description of the car along with a valuable clue: a sticker with the name Appaji that was fixed on the back of the car. Using call records, police located the area in Kushtagi where the culprits were holed up. Police officials fanned across the area and at around 8.30 pm traced the kidnappers' car which had the sticker pasted on it. Soon the accused were in police net and the boy rescued.Incidentally, CM Jagadish Shettar, who is related to the boy, was touring Bagalkot district when the incident occurred. The police operation was kept under wraps until Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17763588", "title": "17 cattle die of ailment in Tapi", "text": "SURAT: Sudden and mysterious death of 17 cattle heads in two villages of rural Tapi district of south Gujarat has become an issue of major concern for officials of health and animal husbandry departments.While 10 cattle died in Varde Khurde village of Uchhal taluka, seven have died in Karanjvel village of Vyara taluka.Some other cattle heads, including those belonging to local Congress MLA Punaji Gamit are showing distinct symptoms. While officials have put their number at four, villagers claim them to be at least ten.Deputy Director of Animal Husbandry Dr KL Modi suspects these deaths to be toxin related. \"It can be Haemorrhagic Septicaemia (HS) or Jujanile Hemorrhagic Septicemia (JHS) that has caused these deaths. But only the results of culture tests of serum will confirm,\" he said.The serum was collected by officials accompanied by a team from Navsari veterinary college on Tuesday. Officials claim that they have inoculated all the cattle heads in these villages with HS vaccine. It takes 14 days for vaccine to start showing results. Farmers and locals who have lost their cattle claim that they developed the symptoms after consuming grains in the last five days. Officials suspect that some bacteria might have developed in the grains that could have caused HS or JHS.Gamit told TOI, \"The symptoms are visible on neck, throat and tongue. The neck is swollen and darks spots develop on tongue of the animals.\"Officials said they have taken precautionary measures following a forecast of HS in this area. They said that neglect on the part of cattle owners is also responsible for the deaths. \"We find it very difficult to convince them to get the cattle treated. Majority of them discontinue the treatment once the cattle show little sign of improvement,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762670", "title": "Don't drink and drive, cops spread the word", "text": "GURGAON: Days ahead of the New Years Eve, which gives everyone a reason to party and get drunk, the Gurgaon traffic police, in association with two private companies - SABMiller India and Home Safe - took to the streets to spread awareness among the residents of Gurgaon on responsible drinking.Representatives of the Gurgaon traffic police flagged off the 'Respect The Road - Don't Drink and Drive' campaign on Tuesday to educate the public on choosing alternatives to drinking and driving.As part of the campaign, volunteers will spread across the major intersections of Galleria Market, Huda City Centre and IFFCO Chowk to interact with the public and give away scratch cards assuring 'Respect The Road' - Don't Drink and Drive merchandise. The volunteers will also quiz commuters on basic road safety and drinking and driving regulations.Last year too, the Gurgaon police had conducted the same drive starting Diwali.The police had issued 7,623 challans for drunk driving in 2012 till October as compared to 12,046 in 2011 during the corresponding period.Anil Rao, joint commissioner of police, said 20 high power \"dragon light\" torches have been provided to the cops on night duty. These torches help see the insides the vehicles even during the foggy conditions. They have been also provided jackets which glow in the night.Three all-women PCRs vans have been deployed, besides having women constables in other PCRs. Traffic cops are periodically conducting drunk driving drives on weekend with assistance from citizen volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17766259", "title": "The palmist who predicted Mamata's victory", "text": "KOLKATA:Chief minister Mamata Banerjee who has passionately campaigned against the CPM's \"misrule and the prevalent dalatantra (party nepotism) of 34 years\" has once again sparked a controversy by recommending a fortune-teller in the executive committee of the West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences ( WBNUJS). The man had predicted her landslide victory in the 2011 Assembly election.Mamata has appointed Nemai Banerjee as socio astro-palmist in the executive committee. Banerjee, doctoral degree holder from the East West University of Holistic Sciences, United States (Mumbai campus), has several major predictions to his credit, including the assassination of Indira Gandhi on 31 October, 1984 and Mamata coming to power in West Bengal.At Mamata's behest, Banerjee has several VVIP clients, including Trinamool Congress heavyweights, who seek his predictions on their political and extra-professional careers.But officials in the state secretariat are tight-lipped on the appointment apprehending that it might cause a furor. All they said was that the matter has been placed before the new law minister Chandrima Bhattacharya. The chief minister seems to be in a habit of appointing inappropriate people in various government bodies. She has recently appointed the brother of food minister Jyotipriya Mullick as a member of the state public service commission, where only retired bureaucrats are accepted as members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762153", "title": "Ex-judges not in favour of death penalty to rapists", "text": "KOLKATA: With protesters in Delhi demanding death penalty to rapists, the Centre has appointed former Chief Justice of India JS Verma to head a committee that will review laws related to sexual assault. While the panel seeks suggestions from NGOs, jurists and the public on the present laws protecting dignity of women, a number of former Supreme Court and high court judges feels death penalty won't help. Life sentence will be a better punishment, they said.While the committee seeks suggestions from the public, NGOs and jurists on the inadequacy of present laws on protecting the dignity of women, a number of former judges of Supreme Court and high court felt death penalty will not ultimately help. These legal luminaries felt death penalty can only endanger the rape victim, as rapists might try to kill the victim to wipe out evidence.Former Supreme Court judge Justice V S Malimath, who headed the criminal justice reforms committee earlier, is against death sentence. \"I do not support death sentence for rapists.There is death sentence for murder, but has it helped to reduce murders? We make laws, but it cannot reform characters of rapists. Education is needed from childhood to inculcate moral values. Parents and school has to train to control the animal instinct in us,\" he said.Justice Malimath's were echoed by Justice Ruma Pal, a former Supreme Court judge, said death penalty for rapists will not help. \"The judge may not agree and can give benefit of doubt to the accused. It will be better if life sentence is the only punishment for rape. Investigations need to be time-bound in rape cases since delays are frequent and attempts are made to buy witnesses.\"\"Women are not treated equally with men in our society, so children should be taught to respect women. Rape is not a question of sex, it is a question of power. There should be zero tolerance against persons negligent in handling rape cases. Investigating officers should be held accountable,\" Justice Pal added.Bengal human rights commission chairman and former Supreme Court judge Asok Kumar Ganguly felt use of DNA samples could help to nab rapists.\"There is a need to fast track courts to handle rape cases. Police need to be sensitized. Often rapists enjoy political patronage and the power of muscle and money,\" Justice Ganguly said.Justice M A Siddique, chairman of national commission for minority's educational institutions and a former judge of Delhi High Court felt death penalty can only endanger the life of the rape victim, a fear shared by both Justice Ganguly and Justice Pal. \"For removing evidence the rapists can try to kill the victim. Mostly rape is held in isolated place, who will save the victim?\"Views of justices Ganguly and Pal found support in Justice M A Siddique, chairman of the national commission for minority educational institutions and a former judge of Delhi high court. He felt death penalty will only endanger the life of the rape victim. \"For removing evidence, the rapists can try to kill the victim. Mostly, women are raped in secluded places, who will save the victim?,\" said Justice Siddique.Some judges, however, felt the present laws were enough to handle rape cases. Justice R N Roy, former chief justice of Allahabad high court, said death sentence is for the rarest type of crime. The present laws are sufficient to handle rapists, he felt.While Justice SM Soni, a former Gujarat high court judge and a former Lokayukta of Gujarat, said that there are enough laws to handle rape cases, Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen, former chairman of state human rights commission, said the court can opt for death penalty in the rarest of rare cases. Since there is a Supreme Court guideline, there is no need to change the law, said Justice Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17761573", "title": "Polluted Hirekeri lake cries for attention", "text": "DHARWAD: Hirekeri which is also known as Koli Keri in the heart of the city of Dharwad is crying for attention. The residents of Hosayallapur area which forms part of old Dharwad are eagerly waiting for the state government to chip in and do something to save the lake and the lives of the people and animals living in surrounding areas as the highly polluted lake has posed severe danger to the people living nearby.A proposal for developing the lake has been sent to National Lake Development Authority and if everything goes well, the development works should be over in a span of two and half years. What is now needed is pressure on the Centre from the state government to clear the proposal.The Karnataka Lake Development Authority (KLDA) has already sent a proposal to the National Lake Development Authority (NLDA) for its clearance. When approved, the project will receive 70 per cent of the funds required from Central government while the state government will contribute 30 per cent.The lake spread over an area of 40 acres has high level of pollution thanks to Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation which dumps the garbage collected from the city near the lake. Tests have confirmed that the water in the lake is highly contaminated and is dangerous not only to human beings but also to animals and birds. The lake situated at the south-eastern gate of Dharwad adjoins agricultural fields on the one side, Hosayallapur and Hindu crematorium on the other sides.The water into the lake flows from the slopes of DC compound, Rajatgiri, Vidyagiri, Saraswatpur and Jannat Nagar. Along with storm water, the sewage water and garbage dumped nearby also flows into the lake which belongs to the minor irrigation department. Due to neglect, the lake has been a breeding ground for several deadly diseases.The proposed works include cleaning and de-silting the lake, diverting the sewage entering into the lake, prevention of entry of garbage, rectification of storm water drains so that only good water flows into the lake and effective diversion of unwanted materials. The bunds will be constructed with walking path around it. Development of a park would also attract urban birds and become an eco-friendly zone.In 1996-1997 the district lake development committee was asked to prepare a preliminary report for the development of Hirekeri. The then DCF Shrikanthaiah and ACF Shankar Sadhani had prepared a preliminary report. The minor irrigation department which had received funds for preparing a detailed project report (DPR) did nothing and instead took up some minor works on the lake. Thanks to initiative by MLA Chandrakant Bellad and the then DC Darpan Jain another DPR for Rs 5 crore was prepared by Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation and sent to KLDA which in turn has sent it to NLDA.Official speakDarpan Jain, joint secretary to chief minister said: \"I have information that the NLDA has cleared the proposal sent by the state government. However, the official intimation is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761954", "title": "Star hotels slash rates for New Year", "text": "BANGALORE: Those planning to ring in the New Year in star properties now have the option of staying back and welcoming 2013, courtesy the decision of most hotels to offer rooms at discounted rates.To drive up room-occupancy levels, which traditionally are low in the last few weeks of the year, hotels across the city have dropped their rates by 30% to 40% for the night of December 31. While some hotels are bunching the discounted rooms along with their New Year parties, others are throwing in freebies like complimentary breakfast or brunch along with lower tariffs.\"In the past couple of years, there is a growing trend of guests checking into hotels on New Year's Eve, as people want to party hard and not worry about driving back home,\" said Biswajit Chakraborty, GM, The Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa.The Swiss-based hotel chain, The Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa has received 50 to 60 room bookings on New Year's Eve and is offering guests room rates at Rs 3,000 per night along with a complimentary breakfast. But these discounted rooms are only being offered along with the hotel's New Year party package, which is priced at Rs 9,500 per couple. For guests not partying at the hotel, rooms are priced at Rs 4,500 for the night.Similarly, the Sheraton Bangalore is offering rooms at Rs 4,500 if booked along with their New Year party package that's priced at Rs 11,000 per couple. The hotel has already received around 80 bookings for its New Year party, with 50% of the guest list having booked rooms.ibis Hosur, which is not hosting any party, is offering rooms at Rs 3,000 per night with a complimentary breakfast. The discount on the rooms is approximately 33%.In November, the average room occupancy across star hotels in the city was in the range of 70% to 75%, which at present has dropped to around 35% to 40%. This is largely due to the holiday season, with much of the international business traffic only expected to start coming in the second week of January.Ista Bangalore is offering an all-inclusive package priced at Rs 8,000 per couple, which includes the New Year party, stay at the hotel, and brunch on New Year's.\"Last year on New Year's Eve, our rooms were sold out as the New Year fell on a Sunday. This time since the New Year is falling on a Tuesday, we expect to do around 50% room occupancy,\" said Siraj Mukherjee, GM, The Park, Bangalore. The hotel is offering a New Year party package, which includes a room and a complimentary breakfast, priced between Rs 7,500 and Rs 8,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762515", "title": "A lensman's view of a world in bloom", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nature is a repository of inspiration for 22-year-old Mohit Sudhera, who expresses his love for the fleeting but beautiful world through photography. The BTech IT student of Guru Nanak Engineering College said, \"Love for photography came as a revelation of sorts. It was sudden and abiding. I was wandering around Chaura Bazaar with my senior, who was taking pictures there when I experienced the strong desire to explore the world of images. I love being with nature and preserving its beauty for posterity. I do pictures of street life and rural life too but my favourite theme is nature.\"For this Model Town resident, nature in a city like Ludhiana is something one has to uncover through layers of concrete and glaring neon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765268", "title": "Yesteryear actress Vijeta Pandit's sister gone missing", "text": "Former actress and wife of music composer Aadesh Shrivastav, Vijeta Pundit is sickened and distraught with worry about her sister Sandhya Singh who has gone missing since December 13 .Vijeta whose fear is that her sister was killed for her jewellery just as she was about to enter the bank, is baffled that the Mumbai police have not been able to gather any information on the missing lady's whereabouts.Crazed with worry,Vijeta speaks in sobbing stream of emotions. \"What has happened to my sister? We don't know! She's happily married and she is the prettiest among us sisters. She's 2 years older than me. Unlike Sulakshana Didi and me she never wanted to be part of the cinema industry. She's happy being a housewife.The police seem clueless. For the 13 days I've been traveling back and forth from my home to the police station to my sister's place in Vashi. So far we've hit only a dead end. My sister was so happy. Her husband was a commissioner in the excise department and she had two lovely children whom she was extremely fond of .\"Then Vijeta corrects herself. \"Why am I speaking of her in the past tense? We're all praying she would return. Sandhya's one weakness is jewellery. She is too attached to jewellery and wears tons of it. She has lots of her husband's ancestral ornaments and she loves to flash them around. I always warn her not to travel with so much jewellery. Whenever she comes home I make her take off all the jewellery and tie it up in a handkerchief, put it in her purse before she travels back home to Vashi.\"Vijeta and the missing sister Sandhya's sister Sulakshana, who stays with Vijeyta and Aadesh and who is psychologically over-sensitive has not been informed about the family trauma.Sobs Vijeta, \"If Sulakshana Didi comes to know that our sister is missing, she wouldn't be able to take it. She wouldn't be able to bear the shock. I don't allow anyone to go into her room since Sandhya Didi went missing. If someone accidently blurts out the truth Sulakshana Didi will break down completely.Sulakshana Didi is like a pillar of strength in our house. Whatever my sisters and brothers have achieved is because of Sulakshana Didi.\"Breaking down in optimistic despair Vijeta says, \"I don't think she's dead. I think she's there somewhere. They (the alleged kidnappers) have taken her jewellery and will let het go soon. Please pray that is what happens....Could people have really hurt my sister for her jewels? Every day I am with the crime-branch officers. We roam around in a jeep looking crazily for my sister. Every day our hope diminishes.\"For Vijeta the current trauma is a reminder of her predicament last year when her husband Aadesh Shrivastav had fallen ill.\"When Aadesh was ill I was in and out of Jaslok hospital every day. Now I am in and out of the police station for my sister ever single day. I've no time for my husband and my sons. I don't know what I've done to deserve this. It's just tears and tears all the way. I've only suffered pain and stress and sorrow in recent times. I've forgotten my husband and children . I am only focusing on getting my sister back. I am not able to sleep. I am filled with horrible thoughts,\" Vijeta breaks down and sobs inconsolably.Vijeta and the family are helpless as the cops seem clueless. \"We know so many powerful officers and yet we can't find a woman who has gone missing in broad daylight. Can you imagine what ordinary people go through when family members go missing? The police are saying this is not a random crime. It was a carefully-planned kidnapping. And look at Sandhya's misfortune: On the day she disappeared from the bank the CCTVs in the bank were switched off. Nonetheless, it's strange that a woman with so jewellery vanished from the city of Mumbai and no one has a clue of her whereabouts. And look at the irony. Sandhya's brother-in-law is a commissioner of police! In fact her husband's family is replete with senior government officers. We're hoping the criminals would take the jewellery and release my sister.... Lekin kyon aisa karega ? She's the kind of woman who proudly throws her husband and his family's power into people's faces. She must have told her kidnappers how powerful her husband is. And they must have ...done the worst.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763071", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party opens Aurangabad cell", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has sought fast-track courts to take action against the MPs and MLAs involved in rape cases.\"Two members of Samajwadi Party (SP), two members of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), and one from Telugu Desam have been accused of rape,\" said Mayank Gandhi, member of AAP launched by social activist Arvind Kejriwal.Gandhi said that around 16 members of BJP and 18 members of Congress have been charged for outraging the modesty of women.Gandhi and AAP member Anjali Damania were in the city for constitution of the district committee here on Tuesday. Gandhi said that home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde should resign for the police action on students and other protesters at the India Gate.Citizens were protesting against the 23-year-old's gangrape in a moving bus in Delhi last week. Gandhi said that the political parties should take immediate action against its own members who have criminal records against women and no candidate must be allowed to contest elections in future.Damania said, \"Rape laws have been waiting to be passed by Parliament for seven years. A special session of Parliament should be called at such a time and the law should be made more stringent.\"The executive body of the party would have 15 members. \"It would be expanded to 25 members. The office-bearers cannot contest elections. No person with a criminal background would be allowed to become a member. Persons who have a record of fighting against corruption and against the administration regarding local problems will be given important posts in the party, \"Gandhi added.On police personnel engaged for VIP security, Gandhi said, \"Only ministers of prime importance should be allowed top security and the majority of the security personnel should be deployed for citizens' safety.\"Speaking to TOI about bridging the gap between rural and urban India, he said, \"The party's agenda would be to allocate resources in the rural parts and build a balance. Powers need to be decentralised at the local level and a top authority be engaged for decisions on major issues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761378", "title": "Atif Shaikh scalps six as Mumbai-U16 take lead in U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: A six-wicket haul from Atif Shaikh helped Mumbai Under-16 dismiss Gujarat for 163 on Day Two of the three-day Under-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy match on Tuesday.Replying to Mumbai's total of 231, Gujarat were all at sea against Shaikh and ended up conceding a 68-run lead. In the second innings, Mumbai were 80 for 1. Skipper Sairaj Patil was unbeaten on 39.Brief Scores: Mumbai U-16 231 and 80 for 1 (Sairaj Patil not out 39) vs Gujarat 163 (Kanthan Patel 56, Karan Patel 33; Atif Shaikh 6-57).Two gold, one silver for Mumbai boyFive-year-old Dev Shah of Dhirubai Ambani International School won unprecedented two gold and one silver medal in the 8th Asian Schools Rapid Chess Championship recently concluded at the Indira Gandhi Indoor stadium, in New Delhi, on Tuesday.Shah, a lower kindergarten student, won medals in all the three formats: standard, blitz &amp; rapid. Shah earned his first International Master (IM) norm after a brilliant display in the Hyderabad Fide Rating event this October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17766373", "title": "Mamata-backed intellectuals defends her stance in Park Street rape", "text": "KOLKATA:The Park Street 'rape' was different and a matter of dispute. Therefore, the Trinamool-backed intellectuals did not find it worth a cause to fight for, Arpita Ghosh, theatre person, has said at a convention organised by Natya-Swajan in protest against the Delhi gangrape.Her comment stoke fresh a controversy after chief minister Mamata Banerjee's \"sajano ghotona\" (concocted incident) slur on the tragedy.Ghosh insisted she was not trying to justify what happened in Park Street, saying: \"The Delhi incident is different from the Park Street incident. The woman of Park Street got into the car willingly but in Delhi the incident happened inside a public vehicle.\"Ghosh also took it upon herself to defend Mamata's stand: \"If you want to blame the chief minister, you have to first blame the woman because the persons whom she initially identified as criminals were not the actual criminals. The chief minister gave her reaction based on this report.\"Natya-Swajan is a Trinamool Congress-backed association of theatre personalities like Ghosh, Bibhas Chakraborty and education minister Bratya Basu as its faces. \"We protest everyday through our art. We don't have to wait for any incident to occur. Connecting Delhi incident with that of Park Street is not right,\" said Bibhas Chakraborty on being asked why they didn't protest when the Park Street rape.However, theatre people didn't accept why the police failed to file charge-sheet against the accused of Park Street incident. \"The administration must address these issues and hasten the process,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mecheri (salem)", "code": "17761888", "title": "Children were deployed to complete work on schedule", "text": "Mecheri (Salem): Hundreds of lives have been lost in accidents at fireworks units over the years. Yet, unit owners as well as state authorities who are expected to monitor them are scandalously callous about ensuring safety standards at the work places. No less shocking is the presence of so many children, three and three in hospital, at the unit.When asked about the presence of children inside the ill-fated unit, Salem district collector K Maharabhushanam said parents had bought the children to the unit and hence their presence at work cannot be considered a case of child labour. \"The children did not have school because it is Christmas and they could not be left at home when the parents go to work. So, they decided to take them along and hence we cannot say it was a case of child labour,\" he told TOI.However, local villagers confirmed that the children were employed as labour at the unit and those under the age of 15 were paid a daily wage of Rs 60 for helping their parents, also employed as daily wagers, in packing the fire crackers. Children aged between 15 and 20 years were paid Rs 100 per day. Women were paid Rs 250 and men over Rs 300.The firework unit had a contract to manufacture and supply different varieties of fire crackers worth Rs 7 lakh for the festival at the nearby Bhadrakaliamman Temple soon after Pongal. Relatives of the victims and other villagers claimed that the children might have been pressed into service to complete the order before deadline. Six children, including M Kesavan (13), his sister M Pavithra (12), S Manoj Kumar (12), Satish Kuppusamy (15), S Suriya (10) and Deepa Kuppusamy (16), were present inside the unit when the mishap occurred. Kesavan, Suriya and Deepa are dead while the others are in a critical state. Suriya was the unit owner Shanthi's son and it is yet to be confirmed whether he was helping out like other children at the unit.The license of the firework unit had expired on March 31, 2012 and though the owner had applied for renewal she was yet to obtain it.Officials, however, added that the license was initially under the name of her husband Saravanan. The family has been in traditional firework manufacturing business for more than three decades. Saravanan died in 2009 and Shanthi took over the business till she perished in the blast Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763193", "title": "Among blood donors, 157 found HIV positive last year", "text": "RAIPUR: Like any well-meaning citizen, Prakhar (name changed), a young man in his mid 20s, went to donate blood at a camp last year to fulfill his social responsibility. However, his world changed after the visit, as the blood test revealed that he was HIV positive.Prakhar was shattered. However, a year later, still unhappy with his fate, he's coping well and feels that the early detection, though unintended, saved his life.What happened to Prakhar brings to fore the grim reality of high prevalence of HIV positive people in the state who are ignorant of their status.Data provided by Chhattisgarh State AIDS Control Society (CSACS) reveals that of the total people who donated blood in 2011 in the state as many as 157 were found to be HIV positive. These people were not aware of the fact that they were carriers of the deadly virus. The detections happened as the donated blood is mandatorily tested for HIV virus and is completely destroyed, if found infected.Statistics show that there are 16 government and 22 private blood banks in the state, which collect blood through camps and also through replacements. Last year, 8185 units of blood was collected in camps and 50,132 people donated voluntarily.Of the 50,132 voluntary donations, 157 donors were found positive for HIV, implying that one out of every 320 people were carriers of the AIDS virus. According to the Chhattisgarh State Aids Control Society, transfusion of HIV-infected blood is also a major reason for transmission of the virus.The society stated that one should take blood only from a licensed blood bank where it is tested for HIV.In 2008, around 10,534 people had donated blood out of which 145 were tested HIV positive. In 2009 this figure increased to 150, from 24,164 donors. In 2010, of the 49,458 blood donations 154 were found to be positive for HIV.To deal with the problem, the CSACS has taken the issue seriously and kick-started awareness campaigns on HIV/AIDS , interacting with people in their local dialects on the requisite precautions to be taken for the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760814", "title": "Ex-marketing exec booked for Rs 4L fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Sitabuldi police have registered an offence of cheating and fraud to the tune of 4 lakh against a former marketing executive of an optical shop located at Temple Bazaar road on Monday. The accused, Rahul Modiyani, has also been slapped with charges of threatening the complainant.Shop owner Anant Lanjewar had approached the court with the grievance that Modiyani had delivered optical materials from his shop to other retailers in August this year and collected cash against such transactions pretending to be empowered to do so by the employer. Modiyani had been working at Lanjewar's shop for around a couple of years.Lanjewar has challenged Modiyani for unauthorized collection of cash against deliveries made. It is learnt that Modiyani abused his employer and threatened of dire consequences. Following the court's order, an FIR was filed against Modiyani, who is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765945", "title": "Priyanka Chopra, Irfan Pathan support adolescent girls", "text": "Cricket and Bollywood Tuesday joined hands against gender discrimination as Unicef brand ambassadors Irfan Pathan and Priyanka Chopra launched a website to support adolescent girls.The website - The Cheer-O-Meter comes as an extension of IPL team Delhi Daredevil's \"Dare to Care\" campaign for adolescent girls.Championing the cause of reducing discrimination against women, the campaign is meant to promote education and equal opportunities for girls.\"Even today, millions of girls continue to be deprived of their right to education. Early marriage keeps lakhs of girls from completing their studies,\" said Priyanka Chopra, urging people to join the cause.Irfan Pathan also appealed to the people and said: \"The entire Delhi Daredevils team is appealing to all our supporters to join hands in the fight for providing equal opportunities to adolescent girls.\"Speaking on the occasion, Louis Georges Arsenault, Unicef India representative said women are widely seen as a liability, and the mindset needs to be changed.\"Given the traditional mindsets on the issue of the gender, women have lower economic status, less livelihood opportunities and they have little say in their home. They are often seen as a liability,\" Arsenault said.\"This mindset needs to change making sure girls will not be married before 18, they will be able to complete school, they will be protected from gender based violence,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17762259", "title": "Endangered bird flocks back to state", "text": "BURDWAN: The lesser adjutant stork - a critically endangered migrant bird - has been sighted in Bengal's only oxbow lake in Burdwan, much to the delight of the locals and bird-lovers. Not only are they surprised to see the large stork arrive in numbers, what's added to their joy is the return of birds to the lake for the first time in three years.The lake, spread across 10km in Purbasthali or Chupi Char, was a favourite habitat for migratory birds few years back. But it got filthier and choked by hyacinth over the last decade. It would have remained deserted but for the initiative of two NGOs and a corporate house that cleaned up much of the wetland.\"For several decades now, the lake has been an integral part of the area's socio-economic activity and sustains fishermen, bird guides, boat operators as well as eateries and shops in the neighbourhood. When the lake was covered by hyacinth, the birds deserted the waterbody. So did birdwatchers. It adversely impacted all the villages located along the lake. We sent an appeal for help in mid-November,\" said Achinta Sinha of Kasthashalin Banobithi, a local NGO.The forest department had cleaned up Santragachhi Jheel earlier his year but it was unable to act in Purbasthali because the lake is not a protected wetland. For years, it was refreshed naturally with river Ganga's flow and the annual floods that swept off the hyacinth. But since 2,000, the lake has never overflowed due to lack of rainfall. This led to hyacinth clogging the lake.\"As the government did not intervene, the once lively lake turned into a clogged waterbody. Water birds like lesser whistling ducks, northern shoveler, northern pintail, cotton pygmy-goose, common coot and Indian pond heron that were regular visitors lost their annual sanctuary as the water shrunk,\" said Arjan Basu Ray of Nature Mates, which had cleared the Santragachhi and Bijoygarh lakes.Nature Mates managed to rope in corporate body Magma Fincorp and the clean-up started on December 4. \"We try to engage in social activities because we are conscious that our business - financing vehicles that emit pollution - has an adverse impact on it,\" said Magma Fincorp senior vice-president Kaushik Sinha.Over the next three weeks, 600 men with the help of three country boats removed a significant amount of hyacinth, facilitating the mobility of the waterbody and creating a significant opening for birds.Even before the job was done, a flock of lesser adjutant stork arrived at the lake, taking bird watchers completely by surprise. \"I have been going to Purbasthali every winter for nearly 25 years and have never spotted the lesser adjutant stork. Just sighting the birds was so rewarding,\" said Basu Ray.Since then, more birds have arrived at the lake, bringing smiles back to despondent fishermen and eco-tourism operators. \"The socio economic scenario plays a vital role in implementing conservation initiative. When locals benefit from natural resource, they tend to protect them for their own survival and well-being. That's what has happened in Purbasthali,\" said block development officer Mudassar Mollah.Conscious that the initiative has to be sustained over a few years to ensure that the lake remains clean and birds arrive regularly, the NGOs and the corporate body have decided to continue the activity for at least three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761548", "title": "Special squads to handle crime against women", "text": "MUMBAI: Special teams of six to seven women cops have been formed at the local police station-level in the city on the police commissioner's instructions, to handle crime against women. The teams will be assisted by detection officers to catch the accused or miscreants. A core committee of educated women will simultaneously get close to victims to get details about problems faced from local goons.Navghar police senior inspector Ganesh Gaikwad said the idea behind forming the squads was to get closer to victims of sexual abuse. \"Their job is to keep an eye at vulnerable spots and with the help of male colleagues nab those found misbehaving with women. The squads will team up with mahila committees to conduct weekly meetings with housewives from various localities and get to know their problems,\" said Gaikwad.Police commissioner Satyapal Singh confirmed that special squads have been formed to protect women. Senior police officials said they were taking help from women's bodies as they understand the problems better. \"We are seeking their suggestions to make Mumbai the safest city,\" the officials added.An officer said more women have been transferred to police stations from specialized units, following attacks on women. Also under consideration are weekly meetings of women's bodies.Another suggestion was to send women cops out on the streets to keep a check on rowdies and arrest them.The Ghatkopar police on Tuesday formed a committee of 10-12 working and educated women, who along with women cops will organize meetings and get closer to women who feel insecure. \"Senior inspector Ram Mandurke has formed a squad, which along with mahila committees will work on complaints and problems of victims. The victim's name will be kept anonymous, minimizing the risk of getting attacked by the accused,\" said inspector Rajkumar Kothmire.Ghatkopar homemaker and social worker Poonam Chaudhari said, \"The meeting was very informative and has helped committee members get a sense of confidence.\"To fight against crime. Every Saturday, we will meet women to discuss their problems and come out with solutions,\" Chaudhari, who is part of the committee, told TOI. The committee will also put up hoardings and distribute pamphlets on steps to be taken for self-defence.Additional commissioner of police (central region) Praveen Salunke said that the squads were not a new initiative. \"But they will be in action now and take on roadside Romeos. Stern action will be taken,\" said Salunke.Deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said he had formed an anti-eve-teasing squad on the commissioner's orders. \"Those caught will be booked under the Bombay Police Act and fined Rs1,200. A written assurance will be taken from them that they will not repeat their acts. If the act is committed by college students, their parents will be called and counseled in front of them, so that they stop their bad habits. The squad has been handling such cases on a daily basis, where miscreants are fined and let off after getting an assurance from them,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17761890", "title": "Family gets back baby stolen from Salem GH", "text": "SALEM: A new born baby which was stolen on Tuesday evening from the Government Hospital here was later identified accidently. Police said the woman who had run away with the boy was brought back to the hospital by the '108' ambulance service after the accused was found sitting near the Bus Stand.According to police, C Krishnaveni (28) of Kamarajar Nagar at Vezharpadi of Salem had given birth to a baby boy on Monday night. She was accompanied by her grandparents, Palanisamy and Sellambbal. Tuesday morning, a woman called Kanchana (25) from Veeranam of Pallipatty near Salem, entered the maternity ward and chatted up the elderly couple claiming that she had come to visit a relative. In the evening, Palanisamy and Sellambbal went out to buy milk for Krishnaveni, who was sleeping, and asked Kanchana to stand by. When they returned they found Krishnaveni sleeping and the baby and Kanchana missing.By evening, some people from the Bus Stand called '108' ambulance to take a woman with a new born to the hospital. Krishnaveni's family identified the baby from the tag issued by the hospital. Later, while questioning Kanchana said she had three daughters and wanted a son. So, she stole the baby. Sevapattai police has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17763608", "title": "Society is averse to self-assured women", "text": "BANGALORE: The gruesome Delhi gang rape exposes a dangerous side of our society. This has outraged people across the country.As a woman who believes that women must get out of the perception trap that makes them diffident, I am appalled at this rise in atrocities against women. We have been apathetic for far too long.The growing incidence of these heinous crimes is a sad reflection of the degenerating social ecosystem that echoes the past where women were suppressed, devoid of respect. For some inexplicable reason, even today's society is averse to a modern, self-assured woman who dares to break the mould.We must act now to ensure both the safety and respect of women. Here are some steps which, I think, will make Bangalore safer for women.LEGAL REFORMSAll sexual assault cases must be declared as non-bailable serious offences and offenders jailed at the first instance until the case is heard out. A special fast-track court must be set up with a mandate to give a ruling in 30 days.Gang rape must be considered third degree rape with sentences ranging from life imprisonment to death penalty in the rarest of rare rape cases. I believe strangers assaulting women should be subjected to chemical castration.The scope of sexual crime must be widened to include verbal abuse.ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMSAll public transport like buses must have armed escorts after 6 pm. All public and private transport must be GPS-enabled. A blanket ban must be imposed on dark films and tinted glasses in all vehicles and offending vehicles compounded.All commercial vehicle licences must be subjected to annual renewal after police verification and GPS capability certification. Driving licences for commercial drivers to be issued after police verification and licences renewed annually.Helplines must work 24x7. The number of police patrol vans must be increased after 6pm. Policemen must be sensitized to take prompt action in case of crime against women.We need to take a serious view on mending the social fabric. We need to relook at the moral values that we give to our children. The boys of this country need to be instilled with a sense of respect for all women and schools must start the sensitization process. I think change of mindset is the biggest challenge that we face today.(The writer is CMD, Biocon)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17766376", "title": "New social network may reduce pollution in Beijing", "text": "BEIJING: Three young Americans have launched in this Chinese capital a \"green\" initiative to combat pollution and excessive traffic with an online and iPhone service whereby people can share their vehicles at no cost with others, a daily reported.The service, called \" wodache\" (\"I take a car\" in Mandarin), offers a technological platform connecting drivers with potential passengers, with the former posting the route they intend to follow and the latter indicating whether or not they want to ride along, thus reducing traffic in the capital, South China Morning Post reported.The service only provides the information, and it's up to users to select which vehicle they want to ride in or whether they are willing to transport more passengers, and the driver retains the right to choose whether to accept a certain passenger or not.The platform also offers the possibility to rate the \"quality\" of drivers and passengers and to downgrade those who are late.The trio behind the initiative consists of three young Americans of Chinese ancestry - Eric Wang, James Hu and Jeff Hsu - and they said that their main aim is to help reduce traffic problems and pollution, although they hope that over time, as the service gains users, they will be able to glean a profit from it.\"Wodache\" will also offer long-distance services, for instance around the Chinese New Year when many people return to their homes in other provinces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761098", "title": "X-mas celebrated at DPS", "text": "BHOPAL: Christmas celebration at DPS, Bhopal took place with great exuberance and enthusiasm. The morning assembly started with prayers to the Almighty, a welcome speech to the dignitaries, a short skit performed by students based on the life of Christ followed by a beautiful theme talk enumerating the essence of Christmas. Thereafter, a group of students dressed as fairies entertained with their performance and wonderful synchronization. The assembly ended with new year resolution and vote of thanks by class-V students.Principals meet at Billabong: A meeting of principals of various ICSE affiliated schools was organized here recently at the Billabong High International School, Bhopal. The principals gathered for discussion on the syllabus and examination conducted by ISC. Sujata Lakhani, principal of Billabong High International School, after giving a welcome speech to the guests briefed about \"Whale Done\"- a motivational approach to teaching on the occasion. A resolution was passed to the effect that an independent status should be granted to the Madhya Pradesh chapter of the association and that it should be de-linked from the Maharashtra Unit of which it is a part now.Winter carnival: The IPS Winter Carnival 2012 started on a jovial note. The carnival was inaugurated by Alok Nanda, vice chairman of GVN - The Global School .The IPS is celebrating winter carnivals since 3 years and around 8000 plus guests attended Sunday's event. Over 50 food and games stalls were put up. A special food adulteration awareness stall was installed to educate thousands of visitors by providing tips to test food adulteration at home. Apart from that, the IPS school orchestra created a vibrant atmosphere for the visitors. Principal IPS, PS Kalra said, \"the event was unique\".Reinvogoration camp organised: A reinvigoration camp was held at Suknaya Blossoms a play and finishing school on December 25 for children between 12 and16 to inculcate in them ethics and a positive approach towards life. The event was organised by child psychologist Reena Rajput . It was organised under the guidance of nutritional advisor Jyoti Shrivastav, career counsellor Aparna and yoga trainer Neetu Gautam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17763485", "title": "Nepal medicos rally against Delhi gang rape", "text": "MOTIHARI: Protest over the Delhi gang rape has now reached the neighbouring country, Nepal. Girls and boys of National Medical College (NMC), Birganj, on Tuesday took out a rally and marched through the main thoroughfares of Birganj town, the second largest commercial city of Nepal, adjoining the Indo-Nepal border.Some housewives also joined the rally. The students marched from Tribhuwan Rajpath to Ghantaghar roundabout under the leadership of Dr Vishal Pratik, professor in radiology department. The rally later converged into a public meeting near Ghantaghar. It was the first protest in Nepal against the Delhi rape case.The agitated students vent their anger and demanded capital punishment to the accused to teach a lesson to offenders. They also demanded special legislation for the security of girls and women in all the countries under SAARC. They were shouting slogans and carrying placards like 'hang the rapists', 'give social security to girls', and 'stop atrocities and sexual abuse of women'. A delegation of girls and boys met the Consulate General of India at Birganj and submitted a memorandum in this regard. They also sent a memorandum to the PM of Nepal and Indian ambassador's office in Kathmandu .On the Indian side at Raxaul town, teachers, students, girls, boys, housewives and businessmen organized a joint protest march under the leadership of Prof Anil Kumar Sinha, which marched through the main road and demanded speedy punishment to the Delhi rapists. The girls were shouting slogans like \"nariyon par atyachar band karo (stop atrocities on women)\" and \"jahan garbh mein ladki surakshit nahi, waha sadko par kaise hogi (where a baby girl is not safe even in her mother's womb then how can girls be safe on roads).\"The students also took out a rally under the banner of the Chhatra RJD in Raxaul. Several organizations and girls of different schools took out rallies in Motihari from Sunday to Tuesday against the gang rape incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17760852", "title": "Kerala royal robbed of Rs 300 crore in jewels", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala police on Tuesday launched a manhunt to nab a three-member gang which allegedly killed a member belonging to the Mavelikkara royal family and robbed him of diamonds worth Rs 300 crore.B Harihara Varma was killed at the house of his advocate Haridas in Thiruvananthapuram where he had come for the sale of the diamonds. Haridas claimed the diamonds are worth Rs 300 crore.\"Haridas claims that both he and Varma were tied and forced to inhale chloroform during the diamond sale negotiations. We have to verify the genuineness of the statement,\" DCP P Vimaladithya, who is heading the special investigating team, told TOI.The DCP said it was not clear whether Varma had owned the diamonds as claimed by Haridas. Police are also verifying the lineage of Varma as some members of the Mavelikkara royal family of south Kerala had ruled out any relations with him.Police said the gang members had come to Thiruvananthapuram by air and the taxi used to flee the crime scene was traced.Leader of Opposition V S Achuthanandan has demanded a CBI probe into Varma's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17761639", "title": "100 take ill following food poisoning", "text": "HUBLI: Around 100 persons took ill on Tuesday following food poisoning and water contamination, in Kodaganur village of Ron taluk in Gadag district. Around 78 persons were admitted to Gajendragad government hospital, 10km from Kodaganur village. All of them are being treated for vomiting and diarrhoea. All are recovering, said doctors of Ganjendragad hospital.On Monday, villagers of Kodaganur attended a function and had dinner there. Late in the night, around 100 persons including women, men, children started vomiting. Dr D B Chennashetty, district health officer, Gadag, told TOI: \"We suspect it to be a case of food poisoning and water contamination.\"Ten doctors are attending to the patients at Gajendragad hospital, the DHO said. \"As the hospital has just 50 beds, patients have been forced to share beds,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765743", "title": "Hyderabad is beach bound this year-end", "text": "Move over Goa, Hyderabadis are heading to beach destinations like Macau and Bali this holiday seasonIt's that time of the year again when people take a break from the mundane, plan a trip and pack their bags to head out on New Year getaways. And Hyderabadis, who were earlier content to party in the city or inevitably head to Goa for a fun-filled weekend are now opting for overseas destinations. And Macau and Hong Kong are some of the destinations featured in the list of top picks.Bored of the same ol' parties in the city, many are in the mood to get away some place far. According to travel agents in the city, the favourite destinations for this New Year include Dubai, Thailand, Bali, Macau, Hong Kong, Philippines and other surrounding archipelagos. \"Weekend trips to these destinations are not very expensive, so people don't mind shelling out the moolah,\" says the marketing head of a travel company.Sabina Xavier, chief operating officer of a city-based travel club agrees. \"There are numerous beach parties planned at Phuket and the big Dubai shopping festival is scheduled to begin on January 3. There is also the Hong Kong Winter Fest going on currently. Plus, now there are direct flights to places like Macau from Hyderabad. It's no surprise that vacationers are picking these destinations,\" says Sabina, who is heading to Bali, along with her family, for the New Year's Eve. \"There have also been enquiries for South Africa , New Zealand and Australia,\" she adds.Beach bummingEngineer Dimple Agarwal, who is spending her New Year's Eve in Macau, says, \"For the last two years, I headed to Goa but now, it has become too commercialised and crowded. So, this time I picked Macau. They have unexplored beaches to surf on and the city is architecturally exciting too. I'm also looking forward to royally pampering myself with some special spa treatments.\"Entrepreneur Shreedevi Neekkanti adds, \"It's too cold to holiday in the Europe and the US. My friends and I are going to enjoy a beach holiday at Thailand this holiday season.\"Shopping fiestaHong Kong is a popular choice with the city's shopaholics. Businesswoman Racha Bagga, says, \"With the annual Hong Kong Winter Fest on, the children are excited. I'm looking forward to shopping at the many flea markets, where you get some stylish picks.\"Aamer Javeed, National secretary of NSUI, can't decide between a beach holiday and a shopping extravaganza. \"Every place in the city is overcrowded. So, it's refreshing to head out for a two-three day holiday. The idea of sitting by the beach, getting a tan and doing nothing is tempting, but I've to ensure I get to shop for my friends and family too.\"dipika.pillay@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "17763311", "title": "Drunk teacher goes on beating spree in Kheda", "text": "NADIAD: A teacher, who was reportedly in an inebriated condition, went on a whipping spree in a primary school in Khalal village of Kheda district, leaving at least six students of class V, including five girls, injured. The students were admitted to Nadiad Civil Hospital for treatment on Tuesday afternoon.On Monday, teacher Pravin Vaghela entered the class in Sarkhej Primary School and started whipping the students with a stick without any apparent reason. Students said Vaghela was drunk and did not specify any reason why he was beating them. There were 40 students in the class when the incident took place.The students went home and complained to their parents about the trauma. On Tuesday, parents approached Kathlal police station and lodged a complaint against Vaghela.\"The complaint was lodged by Vishnu Chauhan, whose son Ajay was injured and admitted to Nadiad hospital. We will arrest the teacher very soon,\" police sub-inspector J V Rathod said. He added that police are awaiting the medical report of injured students.A girl student admitted in the civil hospital told TOI, \"He (Vaghela) suddenly came into the class and started beating us with a stick without any fault of ours.\"Medical officer at civil hospital Dr Sanjay Nayak said, \"The injuries are not very serious. But we sent two children for x-ray examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17770177", "title": "Ram Charan is not injured", "text": "News reports of actor Ram Charan's accident created quite a flutter on the internet and were the talking point among the Mega fans. Reports claimed that the actor had suffered a severe nose injury while filming some action sequences for his next movie Naayak and that the doctors had advised him complete bed rest. But it turned out to be a false alarm. Apparently the actor is fine and even dubbed for Naayak.The actor's publicist, came out with an official confirmation squashing the reports. \"Megapowerstar Ram Charan did not meet with any accident or suffer any injury. He is fine and finished Naayak shooting successfully. Please do not believe any rumors,\" says SKN adding that the reports were the handiwork of some rumormongers.That must come as good news for his fans. Now that the film's shooting part is over the film's pre-release publicity is going to kick in. We can expect some fireworks this time around as the movie is expected to release just days before the Mahesh Babu - Venkatesh starrer, Seethamma vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17761843", "title": "Talks by ryots is an option: Nariman", "text": "MADIKERI: The Cauvery dispute between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu can only be resolved by farmers of both states sitting together or by an independent body like Supreme Court, opined senior advocate Fali S Nariman.Nariman who is touring Karnataka along with his wife Bapsi as a state guest was at Madikeri, hwere he spoke to the press.Nariman, who is counsel for Karnataka in the case, said judges should have vision and foresight to come up with a solution. He mentioned about the Bachawat award which solved the Krishna water dispute and said that the Supreme Court kept away advocates and politicians and listened only to the engineers from both the sides before arriving at a decision and permanent solution. Bachawat award is held in high esteem even today. He also opined that legal processes will naturally delay finding solution and it is proper that farmers from both the states find a mutual solution. \"I have no faith in governments and political parties. I have faith only in India,\" he quipped. \"You cannot trust parties as a Congress or BJP person in Karnataka will speak in favour of Karnataka getting more water and the same party leaders in Tamil Nadu will speak in their favour, how can you have faith in them?\" he questioned.Asked about the present status, Nariman disclosed that the Supreme Court may come out with its order in June or July 2013.Matters have to be resolved with goodwill between the two states, but here is no goodwill, he remarked.MLC MC Nanaiah who spoke on the occasion recalled how he as a law minister, along with the then chief minister JH Patel tried to solve the problem, sitting with the then Tamil Nadu chief minister M Karunanidhi.He said that if a notification to the effect of Cauvery dispute is declared, the Cauvery River Authority and Cauvery Monitoring Authority will cease to exist and Cauvery Regulatory Authority will come into existence.Supreme Court advocate Brijesh Kalappa was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17764721", "title": "Home ministry announces Rs 10 lakh ex-gratia for family of dead constable Subhash Tomar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry announced on Wednesday an ex-gratia of Rs 10 lakh to the next of kin of Delhi Police constable Subhash Chand Tomar, who died here on Tuesday morning.An ex-gratia of Rs 10 lakh will be given to the family of Tomar in addition to the financial and other relief announced by the Delhi Police, a home ministry spokesperson said.The 47-year-old constable, who was injured during violent protests at India Gate on Sunday, died on Tuesday after battling for life in a city hospital.Tomar was posted in Karawal Nagar area and was called for maintaining law and order at India Gate area during the weekend protests over the gangrape of a 23-year-old girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753979", "title": "Top 10 Bollywood actresses in 2012", "text": "Be it Sridevi's comeback, Huma Qureshi's debut or Priyanka Chopra's portrayal of an autistic girl - the leading ladies of Bollywood continued to charm cinegoers with their beauty, charm and intense acting in 2012.Here are top 10 actresses, who left the audience awestruck in 2012:Sridevi: The Hawa Hawaii girl made her Bollywood comeback as a homely and dedicated housewife in English Vinglish . And one say it was a grand one. After 15-year sabbatical, with her flawless performance, Sridevi not only won the hearts of millions of middle-class Indian housewives, but also overshadowed the young actresses.Vidya Balan: If she made the nation made go Ohh la la... with her bold and sensuous act in The Dirty Picture in 2011, this year she came on screen in a serious and no-sense avatar in Kahaani . The thriller saw her carrying the entire show alone and helped her proved that she is talented enough to portray any character with conviction. With her intense acting, the 34-year-old changed the mindset that Bollywood is a male bastion.Katrina Kaif: Year 2012 saw Katrina in three different avatars - first, as a sensuous dancer in item song Chikni Chameli in Agneepath . Then she donned the role of a Pakistani ISI agent in Ek Tha Tiger and cherry on the cake was her protrayal of a religious girl in Yash Chopra Jab Tak Hai Jaan .Priyanka Chopra: The multi-talented actress, seen as ultra modern girl in films like Dostana and Anjaana Anjaani , stunned the audiences as an autistic Bengali girl Jhilmil in Barfi! . Priyanka did complete justice to the character and made viewers forgot her former beauty queen image. If that was not enough, she wowed everyone with her singing debut, international music single In My City .Anushka Sharma: With no film background, the young, cheerful and chirpy Anushka has carved a niche for herself in the industry with her spontaneous acting. She certainly has a gift for acting and it was evident in late filmmaker Yash Chopra's Jab Tak Hai Jaan . Despite the presence of Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif , she managed to stood out with her brilliant act.Sonakshi Sinha: She might not have got outstanding reviews for her acting, but has managed to work with leading stars of Bollywood - Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgn. Not only that, her films Rowdy Rathore and Son Of Sardaar made it to the Rs.100 crore club. Her latest release Dabangg 2 is also expected to be a box-office success.Kareena Kapoor: Audiences saw the Kapoor girl in different roles this year. If she played a vibrant hairdresser in Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu , she was seen as a Pakistani doctor in Agent Vinod . In Heroine , she played an actress, who goes through the harsh reality of stardom, while Talaash saw as a prostitute. One can say that Kareena has surely matured and trying to be versatile.Parineeti Chopra: She entered the industry like a breath of fresh air in last year's release Ladies VS Ricky Bahl . With Ishaqzaade , she has dispelled the notion that she is a one film wonder. Her initial introduction was that she is Priyanka's cousin, but she got rid of that with her performance in Ishaqzaade . Her the girl next door Punjabi looks seems to have clicked with the young audience.Deepika Padukone: The actress made heads turn with her bold and carefree avatar of Veronica in Imtiaz Ali's Cocktail . Her confidence in portraying the role earned her accolades and might be one of the characters she will be remembered for.Huma Qureshi: The curvy actress got a thumbs up for her bold performance in Gangs of Wasseypur and later impressed with her role in Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17763061", "title": "Tourist operator, wife murdered", "text": "PUNE: In a suspected case of robbery, a tourist operator and his wife were murdered in their flat at Warje on Tuesday morning. Their cook and an engineering student, both of whom were staying with them, have been booked along with an unidentified person by the police.The victims \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kamalakar Shankar Ranjeri (55) and his wife Shimla (50) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had recently received part payment of their flat, which they sold off for Rs 25 lakh to a person from Kasba Peth, assistant commissioner of police (Deccan division) Kalyankumar Lavange said.\"According to investigations, the buyer had paid them Rs 12 lakh in cash and a demand draft of Rs 13 lakh. It looks like a robbery as the police did not find any cash in the flat. We have deployed five teams to trace the suspects,\" Lavange said.While Ranjeri hailed from Karnataka, his wife hailed from Nepal. The cook and the student are Nepali, the police said. The incident took place at flat no. 2, Sterling Apartments in the wee hours hours of Tuesday.The suspects, who drove off in a car belonging to the couple, abandoned the vehicle near a bus stand in Lonavla. The couple's throats had been slit and there were deep wounds all over their bodies, the police added.Following preliminary investations, the police have booked cook Sunny Lama, and engineering student Dil Bahadur Tamang, besides a third unidentified suspect under sections 302 (murder), 380 (theft in dwelling house) and 379 (theft) of the Indian Penal Code.Three persons were seen driving away with the victim's car by a neighbour, who woke up after his pet dogs started barking. Society chairman Ajit Salunke, who lodged the complaint with the Warje Malwadi police, said that around 1.15 am, a resident of the society, Ameya Gadre, was alerted by the continuous barking of his pet dogs. \"He saw someone driving Ranjeri's car in reverse at a high speed. The car hit the compound wall of the society and the main gate, before leaving the building. There were three people in the car,\" Salunke told TOI.Salunke said that Gadre then saw the lights in Ranjeri's flat on. \"He became suspicious and came to my house to tell me what he had seen,\" he said.Salunke said that when he came down to the ground floor of the three-storey building, he noticed that the safety door of Ranjeri's flat was locked. \"We called Ranjeri from outside, but there was no response. We also tried to contact him on his cellphone, but it was not reachable,\" he said.Salunke then called the police control room. \"The police reached the spot within a few minutes and broke open the door of the flat. They found Ranjeri lying in a pool of blood in the living room, while his wife was lying in the bedroom,\" Salunke said. The cupboard was also open.\"Additional commissioner of police (south region) Chandrashekar Daithankar, additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke and deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Sanjay Shinde visited the spot. Inspector P N Solankar of the Warje Malwadi police station is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765563", "title": "Low-key Christmas for Rakhi Sawant", "text": "To add to the spirit of X'mas, actress Rakhi Sawant decorated her house in a red and white theme and had not one, but three Christmas trees in her balcony! The new home also had red and white balloons, and guess what? The actress herself was in a Lady Santa attire.But Dec 24 was also a quiet celebration for her owing to the recent Delhi gang-rape incident which shook the nation. She preferred instead to draw different motifs on her window panes - from a laughing Christmas tree as well as a snowman.There was a huge 5 kg Santa Claus cake which she cut by mid night. It had a surprise gift in it, which was to be revealed only after it was cut. Rakhi offered her condolences to Damini and her family for what she went through and prayed for her long life. She also spoke about the importance women's safety and precautionary measures to be taken while travelling alone. Her close friend Ratan Rajput and Mahi Vij were present at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762646", "title": "Four Delhi-bound flights diverted to Jaipur; Met says foggy days ahead", "text": "JAIPUR: Four Delhi-bound flights, including a chartered international flight, were diverted to Jaipur on Tuesday morning as a thick fog in the national capital made it impossible for these planes to land there. The diverted flights included two of SpiceJet , one GoAir and the chartered plane.\"The first diverted flight landed in Jaipur at 7 am and was followed by three others within an hour. These flights could leave for Delhi only after the Air Traffic Control (ATC) signalled clear visibility in Delhi around 8 am,\" said Paul Manickam, director, Sanganer airport.In fact, hundreds of passengers were lucky enough to have been stranded only for an hour. The Met department's warning of foggy days in the entire north is already giving sleepless nights to the officials at the airport.\"The DGCA has clearly advised to be ready to handle non-scheduled flights,\" said Manickam. A few airlines have already hired luxury buses to ferry passengers to Delhi. \"We have kept buses on standby. In case of any emergency, passengers can travel to Delhi in buses,\" said an official of a private airline.Meanwhile, a dozen trains coming from various places arrived late, some up to 10 hours, giving gross inconvenience to thousands of passengers. Marudhar Express, Jodhpur-Howrah Mandore Superfast Express, Gwalior-Udaipur Shatabdi Superfast, to name a few, were running late for the past three days.The North Western Railway has asked passengers to confirm the timings of train before they leave their home or to pick their near and dear ones.Meanwhile, the Met department has also predicted rain in some places.The minimum temperature recorded in Jaipur on Sunday morning was 7.2 degrees Celsius. Pilani registered a minimum of 2.9 degrees Celsius followed by Churu at 3.2 degrees Celsius and Chittorgarh 5.5 degrees Celsius.The movement of RSRTC buses remained unaffected, said an RSRTC official adding that they are however prepared for foggy days ahead especially on Jaipur-Delhi route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761642", "title": "Bhayander man held for molesting teen", "text": "MUMBAI: A man of 23 was arrested in Bhayander for molesting a teenage girl. The accused, Hitesh Patil, resides at a chawl in Navghar village.The victim, aged 17, is an HSC student. Around 5pm on Monday, she was headed home after lectures. \"Patil was hanging around on the same road the girl took. He snatched a book; when the girl asked him to return it, he refused. The girl warned him that she would complain to her family. Patil answered back, saying she could do whatever she wanted to, including approaching the police. The girl then left,\" a police officer said.Around 8.30pm, as she was climbing the stairs of her building, she was stunned to find Patil waiting for her on the first floor. He tripped her and began molesting her. When she raised an alarm, he fled. Her parents lodged a police complaint and got Patil arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762605", "title": "Two boys sustain burn injuries during garbage collection", "text": "JAIPUR: Two teenage scavengers who were collecting garbage from a dumping ground in Harmara area sustained severe burns when an unidentified object exploded while they were trying to break it open. Police said that garbage collected from various parts of the city is dumped and processed in the area. They have launched an investigation into the nature of explosive item. Both have been admitted in a hospital and are undergoing treatment.According to the police, the two boys - Rakhibhula and Jonny are both aged 17 years and residents of West Bengal. \"They live in a slum area and collect plastic and other items from the garbage near Bhenrusengra area in Harmara,\" said Prabhati Lal Meena, ACP, Chomu.The officer said that the boys were scavenging as usual around 3.30 pm when they found an object in the garbage. They were trying to break it open when it exploded.\"Hands of both boys sustained serious burn injuries in the explosion as they were close to the explosive item,\" said the officer.He added that some nearby residents heard the explosion and informed the police. \"We rushed the boys to a hospital. They are out of danger, however, the burns on their hands are serious,\" said the officer.Police said an investigation has been launched into the incident. \"We are trying to ascertain the nature of explosive and how it reached there. No case has been registered so far in this regard,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762211", "title": "Spectator dies while watching tense India-Pak T20 match", "text": "BANGALORE: A 47-year-old spectator, who was present at the Chinnaswamy stadium for the India-Pakistan T20 match on Tuesday, died after he apparently suffered a heart attack.Doctors at the Mallya Hospital confirmed the death of city-based Kamal Jain who had complained of uneasiness in the 18th over of Pakistan's innings, DCP (Central) Ravikante Gowda said.Jain was a native of Odisha, he said. The DCP said Jain's companions rushed him to the hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead.Asked whether Jain had suffered a heart attack due to the tense situation in the match, Gowda said he was unable to confirm it at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763864", "title": "Silver screen loses shine with no new stars", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Apart from two disappointments ---no new star was born on the Odia screen and only one film became a super-duper hit ---------- 2012 was a reasonably decent year for cinema here. While last year, as many as 31 films were released, the number dropped to 22 this year, of which half-a-dozen made good business.Odia films are being packaged smartly these days, making use of new technology and doing well at the box-office. Last year saw six promising faces making their debut. This year there were no such first-time appearances. However, comedian Papu Pom Pom did emerge as a hero this year, setting a new trend of comedians making it to lead roles.In January, traditionally considered a jinxed month, \"He Sakha\" was the first film to be released this year. The mythological film was based on Lord Krishna and Sudama's friendship. The film did not fare well. The boom period was between June and August, which featured some of the highest-grossing films of the year, including \"Raja Jhia Sange Hoigala Bhaba...\", \"Matric Fail\", \" Ragila Toka\", and so on. \"Ragila Toka\" was the biggest hit of the year.Papu Pom Pom, who is busy with his next, \"Chauka Chaka\", said, \"When I announced 'Rangila Toka', many were surprised, some criticized and laughed at me. But my producer, Pravas Chandra Rout, had full faith in me and agreed to do the mega project. I took extra care and personally looked after everything, starting from cast and crew to extras, story, script, music and lyrics. The film released and silenced critics. It was a huge success. I am hopeful that my next film will live up to the expectations of the audience.\"After Raja and Rath Yatra, the traditional peak season is Durga Puja. The puja releases included a combination of multi-starrers, romantic and thriller movies, which also did good business at the BO. The much-hyped and publicized action thriller, \"ACP Ranveer\", did good business but left viewers disappointed. Entertaining love story and multi-starrer, \"Parshuram\" and romantic family drama, \"Love Master\", were hits, too.\"It would be wrong to say all Odia films are remakes or copy-pastes of Hindi and Tamil hits. There are many original stories like 'Thukul' by noted actor and director Prasant Nanda and 'Kebe tume naha kebe mu nahi'. We need to get more professional and introduce advanced technology,\" said actor Archita.Sanjay Nayak, producer of Brajaraj Movies, said, \"The Oriya film industry is on the threshold of change, mainly because of digitization and changing audience preferences. Our target audience is people in the districts and rural areas. In the cities we are facing tremendous competition from Hindi films. So we have to give something new.\"And yes, after 23 years, the yesteryear superstar, Sriram Panda, appeared in public to receive the prestigious Jaydev Award instituted by the state government. The industry, however, is looking ahead to a new viewing experience with the opening of the city's first multiplex next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17762251", "title": "Raja Ashraf praises Pakistani team for its win against India", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's PM Raja Pervez Ashraf on Tuesday congratulated the Pakistani team for its win against India in the first Twenty20 in Bangalore.Ashraf praised the performance of Pakistani team, particularly the innings played by skipper Mohammed Hafeez.The Prime Minister expressed hope that the Pakistani team will continue with its present form and bring the laurels for the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763175", "title": "Botsa draws women's ire", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The controversial statements made by PCC chief and Congress heavyweight Botsa Satyanarayana on women and the how they should conduct themselves to avoid getting raped sparked off angry protests and reactions from Vizagites on Tuesday. Coming at a time when the nation is still in shock over the savage gangrape of a paramedical girl in Delhi, the senior leader's comments were not taken kindly by women across all sections in the city.Protesting Sattibabu's (Botsa) comments, volunteers of DYFI, AIDWA and SFI took out a protest rally and burnt an effigy of the PCC chief. YSRCP and TDP members also held a meeting to condemn the callous comment made by Botsa on the Nirbhaya (as the rape victim has been symbolically christened by TOI) case.A miffed professor of the Women's Engineering College, AU, said that Botsa clearly lacked respect for women. \"Botsa's tone made it very clear that he is a man who has no respect for women. People like him should be made to understand that women too have a fundamental right to work and more importantly, be financially independent. If he wants us women not to step out of the house after 7.00 pm, it would mean that 50 per cent of the work force must stay at home right from municipal daily wage workers to corporate honchos. Despite the apology tendered, the statement is unacceptable, especially considering the context in which it was said,\" she said.Echoing the sentiment, P Suguna, a resident of Toronto , Canada , who is in Visakhapatnam for a short visit said she found it hard to believe that a senior public representative could actually say something to the effect that women should to stick to the kitchen. \"India still has a long, long, way to go,\" she said.S Vidya of the department of journalism, AU, too expressed her dismay. \"I study in a campus where even the mildest form of eve-teasing is not tolerated, especially by students. The statement could only have been made by a person who is extremely chauvinistic or insane. In my opinion Botsa could be a combination of both.\"The gaffe by the Congress big-wig had his political opponents gunning for him as well. Veteran TDP leader Ayyanna Patrudu lashed out at the PCC chief by terming him an insult to the state and made it clear that such statements would not be accepted by any human being, let alone women. \"By questioning their basic rights and their right to justice Botsa has only proven that he cannot be given any responsibility. How could he even in the wildest of dreams call it a minor incident. Instead of condemning the act and the violators, he is actually condemning the victim. It is shameful. On behalf of my party, I demand that he should immediately resign as PCC chief. That would be a better way to apologise,\" fumed Patrudu.Lambasting the senior Congress leader, B Prabhavati, district secretary, All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA), said the comments smacked of sarcasm and male chauvinist arrogance.\"This only goes to prove that women are still treated as second rate citizens in our country and do not enjoy the privileges enjoyed by their male counterparts,\" she said.Prabhavati went on to add that it was the responsibility of those in power to ensure that women were not targetted instead of making derogatory remarks against women who work harder than men to earn their bread and butter and fulfill their social obligations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763033", "title": "Khaire directs Aurangabad Municipal Corporation to remove gate", "text": "AURANGABAD: Bowing to pressure from the residents of Vishnunagar and Balajinagar, member of Parliament Chandrakant Khaire on Monday directed the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to remove the gate in front of Sindhi Colony housing society in the city.The civic body had recently removed the gate in front of the colony as it was not constructed on authorised land and it was causing inconvenience to the passers by.A delegation of residents of the Vishnu Nagar and Balaji Nagar area under the leadership of Radhakrishna Gaikwad met Khaire and brought it his notice that the residents of the society have reconstructed the gate after the civic body's action. Khaire instructed the civic officials to remove the gate at the earliest possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762933", "title": "2 brothers drown in Pashan lake", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old youth, who entered Pashan lake to save his younger brother from drowning, went down with him on Tuesday afternoon.The deceased were identified as Nilesh (19) and Dattatreya Kasbe of Sutarwadi, Pashan. The Pune fire brigade brought out their bodies from the lake.Fire officer Gajanan Patrudkar told TOI that around noon on Tuesday the brothers and two friends went for a swim in Pashan lake. Nilesh and Avinash Nakhara entered the lake, while Dattatreya and the other friend waited on the shores. \"When Nilesh started to drown, his friend Avinash tried to get him out of the water,\" Patrudkar said.At this point, Dattatreya jumped into the lake to save his brother. \"However, both went down,\" Patrudkar said. The friend standing on the shore alerted some people and informed the fire brigade. \"The firemen later brought out the bodies,\" Patrudkar said.The Kasbes worked in a private company. They had gone swimming as Tuesday was a holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17761656", "title": "Greater Noida farmers agree to not obstruct link road work", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has claimed that it has resolved all problems obstructing completion of the eight-lane link road to Noida following a meeting with farmers of Greater Noida (West). Work on the delayed link road, slated to provide signal-free connectivity to Noida, Delhi and Greater Noida, will resume at once and the project will be completed by April next year, Authority officials said.On Monday, a committee of the Authority led by OSD Yogendra Yadav met farmers of Devla, Khairpur Gurjar and Maicha villages to sort out their grievances. Even though the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 was approved by the NCR Planning Board earlier this year paving the way for all stalled development work in the region, these farmers have been opposing the Authority's decision to resume work on the 130m road. Farmers had been saying that unless the Authority disburses enhanced compensation, allots 10% developed plots, and carries out rural development work, they will not allow any development work.\"Devla and Khodna Khurd villagers had been demanding development work in the area and we have already begun construction of roads, laying down new sewer networks, building schools, installing streetlights, etc in these areas. Similar development work will be undertaken in eight more villages,\" said an Authority official.\"The abadi matters and disbursement of compensation cheques too will be completed soon,\" he said.The 130m-wide link road is being constructed between Parthala Khanjarpur in Sector 122 of Noida and Sirsa-Kasna in Greater Noida. Work has remained stalled for over a year due to the land row.Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman had met farmers and held special camps last month to sort out the matter, but in vain.However, the Authority claims that with the rural development work already on in some villages, the villagers have agreed to not obstruct the work on the link road any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763665", "title": "Sex trade hit after cops step up vigil", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Increased police vigilance, following a gang rape in the capital and four arrests recently, has put escort service providers in a spot. Women involved in the flesh trade and middlemen who operate in taxis and autos, are feeling the heat as the police stepping up their raids. Fearing police action, this group is preferring to operate from the safety of rented homes and calling clients over to work out a deal.The modus operandi of middlemen is simple. Sources revealed that the stretch between Master Canteen Square and Rajmahal Square, sees several autos and taxis operating in the guise of ferrying passengers from the railway station to various destinations. These vehicles are actually packed with women looking for clients for the night. Taxi operators pick up prospective clients and ask them to choose one from among the women in his cab. This business is usually conducted in the evening and by 10 pm the trade is wound up.But in the past one week, this business has been badly hit. Said a middleman, \"We don't want to take any chances. We keep obliging the police but now they are also under pressure. We might get caught during patrolling.\"He said that instead, they have taken some rooms on rent to deal with their customers. They are also asking customers over phone to pick up women directly from the railway station.Of late, this trade has attracted women from other states also, who come here for a few days and leave after earning good money. Given the growing demand, some middlemen also move them around in bikes instead of taxis and autos. \"We bring women from other states so that there is no fear of the police. In terms of profit, women from outside bring in more money,\" said an auto-rickshaw driver, who functions as a middleman. He said that each day sometimes he earned Rs 500 from seven to 10 women.\"Many women, who came to the city last week, have not been moved around in taxis. We are keeping them in a house and inviting customers over. We have stopped the mobile service, which is why we are losing almost Rs 5,000 per day,\" said a man, who has been running the trade for the past 12 years. He said he has more than 500 women in his network. \"Every time there's a rape, our business gets hampered,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763107", "title": "Gitam to host 95th annual Indian Economic Association meet", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Gitam University Visakhapatnam campus is all set to play host to the prestigious 95th annual conference of the Indian Economic Association (IEA) from December 27 to December 29. Over 2000 delegates are expected to participate in the meet by IEA, which acts as an advisory forum to policy makers.Keeping in view the changing scenario in India, the 95th summit would focus on economic growth and employment linkages, employment pattern, drivers of changing pattern of employment and employment pattern in relation to human resource development.Elaborating on IEA which provides a platform for academicians, administrators and policy makers, its president, professor Sukhadeo Thorat said, \"The IEA acts as a think-tank to policy makers and plays a key role in influencing the direction of economic policies of the country.\"IEA, which was set up in 1917 by professor C J Hamilton, has had a galaxy of eminent economists helming it including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , former RBI governor and PM's economic advisory council chairman Dr C Rangarajan as well as professor C N Vakil, he said.The three-day summit would consist of various special presentations and panel discussions. Dr C Rangarajan and professor CH Hanumantha Rao are slated to participate in a panel discussion on improving employable quality of students. The inaugural address would be delivered by Union minister of state for commerce and industry D Purandeswari, while the valedictory address would be delivered by Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17761764", "title": "Vizag underground drainage in limbo", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC)'s ambitious central city underground drainage (CCUGD) project is proving to be a major stinker. Not only about Rs 200 crore of public money has literally gone down the drain, the project is nowhere near completion.Five years after the GVMC embarked on the Rs 243.71 crore project that was to cover 750 kms in the central city area under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in November 2007, the project that was to be completed by November 2010 is lying incomplete.So far, only the trunk line (central drainage) works have been completed in some areas but the connections from the houses to the trunk line are yet to be made in parts of the city. In fact, not much has moved ahead in the project even in the last one year.While responding to an RTI query on the progress of the project, the GVMC had on December 26, 2011, replied that nearly 75% of works were completed. When enquired about the present progress, GVMC commissioner, MV Satyannarayana told TOI said that only 75% of the CCUGD works have been completed till date.Admitting to the snail's pace of the project works, the civic chief maintained that all possible efforts were being made to complete it by June 2013. A high level technical committee would be shortly arriving from Hyderabad to examine the project because the works done so far had failed in quality and durability assessments, Satyannarayana admitted. He, however, pointed out that a similar project costing Rs 37.08 crore had been completed in the old city limits.Citizens residing near to the ongoing CCUGD works said that the workers concerned did not properly restore the roads to their original state after finishing the digging works. \"The roads have not been properly restored after finishing the UGD works. This has resulted in increasing inconvenience to vehicular movement apart from dust pollution. We are ready to give our feedback on the project to any person at any time,\" said P Madhava Rao, a resident of Dwarakanagar.Even as it is struggling to complete this project, GVMC is learnt to be planning to take up a larger UGD project at Gajuwaka and other 32 peripheral villages. \"We plan to take up the project under JNNURM Plus scheme. We have already sent a detailed report on the project, which is estimated to cost of Rs 500 crore. The JNNURM Plus works are likely to begin in March 2013,\" Satyannarayana said.RTI activist Srinivasu, said they would soon be conducting a public audit on the progress of all projects including CCUGD and housing projects being taken up by GVMC.\"We will probably conduct area wise public audit on the GVMC projects from January next year. We would submit the audit report to the government, both state and Centre,\" Srinivasu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761060", "title": "Adani Power Company made to pay Rs 24.5 crore penalty", "text": "NAGPUR: Adani Power Company, which started one unit of 660MW at Tiroda in Gondia district, was charged 24.50 crore as power factor penalty by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company after legislators Nana Patole and Narendra Bhondekar raised the issue of company's default.Talking to TOI on Monday, Patole said it was serious lapse by the company, He also alleged that local officials of the state-run power company could be responsible for overlooking the pending dues from Adani plant. \"After we took up the matter with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and minister of state for power Rajendra Mulak, senior officials from Mumbai were sent to Tiroda and they sorted out the matter forcing Adani to shell out the penalty,\" said Patole. He added that Adani paid the amount under protest on Saturday.Circle superintending engineer of the state power utility at Gondia, AS Fulkar conformed that Adani was levied the power factor penalty. However, he sought to downplay the incident saying such penalties are levied on defaulters including industries which fail to pay up capacity charging costs from time to time. The Adani dues were piled up in last three months. The private power player reportedly did not adjust the start-up power cost that it had incurred on power it got from MSEDCL for starting their first unit which after capacitor charging was transmitted to MSEDCL.Patole has now demanded that an offence be registered against concerned Adani officials as well as the state power company for failure to recover dues in time. \"I have a strong suspicion that they were involved in covering it up. But this is a serious matter concerning general public because the state power company hikes tariff frequently citing costs incurred. Non-payment of such dues by Adani would lead to people paying higher rates for power they consume,\" Patole claimed.Adani plant general manager OP Bhargav told TOI he was not aware of any such development. \"I have no idea about this penalty. The commercial department located in Mumbai looks after this aspect,\" he said. He admitted that state power company officials had inspected Tiroda plant but said it was to see work for second unit.Bhargav also said that the plant was reeling under severe coal shortage and he was dealing with that crisis on day to day basis. \"We require around 9000 tonnes a day and there is hardly any supply. There is no infrastructure like rail heads. Transporting by road is very slow, our generation is badly hit,\" he said. The company's plans to have its own captive coal blocks are stuck. With work on for setting up four more units at Tiroda and little coal to fire them, the situation is bleak right now.After we took up the matter with CM Prithviraj Chavan and minister of state for power Rajendra Mulak, officials from Mumbai were sent to Tiroda and they sorted out the matter forcing Adani to shell out the penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762210", "title": "Construction worker run over by train", "text": "CHENNAI: A 36-year-old construction worker was run over by an EMU train near the Korukkupet railway station on Monday. After a quarrel with his wife, he went to the railway track and jumped before a train .Babu Rao of Bojaraja Nagar near Washermenpet was chided by his wife when he didn't go to work and an argument ensued. He then ran towards the Korukkupet railway station. His wife Karthika followed.Even as his wife watched helplessly, Babu Rao lay down across the tracks and was run over by an EMU. The Korukkupet railway police collected the mutilated body parts and sent the body to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for postmortem. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762778", "title": "Taalchakra to promote young artistes", "text": "PUNE: Some of the best known percussion artists including Ustad Zakir Hussain, Taufiq Quereshi, Sivamani, Gino Banks and Selva Ganesh will showcase their talent in the city during the four-day festival 'Taalchakra'. The event has been organized by the Rotary International District 3131 and tabla maestro Pandit Vijay Ghate.'Taalchakra' will be held at the grounds of the New English School, Ramanbaug from 6 pm to 10 pm between January 24 and 27.Addressing a news conference on Monday, Vijay Ghate said, \"Taalchakra has been conceptualized to provide a platform to upcoming artists with little more emphasis on artists associated with percussion instruments.\"The inaugural day (January 24) of 'Taalchakra' would start with tradition and beyond where connoisseurs of music would get a chance to hear the sounds of various traditional drums of Maharashtra during a programme titled 'Folk Drums of Maharashtra' by Vijay Chavan. The day will conclude with a solo performance on tabla by Ustad Zakir Hussain.The day two (January 25) will start with a session by the band Perc Jam that will feature renowned percussion artist Taufiq Qureshi, Pandit Yogesh Samsi on tabla and Vijay Prakash on vocals. The last session of day two would end with a specially created programme titled 'TaalYatra' by Taalyogi Suresh Talwalkar. It would have a unique combination of instruments, vocal and dance featuring Shounak Abhisheki (vocal), Ravindra Chari (sitar), Sandeep Kulkarni (flute), Rohit Kulkarni (keyboards), Tanmay Devchakke (harmonium), Savani Talwalkar (tabla), Charudatta Phadke (tabla), Rohit Mujumdar (tabla), Omkar Dalvi (pakhawaj and kajon), Govind Bhillare (pakhawaj), Umesh Warbhuvan (D'Jambe), Aashay Kulkarni (kalabash). Kathak dance will be by Sheetal Kolwalkar, Kaveri Agashe and Manasi Deshpande.Third day (January 26) would have a Taalvadya Kacheri having a participation of Ranjit Barot, Shridhar Parthsarathi (mridangam), Giridhar Udupa (ghatam), Satyajeet Talwalkar (tabla) and Shriram Iyer (vocals). This day would also have solo performances of Pandit Kumar Bose (tabla) and Trilok Gurtu (percussion solo).The first session of the last day (January 27) will feature Selva Ganesh (khanjira), Gino Banks (drums) and Sheildon Dsliva (base guitar). The final session would have participation of Niladari Kumar (sitar), Vijay Ghate (tabla) and A Sivamani (percussion).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761081", "title": "SC panel fails to provide succor for gas-hit: Member", "text": "BHOPAL: Four months after the Supreme Court-appointed monitoring committee for rehabilitation of gas victims was empowered, the plight of the victims of the world's largest industrial catastrophe remains unchanged. For the victims there has been no perceptible change in facilities and medical care going by the admission of the monitoring committee member Purnendu Shukla.The 4-member committee headed by physician Dr H H Trivedi, director medical education (DME) S C Tiwari (member secretary), Purnendu Shukla and dean Gandhi medical college (GMC) Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava would meet on Wednesday to discuss the issue.\"The state government has been unable to provide the required infrastructure for proper functioning of the monitoring committee. Our report that was to be submitted to the Madhya Pradesh high court, Jabalpur has already been delayed,\" said Purnendu Shukla. The apex court in its order on August 9 had directed the state government to ensure facilities for smooth functioning of the committee.Once again, on Tuesday activist Abdul Jabbar wrote to the committee and drew its attention to the situation prevailing in the gas victims' hospital. \"Despite the assurances, dialysis units in the Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC) are not functional. So is the case of Kamla Nehru hospital which does not have sufficient staff,\" said Jabbar.\"Lack of infrastructure is affecting our work,\" accepted Shukla. In August this year, the apex court had given special powers to the monitoring committee including the power to recommend departmental action against erring officials. This decision also brought the BMHRC within the purview of the monitoring committee apart from the other gas-relief hospitals.Wednesday's meeting is likely to discuss the report of nephrologist Dr V K Sharma's report on kidney patients, Abdul Jabbar's complaint on generic medicines and infrastructure issues. \"A status report is likely to be submitted in January before the high court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765443", "title": "Karunaas' next is 'Thappaattam'", "text": "The shooting of Karunas' next flick titled 'Thappaattam' is expected to get a kickstart soon which will be directed by Ramnath, who earlier worked with Karunaas in 'Ambasamudram Ambani'. Karunaas will produce this flick, besides playing the lead role and the film is expected to be a comedy caper on the lines of 'Dindigul Sarathy' and 'Ambasamudram Ambani'.Comedian Karunas is also playing the lead in ' Machan ' directed by Shakthi Chidambaram and the film also has Ramesh Aravind and Vivek in key roles. Other films in his kitty include ' Ragalapuram ' and ' Chandamama '.The distribution rights of ' Ragalapuram ' have been acquired by JSK Film Corporation, which earlier distributed films such as ' Aarohanam ' and ' Naduvula Konjam Pakkathai Kaanom '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761029", "title": "Those unwilling to serve in villages still have to pay", "text": "NAGPUR: The reports about government doing away with 10 lakh bond to make MBBS doctors serve in rural areas may have come as relief for many medicos. Yet, there is fine print to it. The government is not scrapping the bonds entirely or doing away with requirement for doctors to serve in villages. It is merely formalizing what is already a reality.The fact is that the government itself does not have many vacancies in its hospital in rural areas. So even if doctors are willing to go government cannot offer them postings. Under the new plan, such willing doctors would be released from bond requirement. In all, the state has about 7,000 posts of medical officers (MOs). But this year just 50 posts are vacant. For these posts, out of the 1000 doctors that passed out from government colleges, 400 applied.\"So we will choose 50 and free the other 350 who applied but couldn't be absorbed. The remaining 600 who are not willing to take up jobs will be required to pay the bond money,\" clarified the director of the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) Dr Pravin Shingare. He told TOI that the government had so far extracted Rs35 crore from the students who had nt opted for rural service. Thus, in order to escape payment of bond amount, fresh doctors would have to apply for government jobs be willing to work in villages.The decision to withdraw bond from those willing to join rural service is a result of a order of Bombay High Court about eight months back that told government to either make jobs available to MBBS doctors or make them bond free. \"It is a temporary management of candidates. We are not abolishing bond concept as yet,\" said Dr Shingare.In fact, those who are due for payment could expect strict enforcement. \"Government through the collector and the revenue department recovers the bond money even if it is by confiscating property. This will include doctors who want to go abroad for further studies or work. Of the Rs 35 crore recovered as bond money in last ten years, Rs2 crore is from them,\" said Dr Shingare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761698", "title": "Home ministry to inquire into SDM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s complaint against police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry will order an inquiry into the complaint of a sub-divisional magistrate about alleged \"interference\" by police officers in recording statement of the gang-rape victim.\"We are taking the complaint very seriously. We have sought an explanation from the Delhi Police and will accordingly order an inquiry,\" an official said.The SDM's complaint was brought to the notice of the ministry by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , who wrote to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde seeking a high-level inquiry.In the complaint, SDM Usha Chaturvedi claimed that three senior police officers had prevented the video recording of the victim's statement. It was also alleged that the police officers wanted the SDM to use a questionnaire prepared by them.In her letter, Dikshit cited a communication to her by deputy commissioner (east) B M Mishra that Chaturvedi had complained about senior police officials' \"interference\" while she was recording the statement of the victim.Meanwhile, the government is learnt to have decided to appoint a former judge of the Delhi High Court - Justice (retired) Usha Mehra -- to head the panel to review responses to the December 16 gang-rape incident and suggest measures to improve the safety of women in the capital.\"A notification in this regard is likely to come out soon,\" said an official.Sources said the government had earlier wanted the committee headed by former CJI J S Verma to club the investigation of the incident with its mandate to recommend changes in laws relating to crime against women. But when the Verma committee expressed reservations in clubbing the two responsibilities, government decided to set up another panel to look specifically into the gang-rape incident and related issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765889", "title": "Dhanush shoots at 7 degrees temperature", "text": "Dhanush is busy making his Bollywood debut opposite Sonam Kapoor in Raanjhnaa directed by Anand Rai. The 'Kolaveri' actor is currently in Kasi, shooting for Raanjhanaa and the team is working hard under tough weather conditions.With the temperature touching 7 degrees, the cast and crew of Raanjhanaa are filming the title track scored by AR Rahman. Dhanush tweeted yesterday \"Right now in 7 degrees cold kasi finishing raanjhanaa.shooting for a r rahman sirs title track.\"The National Award winning actor's fans are eagerly waiting for Raanjhanaa 's release date and he has announced that it has been officially decided to release the film on June 28th.Interestingly Dhanush who is 29 in real life and Sonam Kapoor who is 26, would be playing 17-year olds in an important segment of Anand's love story ' Raanjhnaa '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17761657", "title": "Cricket mania hits Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Cricket fever has gripped Hubli in the backdrop of the ongoing Ranji Trophy match between Karnataka and Haryana at the city's Rajnagar cricket ground. The city is hosting a match after several years and the excitement is palpable. The much-awaited India v/s Pakistan T20 in Bangalore has added glitz to the cricket mania.Traders are using the opportunity to make a brisk business. While bats and balls are being sold like hot cakes, other traders like TV dealers too are cashing in on the season's flavour with huge display screens. But what has caught everyone's eye is a family from Khed in Gujarat selling bats at affordable prices. A ten member team of three families of Thore community, a community of carpenters, has entered the city to sell handmade bats and stumps.The families led by Bachubhai Thori and Nanubhai Thori from Gujarat have arrived in the city along with a lorry full of wooden logs.They have put up a temporary shed on the roadside at Vidyanagar. Here, men and women of the families prepare wooden bats and stumps.Every day, each of family makes about 50 bats in different sizes - from 10-34 inches. The price varies from Rs 150 to Rs 250 depending on the size.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Kumar, son of Bachubhai Thori said that, bats prepared with 'Adusa' variety of wood are good and handy as the wood is very light and has a longer shelf life. However, the availability of the wood in Gujrat has reduced over the years due to heavy demand for the wood and supply constraints, he said.Sharath Kumar, a buyer said that the bats sold by this Gujarat-based family are made os a single wooden log and hence are durable. They are light-weighted and are affordable, he said.These bat makers travel to different cities like Mumbai, Pune, Kolhapur and other parts the country till the arrival of the rainy season.Their arrival in Hubli at a time when the Ranji Trophy match is going on is very timely and has added colours to the season's flavour.Sports shops in the city are witnessing increased sale of bats and balls, this being the holiday season. Vishwanath Mantur, proprietor of Janhavi Sports said that more number of school children and their parents are visiting the shop to buy cricket sets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17766617", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Traffic restrictions eased as protests calm down", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police eased traffic restrictions at India Gate and Raisina Hill on Wednesday but did not lift prohibitory orders even as protests over the gang-rape of a girl calmed down.Traffic was smooth at India Gate and Raisina Hill, which witnessed violent weekend protests. Nine Metro stations, which were closed since Sunday morning, have already been opened for public from Tuesday evening.Meanwhile, the crime branch of Delhi Police will investigate the death of constable Subhash Tomar during Sunday's anti-rape protests at India Gate.Questions have been raised over the cause of the constable's death.A journalism student Yogendra, who claimed to be a witness, said constable Subhash Tomar fell down on his own, contradicting police version that he was beaten up by protesters leading to his death.\"I was at India Gate with a female friend who was injured. I saw one policeman who was running after protesters and then suddenly collapsing. We rushed towards him and some policemen were also there. Suddenly, the policemen started running after other protesters.\"So I rushed to a nearby PCR van. They took him to hospital. I also went in the same vehicle. I saw him in hospital and his body didn't have any injuries. He wasn't trampled by a mob, he wasn't assaulted. The claims of police are false. I am surprised to hear that 8 were arrested over Subhash Tomar's death,\" he claimed.Doctors at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital said the constable had no major external injury marks when he was brought to the hospital and that he had suffered a heart attack.\"He came in a state of total collapse and our doctors revived him and as he was not stable, we shifted him to the Intensive Care Unit. He was on ventilator,\" Dr TS Sidhu, medical superintendent of Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital said.He said there was no \"major external injury marks except for some cuts and bruises\".Asked whether is it was a case of cardiac arrest, the doctor evaded a direct reply.\"I don't know. That is not my comment. He came, he was in serious shock and we revived him. In all our records, there are no severe internal injuries recorded but the post-mortem will tell everything,\" he said.Delhi Police declined to be drawn into the controversy with its spokesperson Rajan Bhagat saying \"no comments till the post mortem report is out\". On Tuesday, police commissioner Neeraj Kumar had said that Tomar had suffered internal injuries in his neck, chest and stomach and were waiting for the post mortem report to ascertain the exact cause of his death. Tomar died on Tuesday morning.Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party demanded sacking of Delhi police commissioner alleging that the police were misleading people by arresting eight \"innocent youth\" in connection with the incident.Reacting to Yogendra's claims, Kejriwal said his account was opposite of what police said. \"Is police lying?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763159", "title": "Branding lessons at IIM-R", "text": "RAIPUR: Indian Institute of Management Raipur ( IIM-R) had organized a guest lecture conducted by Saurabh Uboweja, director, Brands of Desire on Monday.Heading a strategic brand consulting and design company, Uboweja, alumni of IIM-C, provided the students with a new perspective of the concept of branding. He emphasized on the fundamental differences between marketing, branding and advertising. He further elaborated that branding is about benchmarking and not competing with anyone.He stressed that rebranding does not mean a logo change but involves more than 100 touch points which need to be taken care of in this rebranding exercise. It may involve changing the mission, vision, values and even culture of the organization. He further explained the detailing involved in the process of branding while providing numerous examples substantiating the concepts. The session ended with a Q and A round where Uboweja addressed the questions by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17766654", "title": "Why apps that read out, reply to SMSs, email are dangerous", "text": "MELBOURNE: Smartphone apps that read out and respond to text messages while people are driving, are a dangerous distraction and should not be used, according to police.Text Star, available for Australian Android phones in early 2013, automatically replies to all texts and emails with a preset message of people's choice, whenever it detects that people are travelling faster than 16km/h.Another free android app DriveSafe.ly, uses text-to-speech technology to automatically read out loud text messages and emails the instant they are received, so that people can keep their hands on the wheel and avoid a heavy fine and demerit points.Police and road authorities say while such apps help drivers avoid fines for holding or operating a mobile phone, they could still result in fines for driving while distracted, or even cause accidents, the Daily Telegraph reported.SA Police Traffic Support Branch's Superintendent Bob Fauser said while usage of these apps did not constitute an offence for full licence holders, they were a dangerous distraction and shouldn't be used.He said that inattention and distraction caused about a third of South Australia's fatal road crashes and a little less than half of all serious injury crashes.The new technology will only add to the distractions, he warned.Research into driver distraction has shown that using a mobile phone while driving, even in hands-free mode, could increase the chance of an accident by as much as four times.Fauser reminded parents, who consider the apps as a safety measure for teenage children, that learner's permit and P1 provisional licence holders were banned from using any mobile phone function, including hands-free.He said that for learner's permit and P1 provisional licence holders, the use of these apps will still amount to an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761779", "title": "Two \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsorcerers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tonsured by villagers", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 55-year-old woman and her brother-in-law were tonsured and forcibly made to consume human excreta by villagers for allegedly performing black magic in Shamshabad.The victims were identified as P Ettamma and her brother-in-law P Lingaiah, both 55 and farm hands, from Pillumguda village in Shamshabad. On December 14 night, the duo had used certain occult healing practices to solve health problems of a fellow villager, Siddaiah.Ettamma's family has a long-standing rivalry with the family of B Jangaiah, a neighbour from the same caste group. Jangaiah came to know about the 'black magic' act performed by Ettamma along with Lingaiah and he intercepted the duo near their house in the village.Jangaiah along with four of his associates, including Chennaiah and Raju, tonsured the head of Ettamma and her brother-in-law. \"After that, the culprits had allegedly forced them to consume human excreta and urine in front of the entire community,\" Shamshabad inspector C Anjaiah said.The incident came to the notice of police only on December 21 when Ettamma's son Praveen Kumar lodged a complaint against the culprits. Based on his complaint, police have booked a case against the five under sections 324, 341, 342, 354, 506, and 509 of the Indian Penal Code.After the complaint was lodged, police visited the village, but they could not find the victims there.\"We are waiting for the victims to record their statements, but the family members are saying that they have left the village after the incident and no one knows about their whereabouts. We are trying to trace them,\" the inspector said. Police took the culprits into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17763388", "title": "Narmada officials rush to plug water leakage in Little Rann", "text": "RAJKOT: A team of officials from Narmada Water Resources department rushed to the Little Rann of Kutch a day after TOI published a report about the crores of gallons of precious water going waste in arid land from tail end of Narmada canal.\"We are checking the sources of water from where it is drained into to Little Rann and will ensure that it stops,'' superintending engineer (circle 4), Narmada distributaries, S U Chauhan said.\"We have been inspecting various sites and Narmada branch canals surrounding Little Rann and will ensure immediately that water is saved and does not enter the Little Rann anymore,\" Chauhan added.The overflowing waters have marooned close to 280 saltpans, adversely affecting the sole source of income for hundreds of salt pan workers. They said that that the sweet water will make the process of salt harvesting very difficult now.The water spread over at least 22 km area has also submerged the crucial corridor of the endangered wild asses in the famous sanctuary.Another Narmada department official said that they would ensure that farmers who get water from the branch canals through drains do not waste it after their farms are irrigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763151", "title": "CRPF jawan opens fire, four personnel killed", "text": "RAIPUR: A constable of para-military Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) opened indiscriminate fire at his camp in the Maoist hotbed of Dantewada district in Bastar region of Chhattisgarh, killing four of his colleagues on the spot on the intervening night of Monday.The trouble broke out at the 111th battalion of CRPF camp at Aranpur village where the CRPF personnel had an altercation and a subsequent brawl. In a fit of rage, a constable Deep Kumar Tiwari grabbed a weapon and opened fire, killing a head constable, three constables and injuring another constable.Dantewada district superintendent of police Narendra Khare said the dead has been identified as head constable Chandan Singh, constables Ramesh Kumar, Purushottam Lal SAhu and Anirudh Ramprasad. The injured head constable Sunil Sawant is now undergoing treatment at Jagdalpur Medical College, after being administered primary treatment at Dantewada district hospital. He said the accused Deep Kumar Tiwari has been arrested and will be produced before a court tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761050", "title": "Breather for illegal ME/MTech students", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has granted conditional clearance to appear in the semester exams beginning Thursday to hundreds of illegally admitted ME/MTech students. Sources disclosed that initially their admissions were opposed by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke on the ground that those students hadn't completed mandatory 90-day teaching as their respective colleges were granted affiliation as late as October 30 or even later.The duo refused to accept exam forms even as NU's Board of College and University Development (BCUD) had granted affiliation to these colleges flouting norms. This had led former Senate member Dhananjay Mandlekar to lodge a complaint with All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) in this regard.However, a delegation of college managements later met minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope and other leaders and allegedly exerted pressure on VC Vilas Sapkal to allow them to appear in the exam.Following this, NU administration granted them conditional clearance that though they would be allowed to appear in exams, their results would not be declared till AICTE gave its verdict on the complaint. Yenkie refused to take repeated calls while Ramteke refused to comment.TOI had been reporting how these colleges had flouted Section 83(6) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, by admitting the students for MTech/ME courses even before getting affiliation.NU too flouted Section 82(5) that stated that any new college getting permission from the government after July 15 should be granted affiliation only in the subsequent academic year and also exam of its students should be taken in that session.In this case, the colleges had already admitted students but had not shown them on record. It was only after getting affiliation on October 30 that they were recorded as admitted students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762891", "title": "Christmas prayers for gang rape victim's recovery, women's safety", "text": "GUWAHATI: Special prayers were held on the Christmas day in the city churches for the speedy recovery of the Delhi gang rape victim struggling for life at a hospital in the capital city.The grim incident which created ripples and furore across the nation reminded the citizens of the brutal face of violence against women. Devotees thronging the churches prayed for divine blessings for the safety of women and a violent free society.With incidents of violence against women rising and dominating the crime charts, Christmas was also the time for the faithful to ask God for instilling communal harmony amongst people in the society as western Assam became a centre-fold for ethnic strife a few months ago.\"We asked God to bless the brave girl who is fighting for life at a hospital in Delhi. Christmas is a special day not only for the Christians but for others as well. This year the people of the state witnessed ethnic strife in western Assam. We prayed to God to make this earth a peaceful place so that no such incident is ever repeated,\" said Azziz-ul-Haque, pastor Guwahati Baptist Church.\"There is an urge among the common populace to live in peace and we asked the Holy Father for an amiable solution among the NDFB, ULFA, DHD and other insurgent groups so that peace and stability prevail in the region,\" added Haque.Similarly, at the historic Christ Church with the usual prayers' service for Christmas day, the members of the church also prayed for the gang rape victim battling for life in Delhi. After the morning prayers the church members sought God's intervention for the quick recovery of the victim.A few member of the Guwahati Baptist Church visited the inmates of the Guwahati Central Jail to spread the message of love and joy and preach the importance of Christmas. The members visited patients at the B Barooah Cancer Institute and interacted with the patients. They paid a visit to the inmates of a local old age home.Besides the city, the entire north east region was gripped in a Christmas fever with people embracing the Yuletide spirit. Christmas was celebrated in full spirit the Christian inhabited hilly districts of Manipur.In Meghalaya Christmas was observed in complete fervour. Nagaland , Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh celebrated Christmas in their usual manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761848", "title": "New facility will now hasten process to issue certificates", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration on Tuesday opened Atalji Janasnehi Kendras across the district to ensure speedy services.Launching the new facility at Yelwal on the outskirts of the city, district minister S A Ramdas said additional Kendras will be set up, if need be. At present, 35 Kendras have been established in the district, and 900 across Karnataka, which offer 36 services in a time-bound manner under Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act (2011). The revenue department's Nemmadi Kendra, remodeled as Atalji Jnanasnehi Kendra, will be manned by the staff attached to the department.Speaking at the launch of the new facility, Ramdas said the initiative is to get the governance closer to people. \"Villagers don't have to travel to taluk headquarters to get caste and income or birth certificates. Atalji Jnanasnehi Kendras have been empowered to issue such certificates,\" he said, adding: \"We've set up 35 centres now. But if there is demand, we'll open more of them so that the villagers don't have to spend on traveling to semi-urban or urban areas for services.\" The centres have been opened as part of the revenue department's good governance drive coinciding with BJP leader and former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's 88th birthday.The powers, vested in tahsildar, have now been delegated to deputy tahsildars to issue certificates and also to approve social security schemes. Villagers can now get old age, widow or physically challenged pensions at the newly set up centres.The staff have to attend to the applications in a time-bound manner, say within 21 days, and issue the certificates. The centres, equipped with three desktops each, are provided with solar facilities so they can operate even during power outages, revenue officials said.Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi and in -charge DC Ajay Nagbushan were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17765528", "title": "Statistical highlights: India vs Pakistan, 1st T20I", "text": "BANGALORE: Statistical highlights of the first Twenty20 International between India and Pakistan on Tuesday:# Ajinkya Rahane (42 off 31 balls) recorded his second highest score in T20Is - his only half-century in T20Is is 61 against England at Manchester on August 31, 2011.# Mohammad Hafeez's match-winning 61 off 44 balls is his first fifty as captain in T20Is - his third half-century in T20Is.# The innings is Hafeez's second highest in T20Is, behind the 71 off 48 balls against Zimbabwe at Harare on September 16, 2011.# Pakistan have won all three games when Hafeez has posted fifties in T20Is.# Hafeez's outstanding innings is the highest individual innings by a Pakistani player against India in T20Is.# Hafeez was named the Man of the Match - his fifth MOM in T20Is.# Shoaib Malik and Hafeez added 106 for the fourth wicket - Pakistan's highest for this wicket-position as well as their highest for any wicket against India in T20Is.# The 106-run stand is the fourth highest for any wicket for Pakistan in T20Is.# Gautam Gambhir is the top run-scorer in India-Pakistan T20Is - 118 at an average of 29.50 in four matches.# Rahane and Gambhir have added 77 for the first wicket - India's highest for any wicket against Pakistan in T20Is, outstripping the 74 between Virender Sehwag and Virat Kohli for the second wicket at Colombo (RPS) on September 30, 2012.# Saeed Ajmal became the first bowler to complete 25 wickets (ave.13.96) in 15 T20Is this year.# Pakistan's five-wicket victory is their first in four games against India in T20Is.# India (133/9) have recorded their lowest total against Pakistan in T20Is.# Umar Gul has bowled brilliantly to capture 3 for 21 - the second best figures for Pakistan against India in T20Is - the best being 4 for 18 by Mohammad Asif at Durban on September 14, 2007.# Umar, thanks to his best performance against India in T20Is took his tally to six at an average of 17.66 in four games - the best by a Pakistani bowler against India in T20Is.# Bhuvneshwar Kumar has recorded an economy rate of 2.25 - the best by an Indian bowler on T20I debut. Kumar and West Indian, Garey Mathurin are two bowlers to register an economy rate of 2.25 on T20I debut in four overs. Mathurin had figures of were 4-0-9-3 on his debut against England at The Oval on September 25, 2011.# Kumar's figures of 4-0-9-3 are the best by an Indian fast bowler on debut in a T20I. His figures are the second best by an Indian bowler on debut. Against Bangladesh, Pragyan Ojha had figures of 4 for 21 at Nottingham on June 6, 2009.# Shoaib Malik (57 not out off 50 balls) has registered his third half-century in T20Is - his excellent innings is his highest score in T20Is# Malik's first two fifties in T20Is are 57 against Sri Lanka on September 17, 2007 and 52 not out against Australia on September 18, 2007 - both at Johannesburg . Since posting 58 against Australia in the Hobart Test in January 2010, Malik has registered his first fifty in 41 innings in international cricket.# Two fifties in the same innings have been recorded for Pakistan for the first time against India in T20Is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761284", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Constable dies on duty, many questions remain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Constable Subhash Tomar, 47, who suffered a cardiac arrest when the protests against Nirbhaya's gang-rape turned violent at India Gate on Sunday, died on Tuesday morning at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital and was given a state funeral, with police commissioner Neeraj Kumar himself leading the mourners as a pall-bearer.Police also showed their intention to act tough on the protesters by adding the section of murder to the existing case of rioting and attempt to murder at the Tilak Marg police station.The decision to give Tomar a state funeral has kicked up an unseeming controversy, with critics saying it was the police's way of justifying their lathicharge last Sunday. The cops defended the decision saying the constable had fallen in the line of duty and deserved the honour.On the nature of Tomar's injuries too, the police and doctors' versions did not quite square up. While the RML doctors told TOI that the constable had no \"external\" injuries and was treated only for cardiac arrest, the police chief said preliminary post mortem findings suggested \"internal\" injuries.Meanwhile, an AAP activist, Yogender, who claimed to have seen Tomar fall on Sunday, appeared on NDTV India and said the constable slumped to the ground on his own. Yogender said it was he who called an ambulance, which arrived 20 minutes later, and that Tomar initially got no help from his colleagues. Police dismissed this account, saying it had many discrepancies.Meanwhile, questions were raised on the police commissioner lending his shoulder to the constable's bier, quite an unprecedented gesture for a policeman who lost his life in the line of duty. Some saw it as an attempt to deflect criticism the force has been facing after the gang rape incident.Commissioner Neeraj Kumar cited doctor's findings to say that Tomar had internal injuries on his chest, neck and lower abdomen. \"Whatever injuries we are telling you about comes from what the RML doctors have told us,\" he said.\"We are adding the murder section based on the doctors' inputs,'' Taj Hasan, joint CP (central range), told the media.The real picture can only emerge once the post mortem report released after three days. The autopsy was conducted on Tuesday morning.Meanwhile, doctors at RML Hospital said Tomar didn't have any external injuries. \"There were minor bruises on the chest and right wrist. He had suffered a cardiac arrest and was unconscious when brought to the hospital. We resuscitated him and had put him on ventilator support,'' said Dr T S Sidhu, medical superintendent, RML Hospital.Sources say that doctors had performed investigations like X-ray and ultrasound. \"He was being treated for cardiac problems. He had no other serious complication. He didn't have any fractures,'' said Dr Sidhu.This was confirmed by Dr Jagdish Prasad, DGHS, Union health ministry, \"The MS had briefed me on Sunday about his condition. There were no external injuries. As he had suffered a heart attack, doctors at RML had to resuscitate him by giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR).\"Times ViewAnybody getting killed, whether policeman or protester, in the course of a stand-off between the two is a sad thing and must not be brushed aside as 'collateral damage'. However, the government and the police must not use this tragic death as a convenient brush with which to tar protesters as a bunch of hooligans out simply to create trouble. The precise circumstances in which constable Tomar died remain a matter of speculation. If indeed some among the protesters deliberately trampled upon him leading to his death, they must be caught and punished. But a random crackdown on all protesters as revenge for his death or attempts to frame some people for it should not be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762799", "title": "Undertrial dies in jail, inmates protest", "text": "MADURAI: A 24-year-old undertrial died in Madurai prison under mysterious circumstances on Tuesday. A group of inmates of the central prison in Madurai jumped into a hunger strike alleging that medical negligence by prison officials led to the death of the undertrial.Prison officials claimed that the undertrial suffered acute chest pain and was rushed to the government Rajaji Hospital on Monday evening, where he died without responding to treatment. The undertrial, P Solaimurugan of Karumbalai area near Tallakulam in the city, was arrested a few days back on charges of marrying a minor girl. Solaimurugan had an affair with the girl from the same locality. When the parents of the girl learnt about the affair, they opposed it. However, Solaimurugan married the girl without the consent of her parents. The girl's parents immediately lodged a police complaint alleging that Solaimurugan had kidnapped their daughter. Based on the complaint, he was arrested and sent to central prison.On Monday evening, Solaimurugan was taken to GRH by prison officials after he fell ill and died there later. The prison officials also claimed he was also suffering from kidney ailment and denied the charge of negligence. \"We provided him first aid and rushed him to hospital,\" said a prison official.But the prison inmates including Vivek alias Vivekanandan, who was arrested on charges of having naxal links, resorted to a hunger strike. They demanded better medical facilities in the prison hospital. Relatives of Solaimurugan also demanded a probe into his death, alleging that there was mystery in it.Prison officials said most of the protesting inmates gave up the hunger strike after they held talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763320", "title": "Kankaria carnival's wall paintings inspired by Gandhi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahatma Gandhi , rural life of the people of Kutch and a Warli painting depicting life of the adivasis was the theme for the wall painting of the fifth Kankaria carnival. Professional and amateur painters from all over the state gathered at Gujarat Vidyapith, Income tax , Parimal Garden underpass, the Kanakria lakefront, Gujarat university and several other places to paint their creations.Mehul Prajapati, an artisan from Saurashtra brought out the life of Kutchis and their cattle rearing business on canvas. The painters also got creative with the three famed monkeys of Gandhiji as one held a camera, the second held a mobile phone and the third was depicted whispering. Manish Prajapati, student and participant said \"I wanted to show how society through the concept of Gandhiji ke teen bandar.\"Majority of the artists were art students doing their diplomas or pursuing fine arts. Outside Gujarat Vidyapith, the contestants chose to represent the life and journey of Gandhi. At Income Tax and other venues, rural life and Warli paintings were depicted. Many were participating for the first time but exuded confidence through their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762371", "title": "Rs 10cr smuggling case: Key accused surrenders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wanted by Delhi Police in a Rs 10 crore smuggling case, key suspect Rohit Sakhuja, a Karol Bagh businessman, surrendered in a local court on Saturday and was sent to 14 days judicial custody.The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), in June, unearthed an international syndicate smuggling restricted fridge gases, air conditioners and cigarettes. The accused was aided by Ajit Chhadha who is loged at Tihar Jail.Over 8,000 air conditioners and 6,000 units of R-22 gases, commonly used in heating, ventilation and air conditioning were seized by DRI officials, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17767011", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Cops reach out on social media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after social networking sites emerged as the rallying point for youths, from arranging protests at India Gate and taking up a stand on the shutdown in central Delhi, Delhi Police have finally learnt a lesson on how to communicate with youngsters.The traffic police used its most important tool, a Facebook account, to announce lifting of restrictions on traffic movement around India Gate. Even the Delhi Police spokesperson joined in updating the same status. Hours later, Delhi Police commissioner tried to reach out to the youth on Twitter. \"We sincerely regret if any innocent protester was hurt or lathi-charged and apologise,\" he tweeted on Monday night.On Tuesday morning, the commissioner yet again took the lead in announcing the death of the Delhi Police constable Subhas Tomar who lost his life after protesters allegedly ran over him at India Gate last Sunday. Cops claim that Tomar was attacked before he was trampled. \"With deep regret we inform that constable Subhas Tomar succumbed to his injuries at 6.40am today,'' the commissioner tweeted.Senior officers said that on several occasions cops have found that reposts and comments on these sites have been negative, even outright filthy. \"We have not removed many such posts as we want to communicate with the youth. We respect their democratic space,\" said an officer at the police headquarters. Though the traffic cops took to Facebook several years ago, the others are new entrants. \"You need to understand the youngsters if you want to penetrate their working spaces,\" said an officer.Some city residents have applauded the effort. \"This is a good use of police resources,\" said Vijyant Jain, a 27-year-old manager with Orange Business Services, who drives a minivan. He posted an alert on the Facebook page on Friday about a traffic block in New Delhi.Critics say these methods could set a dangerous precedent. Relying on people to turn in their neighbours online is \"Orwellian,\" said Gaurav Mishra, chief executive of 2020 Social, a social business consultancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762489", "title": "Curtains on govt cars: Cops turn blind eye", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the traffic police threaten strict action against all vehicles - buses and private cars - using curtains on their windows, it seems a certain section of vehicles has been kept out of the purview of the enforcers. A large number of government vehicles - belonging to administrative officers like SDMs and even police officials - still openly flaunt curtains. Asked about the violation, joint CP (traffic) Satyendra Garg promised tough measures. \"The law is equal for all. We will not be choosing the men against whom we will take action. Whether it is a private vehicle or any government one, whether it is a bus or a truck, no vehicle will be allowed to put up curtains,'' assured Garg.The situation on the ground, though, is an altogether different story. At the ITO crossing, even as police stopped cars with tinted windows, there was no move to check the use of curtains. Government vehicles with curtains zipped past without being signaled to stop. \"We have told them to form special teams to target government officials, to send out a strong signal,'' said a senior officer at the police headquarters. But the functionary on the ground sounded apprehensive. \"We will be stopping government vehicles only after explicit orders. It involves a lot of extra work as the prosecuted drivers throw their weight around.''According to senior police officers, there is no precise record of the number of vehicles found to be violating the Motor Vehicles Act by using curtains. \"We are keeping a total tally of prosecutions on tinted glass and curtains. We don't have a separate count on action against curtains,'' said an officer.After the brutal gang rape in a bus on December 16, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde had announced some measures in the Lok Sabha to check crime against women in Delhi and ensure their safety in buses. Shinde had said that a drive would be launched to ensure the removal of tinted glasses and curtains from buses.\"It has been decided to crack down on all buses having tinted glasses and curtains. They will be impounded,\" the minister had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17761786", "title": "Nod to Kondaveedu Fort Road", "text": "GUNTUR: Acting quickly, Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan has granted final permission for the construction of ghat road to the Kondaveedu Fort near here. The Centre's permission became necessary as the proposed road to the hill-top fort passes through the reserve forest in Phirangipuram mandal.The Union minister's office is reported to have forwarded the relevant papers to the southern zone chief conservator of forests (Bangalore) soon after she cleared the file late on Monday. The office of the chief conservator had in turn informed Kondaveedu Fort development society convener Kalli Siva Reddy about the grant of nod by the Union minister.\"The Forest Conservation Act, 1980, strictly restricts and regulates the de-reservation of forests or use of forest land for non forest purposes without prior approval from the Centre. We put up the case of Kondaveedu Fort road as a special issue to protect the historical monument and got the clearance,\" said a senior forest official.Expressing happiness over the development, Sivareddy said that the timely intervention of Union science and technology minister Jaipal Reddy and local MP M Venugopal Reddy had helped them get the nod of Jayanthi Natarajan early. Although, they were expecting the clearance by the month end, the Union minister acted much early, said Sivareddy. He said that the Union environment ministry's clearance was the last hurdle for them to cross in the last five years in pushing the developmental works on the fort ahead. With the state government having already granted nearly Rs.10 crore, the developmental works including the ghat road from Puttakota would be taken up on a war footing, Sivareddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai/ madurai", "code": "17762587", "title": "Fighting harassment: Complaint boxes disappear from Chennai campus", "text": "CHENNAI/ MADURAI: Every morning when Poornima (name changed) left her hostel for college, she would spot a man standing across the road watching her. He would follow her to the bus stop, board the bus and follow her to class, and then later, back to her home. He was a student in her college and Poornima tried to complain to the authorities. But no action was taken, and she finally got a transfer to another college.Colleges are supposed to have dropboxes so that students can discreetly make complaints about sexual harassment as well as display the numbers of local police stations prominently. The measure was introduced after the death of Sarika Shah, a student of Ethiraj College, who died of injuries in 1998 after she was sexually harassed on the street. Plainclothes policewomen were posted on campuses and at bus stops. A motorcycle-borne White Brigade was instituted to patrol the areas around colleges. Today, these measures seem to have died quietly.\"I am not aware of any dropbox on the college premises or of the emergency contact numbers,\" said Lakshmi Venkatraman, a third-year student at Ethiraj College. \"I have seen a few policewomen in mufti at times. We are often harassed by guys outside the college when we are travelling by bike or on buses.\" Asked about her reaction in such a situation, she shrugged. \"Contacting the police is not an option,\" she said. \"They make it more awkward for us.\" A senior faculty member at the college insisted that they have measures in place. \"We have a dropbox and a bulletin board where we display numbers of the local police station,\" she said. \"During my entire tenure in this college, I have never heard of any complaints being dropped in that box.\"Divya Ravishankar, a third-year student at MOP Vaishnav College, has the number of the local police station stored on her phone. \"I found it out myself and decided to keep it handy,\" she said. \"I haven't heard of the college telling us how to deal with sexual harassment.\"There have been casualties due to street sexual harassment, says Prasanna Poornachandra, founder of International Foundation for Crime Prevention and Victim Care. \"We did a safety audit at six women's colleges in the city last year,\" she said. \"Several girls told us of instances where somebody they knew had attempted or committed suicide due to continuous harassment. They were not sure whom to approach to deal with the issue. They were scared to tell their parents as they were worried they might be pulled out of college.\"However, there's good news from two other districts, Madurai and Sivaganga. In Madurai, mounting incidence of molestations by teachers prompted the authorities to install complaint boxes in all government schools two months back. Now, the Sivaganga district authorities have followed suit after two teachers from Government Higher Secondary school in Anumanthakudi village near Devakottai were accused of sexually harassing the students. A case has been registered against the two teachers under the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection of Children Act and Women Harassment Act.A S Radhakrishnan, chief educational officer (CEO), Sivaganga, said that all 258 schools in the district have been instructed to install complaint boxes. \"The headmasters should open and check the complaint boxes every week and take appropriate action against the erring teachers. If there is any allegation against the headmaster, he should submit the complaint box key to senior teachers. There will be two complaint boxes in each school. One will be installed in the prominent place of a school, whereas one will be installed near students' toilet so that they could discretely drop the complaint letters,\" said the CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17764547", "title": "Salman and Abhishek are the new best friends in tinsel town?", "text": "Just before the film industry heavyweights and the cream of high society go their own ways to usher in the new year, industrialist Sunny Dewan and his glamorous wife Anu brought them together for what turned out to be the party of the year on Christmas eve at their Bandra residence.The Dewans were celebrating after four long years, and they pulled out all the stops.Right from newly weds Riteish and Genelia and new parents Akshay and Twinkle to the dashing singles Ranbir Kapoor, Sikander Kher and Angad Bedi, the party was buzzing with plenty of happy energy.But what turned out to be a show stopper in the truest sense, was the palpable camaraderie between Abhishek Bachchan and Salman Khan . Late into the party, when most of the guests were glowing happily (thanks to the free flowing alcohol and continental spread ), Abhishek and Salman officially put an end to all the tension between, some real and others perceived.According to several eye-witnesses the two men retreated into a quiet corner and had a hearty chat over a couple of drinks. Though this was not the first time they exchanged cordiality, this bonding in public was an eye-popper. Especially since it happened in the presence of Aishwarya.Says an eye-witness, \"Salman came in around 2.30 am, much after his best friend Sajid Nadiadwala had left the venue. In a flash, he put an arm around Abhishek and the two walked into a corner to chat.\"So drawn were the men into the conversation, that no one dared to interrupt them. Not even Aishwarya, who maintained a dignified distance from both her former boyfriend and her husband all the time.That was not all. Salman, who has been shining brighter than a thousand suns, thanks to his run of luck at the box office, even exchanged cordiality with Gauri Khan, who had arrived solo. Shah Rukh is in Wai shooting for Chennai Express.Speaking of close encounters, while Ranbir Kapoor wisely stayed away from his rumoured ex Nandita Mahtani to avoid unpleasantness, Bobby Deol , who arrived in high spirits, seemed to get an earful from his pretty wife.But eventually, the spirit of the season triumphed over little niggle and the happy guests finally trooped out at 6 in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762728", "title": "HC raps state over child rights", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana High Court has reprimanded the Haryana government over its inaction in forming the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR). \"It is a matter of regret that for waking up state governments from slumbers... PILs are required to be filed to remind them of their statutory duties,\" stated the high court order dated December 14. The court further stated that even after various orders passed in these petitions, the commissions are yet to be constituted by Haryana and Chandigarh.The high court was hearing petitions filed by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights and an NGO pertaining to child labour, which is rampant in Chandigarh, Haryana and Punjab. The high court noted that despite the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 passed more than 25 years ago, imposing a complete ban on the employment of children up to the age of 14, the reality reveals otherwise.Even as the Haryana government had informed the court the on last hearing (October 18) that the commission will be constituted with all the paraphernalia and infrastructures within a period of two months, it was only on December 12 the cabinet approved the constitution of such a commission.On December 14, when state government stated that the commission will be constituted shortly, the court observed that the snail pace of progress needs strong condemnation in absence of any specific time-bound period.Punjab constituted the Commission on April 15, 2011, but it is yet to start functioning. The chairman of the commission and three members have been appointed so far. The court expressed unhappiness over the state of affairs in Chandigarh which the former stated as \"a classic example of red-tapism.\"On the last hearing, counsel for Chandigarh Union Territory was made that the proposal of constitution of the commission has been sent to the Central government for its approval. The Central government had immediately responded that no formal approval is required. As things have not moved further, the court has directed the Central government to give the necessary approval within one week and commission to be formed within a month's time.The high court stated that these petitions should not be treated as adversarial litigations and full cooperation and positive attitude should be exhibited by the states and the Union Territory. While fixing the next date for final arguments and disposal of case on January 1, 2013, the court asked them to submit their suggestions on the issues. Besides states, the court has asked Hemant Goswami, the petitioner, and the NCPCR counsel to give their suggestions on proper implementation and integration of various child rights related laws.After the formation of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) in 2005, the state governments are obligated to constitute similar SCPCRs immediately, as without them there cannot be proper enforcement of the rights of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17762174", "title": "Snatchers kill elderly woman in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Snatchers in Howrah brutally killed an elderly woman on Dr Gangadhar Mukherjee Road near Ramkrishnapur Ghat in the early hours of Tuesday and took away her gold earrings and silver chain before dumping the body in a sewer that drains into the Hooghly.Harikala Thapa, 75, was returning from her daily 'Gangasnan', the ritual dip in the river, when the snatchers struck. Had her body not got stuck to an iron rod, it would have got washed away into the river and remained untraced for long. When found later, the death would have been passed off as a case of drowning.The Thapas had moved in as tenants at 12/15, Dr Gangadhar Mukherjee Road five years ago. Harikala lived there with son Til Bahadur, a CESC employee, and his family. The arterial road connects Foreshore Road and Ramkrishnapur Ghat to Fazirbazar on the GT Road (South). Vivek Vihar, one of Howrah's most prominent highrise complexes is also connected by this road. Every day, thousands of people who use the ferry service to and from Kolkata, use this road.\"Every morning, around 3 am, my mother would leave home for her ritual dip. The Ramkrishnapur Ghat is a 15-minute walk from our house. We would be asleep at the time and mother would lock the main gate from outside before going to the river. She would return around 4 am and later wake us up. Today, we got up by ourselves and didn't find her around. We started worrying when she didn't return by 7 am. This is when we heard that an elderly woman was lying dead in a drain close to the Foreshore Road. I rushed there and found it was my mother. She was lying face up in the water. There were severe injury marks on her head,\" Til Bahadur said.The spot where the body was found is midway between the house and the ghat. The drain is outside a closed paper mill. Several trucks and large transport vehicles are parked in front of the mill at night. One of the walls of the mill was stained with blood. The bloodstains revealed that the victim was bleeding profusely when she was dragged towards the drain.\"The earrings she wore were quite heavy. Along with her silver chain, they would fetch Rs 30-35,000 in the market. On a few occasions, I tried to dissuade her from wearing the jewellery while going out so early. She would say the road is well lit. A couple of years ago, snatchers accosted her on the road and tried to snatch her earrings. They ran away after she raised an alarm. I have told the police that my suspicion is that my mother was killed by snatchers,\" the CESC employee said.Officials at Howrah police station said while it seemed like the handiwork of snatchers, they were investigating the possibility of the woman being knocked down by a speeding vehicle before a snatcher took away her jewels. Locals who found the body, however, said that the story of a hit-and-run case was far-fetched.\"They killed her to snatch her earrings and chain. When she resisted, they used a heavy object to smash her head before tearing away the earrings. They had expected the body to get swept away into the river,\" said Biltu Singh, a local. Another witness, Amit Lama , claimed her hands were tied behind her back. \"We are looking into all possible angles. People will be questioned to find out about the activities of criminals in the area,\" said Ajey Ranade, commissioner of police, Howrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762184", "title": "Rush-hour Metro turns nightmare for Kolkata women", "text": "KOLKATA: A Metro ride in Kolkata, particularly during the peak hours, has turned into a nightmare for women in the last couple of years, thanks to the extension of the network and a spurt in the number of commuters. Though only a few complaints are lodged, women claim that they fall prey to sexual abuse regularly. While some of them protest, others try to move away to a safer place in the overcrowded trains.\"I have been a commuter since my college days. I got used to the Metro as it was, and still is, the most convenient mode of transport in Kolkata. However, things have got horrible in the last couple of years, ever since the services were extended up to Garia. I face harassment almost every day. There are some men who don't think twice before brushing past a woman or even pressing against her body, taking advantage of the crowd. I had protested on a few occasions but the general attitude among commuters, particularly men, is that women raise a hue and cry over everything. The common refrain is that such things happen in crowded trains,\" said Bornali, a software professional, who commutes to Park Street.A schoolteacher, who commutes to Girish Park from south Kolkata, revealed how her protest one day led to a furore inside the compartment. \"The man standing behind me started brushing his trousers' front against my back after the train started from Rabindra Sarobar. I tried to shift but it was too crowded. I couldn't tolerate it any longer when he started feeling me after the compartment got more crowded at Jatin Das Park. I simply turned around and gave him a slap. Instead of people taking my side, everybody turned against me. Some women supported me but they were overpowered by men who said that 'women like us' who are so 'dainty' should not leave their homes. It got so embarrassing that I had to get off at Netaji Bhavan. I was nearly in tears,\" she said.Metro officials said strict action is taken whenever a complaint is received. The few victims, who lodged complaints, vouched for this. But not all women can afford to get off at stations and lodge complaints, particularly if they receive no support from co-passengers. \"In the crowd, a woman can't drag a man by herself to the door of the compartment. The train only stops for a few seconds at stations. There is also pressure from people trying to board the train. However, I know of at least one case of a friend who complained to security personnel at the station and the molester was nabbed at the next station. The authorities are doing their best but they can't help,\" said a college student.\"We realize that incidents do happen in the crowded trains and we have increased monitoring. During the Pujas, we chased down a gang of eve-teasers and got them arrested. Nowadays, there are more security staff near the compartment gates when a train stops.We are expediting efforts to install the GSM-R technology that will allow communication on a moving train. Once this is in place, we will be able to monitor live video footage from inside compartments at the security control. If anything happens, a reception party will be waiting at the next station to escort out the miscreants to their rightful place behind the bars,\" a Metro official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761038", "title": "NMC 24x7 water supply project lags behind", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) actually started the 24x7 water supply project's work in the month that was deadline for its completion. No wonder, civic body is still not able to achieve monthly targets that are crucial to the project worth over 500 crore.Even the target set for the month of August is yet to be achieved raising serious questions on the project that was hailed as unique among major cities of country.The Central government approved the project on February 13, 2009, under JNNURM scheme. NMC was supposed to complete the project by March 31 this year. Shockingly, it started work on March 1. Marking the project as slow moving project, the Centre set final deadline as December 2013 and making clear no further extensions would be granted. Accordingly, NMC set month-wise targets for private operator Orange City Water Ltd (OCWL) to complete the project within final deadline.The figures mentioned in NMC's monthly progress reports of JNNURM scheme reveal a shocking picture. OCWL was to complete 10% work of the project in June but achieved only 5%. Besides, the private operator could complete 11.84% work against the target of 25% in August. It increased to 16.25% in September but well behind the target of 29%. The same target could not be achieved even by the end of October. As against the target of 29%, OCWL managed to finish 23.37% work.NMC official told TOI OCWL completed 24.32% work up to December 15 and may take it to 25% by December end. Under the project, company has to lay 574.315 km new pipelines by December 2013. In the last ten months, it laid just 82.50 km pipeline. OCWL, in a press release issued recently, claimed it would complete 90 km by December 31. It means the operator will have to lay 484.315 km pipeline in remaining 12 months or more than a kilometre a day on average. This looks a near impossibility.The OCWL press release added that the project was going on in full swing in 10 areas. \"All efforts have been taken to ensure safety during the execution. Besides, consumer complaint centres were started in all areas where works are going on. A 24x7 call centre wa launched to address problems and complaints from the entire city,\" it said.Confirming 24.32% work upto December 15, officiating executive engineer Azizur Rehman told TOI the OCWL had expedited work to a great extent. \"Target was to complete 25% work up to December 31. Good thing is that we may achieve the target and be in a position to submit the utilization certificate for first instalment of funds. It will pave way for second instalment from the Centre,\" he said.The NMC itself pushed the ambitious project into controversy by going in for PPP model. Besides, the OCWL's failure to ensure proper operation and maintenance of water works added to the controversies. Many corporators are up in arms against the operator for its poor performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761333", "title": "Onus on ministry as IABF fails to make headway", "text": "BANGALORE: More than 15 days have passed and the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) has virtually given up hopes of convincing the Union sports ministry that it would be able to hold the re-elections any time soon.The ministry suspended IABF on December 7 and gave it 15 days' time to confirm a re-election after it found that the September polls had been 'flawed and faulty'. The same day, the International Boxing Federation (AIBA) too suspended the Indian body for \"possible manipulation\" in the elections.Boxing officials realise the deadline has passed but are at their wits' end as they are unable to make much headway in the matter. They have drafted a new constitution in consonance with AIBA's statutes, but it would require at least two rounds of discussions with various stakeholders of the game, including state associations, before being sent to the ministry for consideration.Officials expect the ministry to take the issue forward with AIBA in the New Year. The ministry has found itself playing an increasingly important role particularly after the AIBA, in a recent missive, said that it would only interact with the government. This has come as a setback to IABF as it realises that none of its officials has the official power to negotiate with the world body.The fresh changes in the constitution include the tenure and age guidelines of the government's sports code and recognition to all three forms of boxing -- Amateur Olympic Boxing (AOB), World Series Boxing (WSB) and AIBA Professional boxing (APB) -- which the AIBA had insisted on after India sat out of WSB Season III this year.Sources said the only way out was for the ministry to form a fresh committee comprising its officials and experts from the sport so that a solution can be found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761691", "title": "Metro ride in June '13? Work on crucial bridge completed", "text": "MUMBAI: Will Mumbaikars be able to take their dream ride in a Metro by June 2013? The construction of a Metro bridge over Western Railway tracks near Andheri station, crucial in commissioning the city's first Metro rail-the Versova-Andher-Ghatkopar route, was completed on Sunday.Huge cranes installed last of the panels, carved in irons and resembling the Howrah bridge structure, atop the pillars on Sunday, a source in Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd said.Following limited hours for construction work due to suburban rail traffic below, completing work in the stipulated time was a challenge. According to sources in the metropolitan administration, the 1,284-m steel bridge was completed in a record time of 288 days and is the first such steel-and-concrete bridge over the busy suburban railway. Now the work to lay tracks and signalling system on the viaduct and the bridge will gain momentum, besides installation of commuter infrastructure at the upcoming stations.\"It seems that the dream to ride on Mumbai's first-ever Metro train could soon be realized. There is a plan to at least conduct trial runs and start operations on a section, between Versova and Airport Road stations, of the 12-km Metro route,\" the source pointed out. The route has 12 stations.Construction of the bridge, supported by three pillars, started early this year and faced several challenges-the biggest being building a pillar in the middle of the tracks without restricting train traffic even for a day.Besides this bridge, the cable-stay bridge atop Western Express Highway is another attraction on the route. \"Care was taken to not dusrupt traffic while building the two structures. The bridge went through a series of delicate battles-issues of a mosque, a foot overbridge and Indian Railway's stringent safety norms with very limited train-blocks available,\" sources said.Due to restriction in working hours and non-availability of space, the steel girder had to be pre-fabricated at a workshop in Kolkata. It took six-seven days to transport it to Mumbai on a piecemeal basis.VERSOVA-ANDHERI-GHATKOPAR CORRIDOR FACT FILE*Route length: 11.4 km*Number of stations: 12 (Versova, D N Nagar, Azad Nagar, Andheri, Western Express Highway, Chakala, Airport Road, Marol, Sakinaka, Subhash Nagar, Jagruti Nagar, Ghatkopar)*Max per hr peak direction traffic: 45,000*Passenger carrying capacity: 10 lakh / day*Fleet Size: 16 four-car trains*Headway: 3 minutes (minimum)Status report*95% civil work has been completed.*Cable-stay bridge on WEH, first ever and highest cable-stay bridge for a Metro in Asia, is completed.*System works viz track works, power supply, signaling, telecommunications, etc are being carried out simultaneously.*7 of 16 ordered trains have been received; rest expected by 2012-end or beginning of 2013.*Only smaller spans of viaduct towards Sarvoday and Asalpha are to be connected", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762391", "title": "Madhavi goes soft on SDM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s driver", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after a road accident involving the official vehicle of sub-divisional-magistrate (SDM) of Panchkula, Chandigarh police have closed the investigation on Tuesday after recording statement of injured Madhavi that she does not want any action against SDM's driver Ved Pal.Madhavi, who is five-week pregnant, was admitted to Government Multi-Specialty Hospital, Sector 16, and discharged on Tuesday. The accident took place on Madhya Marg in Sector 27 when Madhavi, a resident of Baltana, was crossing the road and car hit her on December 23. The car of SDM Sharanjit Brar was being driven by Ved Pal. Brar and her PSO Madan Lal were occupying the rear seat.SHO of PS 26 inspector Anokh Singh said, \"Injured Madhavi refused to lodge any complaint and maintained she was hit when driver Ved Pal tried to save her on Madhya Marg.\"A DDR has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761452", "title": "Pregnant woman raped, murdered in Tumkur", "text": "MANGALORE: Police arrested three persons for allegedly raping and murdering a pregnant woman in Chandragiri village of Madhugiri taluk in Tumkur district. Enjarappa and his cousins Manjunath and Ramesh allegedly kidnapped, raped and murdered Sakamma (name changed). Five others who helped them are absconding. One of the arrested told police that one of the accused who is at large, had raped Sakamma. Police found her body buried at Bijanakere tank and exhumed it. Samples have been sent to a forensic lab and the result is awaited.The woman, in her early 30s, lived in a hut with her grandmother and father. She was married to Chandragiri gram panchayat member Yenjarappa and was three months pregnant, police said. Tumkur SP told TOI that Sakamma was Yenjarappa's second wife. After he had three daughters by his first wife, a disappointed Yenjarappa decided to marry again as he wanted a son to inherit his property. Sakamma's grandmother complained to police that she had been abducted by Yenjarappa's first wife, her father and friends. She feared that if Sakamma had a son, he would inherit the property, and plotted the murder with her brothers Ramesh and Manjunath. Ramesh confessed that they had raped the woman, and police are waiting for the postmortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762882", "title": "Victims' condition critical, but stable", "text": "PUNE: The condition of Appasaheb Ravindra Magdum and Balu Sitaram Gawari, who were assaulted in a road rage incident on Alandi-Bhosari road on Saturday night, continues to be critical, but stable.\"There is no further deterioration in their health. But Gawari's condition is more critical than Magdum,\" said a doctor attending to them at Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital.Magdum (24), an engineer with a private company, and Gawari (25), the firm's driver, are residents of Chakan . They sustained severe injuries after they were brutally stabbed by a six-seater autorickshaw driver and his two accomplices.Magdum was later robbed of his cellphones and cash by two unidentified men posing as Good Samaritans, who dumped him outside the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital.Police are still clueless about the suspects involved in the assault as well as in the robbery.The Bhosari police have questioned around 500 autorickshaw drivers to get information about the suspects.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-III) Shahaji Umap said police have also alerted owners of car repair shops in the area as the six-seater rickshaw had met with an accident.\"Our men are questioning autorickshaw drivers and people with criminal records in the area,\" Umap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "17762234", "title": "Asansol cold wave claims 4 in 24 hrs", "text": "Asansol: A cold wave swept through Asansol, leaving four unidentified persons dead in the past 24 hours. Probe revealed all the victims were beggars and had no night shelter, police said.Police said the bodies were retrieved from four different places in Asansol. While a 40-year-old man was found dead near Baraboni railway gate, a middle-aged person was found dead at Raha Lane in Asansol South police station area.On Monday night, the bodies of two 60-year-old men were retrieved from the pavement of Asansol railway station and from near Topsi Baba temple in Asansol North Police station area respectively.Sources in the Asansol Durgapur Police Commissionerate said that autopsy reports stated that they had died because of the cold.Besides the low temperatures, a thick blanket of fog engulfed the town, reducing visibility and keeping vehicles off roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763441", "title": "Rs 8 lakh vanish from vehicle in Odhav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A bag containing Rs 8 lakh was stolen from the glove box of a vehicle in Odhav on Monday. Complainant Virji Vora, a resident of Ghanshyam Apartment, Khodiarnagar, works with a construction firm at Shivam Complex on Nikol-Naroda road. He said that while he was parking his two-wheeler at the complex, a person came to him and asked for direction to Nikol. \"The man asked him to accompany him and show him the way. When Vora came back, he found the glove box of his vehicle open and Rs 8L stolen,\" said an Odhav police official. tnnAccording to Odhav police, Virji Vora, a resident of Ghanshyam Apartment, Khodiarnagar, works with a construction firm at Shivam Complex on Nikol-Naroda road. He had been to collect money from some of his business associates on Monday and had returned to office at 6 pm with a bag containing Rs 8 lakh.\"As per Vora's complaint, he was parking his two-wheeler in the complex's basement when a man came near him and asked for direction to Nikol. The man asked him to accompany him and show him the way. When Vora came back, he found the glove box of his vehicle open and money stolen,\" said an Odhav police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762912", "title": "Assamese students seek action in Sivasagar molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a 22-year-old law student of Gauhati University alleged inaction by the police in a case of molestation filed by her against six persons in her hometown in Sivasagar district, the All Assamese Students' Association, New Delhi, staged a protest in front of the Assam Bhawan in the national Capital on Tuesday, demanding justice.The New Delhi-based students from the state intended to hand over a memorandum in this regard to chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is in New Delhi at present, but couldn't submit it due as Gogoi was not available.\"We demand immediate action against the police official who has failed to take action in the case, besides arrest of the culprits and a high-level investigation in the case. It's shameful that police have not only failed to protect women , but also failed to take action against the culprits,\" said Swaroop Deka, a New Delhi-based student from Assam. The girl was allegedly disrobed by six people including a minor in broad daylight at Joysagar town of Sivasagar district on August 8. Though she immediately filed a complaint at Joysagar Police Station, police arrested only one of the six accused. However, the other five are still free, she alleged. Police said investigation in the case is still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762667", "title": "2 held for stealing truck wheels", "text": "GURGAON: The Sohna crime branch has busted a gang and arrested two, including the gang leader, who used to steal wheels of heavy vehicles. Police have recovered a country-made pistol and stolen bikes from their possession.\"The suspects are identified as Sahkul and Tareef, both residents of Bawla village in Taurou police station in Mewat. They confessed to stealing wheels of around 50 heavy vehicles in Gurgaon, Pataudi, Farukhnagar, Manesar and Badshapur area,\" said K K Sindhu, Commissioner of police, Gurgaon.According to police, the crime branch team 5 received a tipoff about the two members of the gang who were planning a similar theft on Monday night. The crime branch team led by sub-inspector Tarun Dahiya, reached the spot and made the arrests. The arrested were involved are various crimes in the past.\"The gang has around 20 members. They have also stolen goods worth lakhs of rupees from an electronic equipments showroom. The accused are on police remand and we are questioning them,\" said a senior police officer. Recently, the suspects had stolen the wheels of a half-body truck after threatening the helper of the truck with a gun on the service lane of the Gurgaon-Delhi expressway near Naharpur Rupa village around 2.30 am on Saturday. The Sadar police had filed an FIR of extortion under Section 382 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767777", "title": "Reading \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLove Letters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 with Om Puri, Divya Dutta", "text": "If love cannot be defined, then a love story too transcends fixed and logical meanings.A love story ends on a note of despair, sometimes loss, death or tragedy at other times, but seldom does it end with our favourite cliche, 'happily-ever-after.' While Romeo and Juliet's love does not live for long beyond the balcony, Antony and Cleopatra's kiss of love is poisoned by Octavius Caesar, Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler's passion is one inch short to permanence, Laila and Majnu are forced to part ways and Salim and Anarkali's blossoming romance was doomed from the beginning. Amrita Nigam and Zulfikar Haidar is yet another pair whose love was perhaps meant to be unrequited but also, eternal and exemplary at the same time. 35 years of life lived together through letters, letters that brought them close, letters that moved them away from each other and letters that securely enveloped a romance unknown to the ignorant world.' Teri Amrita ', a Punjabi play (translated by Amrik Gill and directed by veteran actor and thespian Om Puri), originally written by Javed Siddiqui titled ' Tumhari  Amrita ' is an adaptation of American playwright A R Gurney's ' Love Letters ' (1988). Recently staged in Delhi over four consecutive days ' Teri Amrita ' ran to packed houses in the evenings of this chilly December month.An unfinished letter, an incomplete love storyThere are two chairs, two tables and heaps of letters upon which written, are words, waiting to be read, heard, lived and loved. Draped in a red and black saree, actress Divya Dutta breathed life into the character of Amrita Nigam, an artist whose paintings were an expression of her passionate self; and a free-spirited woman often misunderstood and condemned by society for her 'antics'. Om Puri, on the other, looked radiant in a white cotton chikankari kurta-pyjama and well-suited the persona of Zulfikar Haidar, a student of Civil Services until he stumbles upon law as his true calling and eventually ends up a bureaucrat and an important political figure during the pre-independence years.The year is 1940 and it is Amrita's eighth birthday party, also, a beginning of a friendship that is to last seasons, birthdays and festivals spanning 35 years. Writing letters to each other becomes so intrinsic to the lives of Amrita and Zulfi that when they find nothing new to say to each other, the letter just reads, 'Happy New Year' or a 'Happy Birthday'. On days when Amrita is unhappy or upset to learn that Zulfi would miss her yet another art exhibition due to political engagements, she would either resolve not to send anymore letters or pen abuses to her lover. A little cajoling from Zulfi in his next letter would be enough to get her back to writing to him.'Will you marry me Zulfi?'To believe that only marriage can consummate love would be an affront to a relationship that is beyond societal dictates. When Amrita writes, ' Mujhse Shaadi Karoge Zulfi' (Will you marry me Zulfi), Zulfi is left thinking about how he should articulate his reply. \"To write your name, Amrita on this white sheet of paper is like giving direction to a lover lost on an empty road,\" writes Zulfi trying to tell Amrita that they were married from the day they exchanged their first letter. But he gets married, not to Amrita but another woman after he gives into his parents' wishes. Whether it was the difficult proposition of a Hindu-Muslim marriage during the partition years that prevented the union of Amrita and Zulfi one doesn't know, but one surely could not question the purity and intensity of a bond destined to be etched in the memory of successive generations.'I cannot marry you Zulfi'But there were uncomfortable questions when one fateful day a journalist caught hold of Amrita's letter addressed to Zulfi. The possession of Amrita's letter became a weapon to malign the political image of Zulfi and also ridicule the status of a woman (Amrita) who had lost her family to fatal health conditions and resorted to alcohol and her canvas for company. Amrita had toured almost the entire world with her paintings exhibited in New York , Rome and elsewhere. However, she began to lose her vision and failed to distinguish red from black, \"Instead of red, I painted a black sunset Zulfi,\" she wrote. Given the circumstances, Zulfi proposes marriage to Amrita to save both her and him from filthy conspiracies, but Amrita refuses. \"Your wife and little child had come to visit me. You cannot do something against your family. I cannot marry you,\" she signs off.The last letterAmrita dies. Zulfi writes a letter to the journalist urging him to publish not one but all the letters exchanged between him and Amrita over 35 years so that the love of his life is not (mis)judged for a single letter but understood fully as a person that she truly was.There's humour, sorrow, pain and pathos in this play, a play where two actors have nothing but their voices and dialogues to weave a story.With actors like Om Puri and Divya Dutta on stage, every dialogue immediately became an image in the mind; such was the power of their theatrical genius.On clinical terms Amrita may have died due to an alcohol overdose but in reality she died because she began to find death dearer than life.She was not just Amrita; she was Zulfi's Amrita, ' Teri Amrita'.History of 'Teri Amrita'Shabana Azmi and Farooq Sheikh have been performing 'Tumhari Amrita' for almost two decades now. When director Feroz Abbas Khan first staged 'Tumhari Amrita' in 1992 at Prithvi Theatre, Mumbai, as a tribute to Jennifer Kapoor on her birthday, little could he foresee that the play would be celebrated for over than 20 years. Om Puri and Divya Dutta first performed the play at Rose Theatre, Ontario , Canada , where the former made a comeback to theatre after 25 years while it was the latter's debut performance as a theatre artist.ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763346", "title": "Polarization in Muslim dominated seats helped BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ruling BJP had not fielded a single Muslim candidate yet it managed to win in 11 out of the 18 constituencies where Muslim voters are in substantial numbers and could have swung the results in the recently held assembly elections in Gujarat.A detailed analysis of the data shows soft Hindutva was a factor and that there was polarization on communal lines in these constituencies. Muslims did not vote for BJP in significant numbers. Congress benefited more in these seats but eventually voting on communal pattern only went to work in favour of BJP.In Gujarat, 66 assembly constituencies have Muslim population varying from 10% to over 60%. BJP won 40 of these seats, the Congress 25 and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) grabbed one. The percentage works out to 60% for BJP and 40% for Congress. When compared to the data for all 182 seats in the state, BJP got 63% and the Congress 34%. Here BJP is at a slight loss.BJP claims that it had won in 24 constituencies which had more than 15% of Muslim voters, which was a gain of six seats over the 2007 elections. The Congress said it had polled more votes in the Muslim dominated constituencies, as evident from the data.The Congress gave tickets to six Muslims but only two could win. In Jamalpur-Khadia constituency, which has 61.5% Muslims voters, there was a triangular contest involving two Muslim candidates. The Muslim votes got split here, giving BJP an additional seat in the process.Vejalpur constituency has 90,000 Muslim voters, who are mainly concentrated in Juhapura and Sarkhej areas. Congress candidate Murtuza Khan Pathan lost from this constituency with a margin of over 40,000 votes. There was polarization on communal lines and he failed to get votes from other communities. This is in contrast to Javed Peerzada's performance in Wankaner who won capturing 39% of all votes polled. Interestingly, the percentage of Muslims in this constituency is just 23.The percentage of Muslims in Bharuch is 38. However, Congress candidates here polled only 35.5%. BJP won this seat by polling 59.5% of the votes. This indicates that Muslims here had voted for BJP but only marginally. Amir Ali Lodhiya in Bhuj managed to get 39% of the votes though Muslims are just 24% of the population there. Yet he lost by a margin of 8,973 votes due to an independent candidate. The Congress could win Dani Limda and Dariapur seats due to non-division of Muslim votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16265328", "title": "Train insane or remain the same: Prateik", "text": "Prateik believes in pushing the limits when it comes to working out.My exercise regime I try and work out every day if possible, or as many times as possible in a week. I concentrate on one body part at a time, and spend at least two to two-and-a-half hours on really intense weight training.My diet My diet consists of low carbs, zero sugar, zero fat, zero dairy product, lots of fish, chicken, red meat, protein shake and lots of vegetables like spinach and mushrooms.My problem areas My biggest problem areas are my stomach and face. If I indulge too much, I gain weight at these wrong places. So, I stick to a very strict diet in order to avoid that.My strengths I think I have very strong bones. I have good shoulders and a good muscle memory.My fitness idol It has to be Bruce Lee and Salman Khan . These two stars epitomise fitness. Salman has maintained such a fab body for over two decades. And I know that is not easy.My fitness mantraI don't have one single mantra, but rather have mantras \u00e2\u20ac\u201d push your levels, pain is temporary, pride is forever. Train insane or remain the same. (As told to Debarati S Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761047", "title": "Maharashtra sets up 25 fast-track courts", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudden spurt in incidents of rape and harassment of girls has prompted chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to set up 25 fast track courts for time bound disposal of serious crime against women.\"In Maharashtra, there are 100 fast track courts for speedy disposal of criminal cases...we will approach the Bombay High Court for earmarking 25 of these courts exclusively for serious crime against the women. We feel that if dedicated courts are set up, it would certainly help in reducing violence against the women folk,\" R R Patil, home minister, told ToI on Tuesday.Earlier on Monday night, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had a marathon meeting with Patil, additional chief secretary Amitabh Rajan, DGP Sanjeev Dayal and police commissioners of Mumbai, Navi-Mumbai and Thane to review the pending cases and on measures to be taken for restoring the confidence among women. Again, Patil will meet all the IGs across the state on December 27 for effective implementation of the decisions taken during CM's meeting.\"We have taken note of the nation wide outrage after a girl was gang raped in New-Delhi. We will take all possible measures for the safety and dignity of the women in the state...we have already supported centre's proposal for a death penalty for the accused in the incidents of gang rape,\" Patil said.He admitted that even as there was steady decline in crime against women, shockingly, there was sudden spurt in incidents of rape and eve teasing in last two years. \"Despite our best efforts, there has been steady increase in the incidents of rape and eve teasing. It's a matter of concern for all of us,\" Patil said.On the measures taken by the state government, Patil said it has been proposed to set up special women's cell in each and every police station, set up special counselling centres across the state and increase the presence of women in the police force. \"In most of the police stations, in the metropolis, we have special cell. If it's not there, it will be set up in a time bound period. Our effort is that the cell should be headed by a woman police sub-inspector. Under every deputy commissioner in the city areas and sub-divisional police officer in rural areas, there will be a special counselling centre for women in distress,\"Patil said.The home minister said out of the 24000 women in the state police force, 18000 were recruited during the last four years, while in next five years, it has been proposed to recruit 20,000 women. \"Our effort will be to ensure that out of the total police force, well over 30 per cent should be women and that too they will be in the main stream,\"Patil said.Patil said after a police constable raped a college girl on the Marine drive a few years ago, following the Khairlanji incident, where in four of a family members were killed, the state government had set up a committed headed by Justice Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari, a former judge of the Bombay High Court to make recommendations on the measures to be taken for security and safety of women. \"The committee made a total of 98 recommendations on corrective measures to be taken by the government. We have accepted 67 recommendations in principle and the government is in the process of issuing official orders for the purpose...the recommendations deal with tackling serious crime against women, setting up of rehabilitation and counselling centres,\" he said.*Total cases of atrocities against women in 2011 - 228650 (15728 in Maharashtra)*Total cases of rape in 2011 -24206 (1701 in Maharashtra)* Cases lodged in courts - 46153", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762439", "title": "Cops reach out on social media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after social networking sites emerged as the rallying point for youths, from arranging protests at India Gate and taking up a stand on the shutdown in central Delhi, Delhi Police have finally learnt a lesson on how to communicate with youngsters.The traffic police used its most important tool, a Facebook account, to announce lifting of restrictions on traffic movement around India Gate. Even the Delhi Police spokesperson joined in updating the same status. Hours later, Delhi Police commissioner tried to reach out to the youth on Twitter. \"We sincerely regret if any innocent protester was hurt or lathi-charged and apologize,\" he tweeted on Monday night.On Tuesday morning, the commissioner yet again took the lead in announcing the death of the Delhi Police constable Subhas Tomar who lost his life after protesters allegedly ran over him at India Gate last Sunday. Cops claim that Tomar was attacked before he was trampled. \"With deep regret we inform that constable Subhas Tomar succumbed to his injuries at 6.40am today,'' the commissioner tweeted.Senior officers said that on many occasions cops have found that reposts and comments on these sites have been negative, even outright filthy. \"We have not removed many such posts as we want to communicate with the youth. We respect their democratic space,\" said an officer at the police headquarters. Though traffic cops took to Facebook several years ago, the others are new entrants. \"You need to understand the youngsters if you want to penetrate their working spaces,\" said an officer.Some city residents have applauded the effort. \"This is a good use of police resources,\" said Vijyant Jain, a 27-year-old manager with Orange Business Services, who drives a minivan. He posted an alert on the Facebook page on Friday about a traffic block in New Delhi. Critics say these methods could set a dangerous precedent. Relying on people to turn in their neighbours online is \"Orwellian,\" said Gaurav Mishra, chief executive of 2020 Social, a social business consultancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761693", "title": "Special prayers held for Delhi rape victim", "text": "HYDERABAD: Christmas fervour and celebrations in the city saw Hyderabadis praying for the recovery of the gang rape victim in New Delhi, who continues to remain critical, during the midnight mass.Denizens cutting across all religions formed long queues outside brightly-illuminated churches on Monday evening for special prayers. \"What happened in Delhi last week has left several youths disturbed. On the occasion of Christmas, we held an exclusive service not only to wish the innocent girl a fast recovery but also prayed so that such heinous crimes do not happen in future,\" said Father Michael, parish priest at St Bernard's Church in Sainikpuri, where 800 people had come together for the midnight mass.Right from early evening, churches across the twin cities were seen buzzing with activity as people gathered to offer prayers and greet each other. Taking a moment from their celebrations, people were seen participating in special prayer services held for the young girl, who was raped by six men, in New Delhi. Among those who had trooped in for the prayers were college students and young professionals who looked perturbed by what had unfolded in the national capital. It wasn't surprising that the joys of ushering in the most awaited festival of the season had faded a tad bit for this bunch who preferred to keep their festivities low-key. \"We have been completely shaken by the Delhi episode. Given the magnitude of the case, it is heartening to see churches organising these special prayers. The last time something like this happened in the city was when thousands lost their lives in the Tsunami,\" said Pavithra Flora, an MNC employee who was at St Xavier's Church in old Alwal along with her friends and family.But the sombre mood notwithstanding, Christmas remained a fun-filled occasion for revellers who visited the city's streets to enjoy the winter chill and delectable goodies. Confectionaries were open way past midnight, their aroma filling the air around them. These outlets did brisk business throughout Tuesday.The largest crowds were, however, seen outside churches, where the excitement and celebratory mood was most palpable. St Mary's Church in Secunderabad, which was recently declared a basilica by Pope Benedict-XVI, saw more than 7,000 people gathered on its premises for the midnight mass.For a good three hours thereafter, people engaged themselves in humming carols and listening to sermons. Post prayers, people were heard indulging in small conversations or savouring street-side delicacies. As the soft notes of Christmas carols came floating from a distant, revellers hugged each other as if to ensure that nobody was far from their Santa Claus that night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17761608", "title": "19 years after death, Ruchika\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s friend cries for justice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As angry protests grip the country over the Delhi gang rape, Aradhana Prakash still seethes in anger over an incident that shook her life exactly 19 years ago. Her closest friend, Ruchika, just 17 then, had snuffed out her own life on December 28, 1993, after she was molested by former Haryana DGP SPS Rathore and her family harassed by him.Aradhana, now settled in Australia, recalls the gritty fight she put up for her friend long before 24x7 television and social media came into our lives and rues that Ruchika's tormentor is roaming free, enjoying a good life.\"Whatever be it, I want to see an end to this case. Only then can Ruchika rest in peace,\" Aradhana told TOI over phone from Sydney , where she stays with her husband and two children.Aradhana said watching the nationwide protests on television and on cyberspace left her both happy and sad. \"Had Ruchika's case been highlighted in such a manner then, at a time she faced atrocities after complaining against a powerful police officer, her case may have attained finality,\" she said.On August 20, 1990, Rathore, then IGP with Haryana Police and president of the Haryana Lawn Tennis Association (HLTA), had molested Ruchika Girhotra, a budding tennis player, in the HLTA office in Panchkula. Ruchika was 14 years old then.Soon after she registered a complaint, Ruchika was expelled from her school - where Rathore's daughter was her classmate -- for \"indiscipline.\" Her family also alleged harassment by Haryana Police at the behest of Rathore.On December 28, 1993, Ruchika consumed poison and died the next day.Over 22 years after Ruchika was molested, Rathore was convicted by a Chandigarh court in December 2009 and sent to jail in June 2010. The conviction was upheld by the Punjab and Haryana High Court too.Rathore was sent to 18 months rigorous imprisonment but the Supreme Court granted him bail after he had served five months of his sentence.\"I was happy when Rathore was convicted and sent behind bars, though it took 19 years of legal battle. But I was left disappointed as the case did not attain finality and is pending before the Supreme Court without any date fixed for hearing,\" said Aradhana.Aradhana and her parents Anand and Madhu Prakash -- family friends of the Girhotras -- stood like a rock by the bereaved family all through the long years of struggle for justice. Aradhana would even fly down from Australia to depose before the court when the case was on.Meanwhile, there have been reports of Rathore spending time mostly at his farmhouse in the outskirts of Panchkula and also frequenting the Panchkula golf club. He also bought his wife a Mercedes earlier this year and paid Rs 9 lakh in an auction for a choice number - 0001. \"The accused is enjoying life. And he has served just one third of his total punishment,\" said Aradhana.\"The Supreme Court has not heard the case after November 2010, when Rathore was granted bail. Delay in judicial proceedings also helps the accused,\" added Aradhana, who has asked her mother, who was one of the complainants against Rathore, to move an application before the apex court for an early or day-to-day hearing of Rathore's petition against his conviction so that the matter can attain finality.TIMELINEAugust 12, 1990 | SPS Rathore, then IG of Haryana Police, molested Ruchika in the office of Haryana Lawn Tennis Association in Panchkula, of which he was the presidentSeptember 1990 | Ruchika expelled from school for 'indiscipline' soon after she accused Rathore of molesting herDecember 28, 1993 | Ruchika consumed poison and died a day laterAugust 21, 1998 | Punjab and Haryana High Court directed CBI to conduct inquiryDecember 21, 2009 | CBI court in Chandigarh awarded six months' rigorous imprisonment to Rathore.May 25, 2010 | Court enhanced sentence to 18 months, Rathore sent behind barsSeptember 1, 2010 | HC upheld Rathore's sentenceNovember 11, 2010 | Rathore granted bail by SC after his appeal against conviction. His appeal is pending and SC yet to fix date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763111", "title": "Visakhapatnam Port Trust cargo handling on the decline", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakhapatnam Port Trust (VPT) is facing rough weather due to the ongoing global downturn. A significant decline in overall cargo handling at VPT is on the horizon this fiscal thanks to a steep decline in handling of its main commodities -- iron ore and petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL) handling, according to sources.While the handling of iron ore at VPT has dipped by more than 35% after iron ore exports to China came to a standstill, exports to other countries have also reduced due to continued recession in global markets, VPT officials said.Apart from iron ore, handling of petroleum products has also witnessed a decline of 20% at the port, giving jitters to the port authorities, who are trying to find ways to tide over the crisis.VPT, which had earlier been in the top slot for seven consecutive years among the major ports, has now been relegated to second position in terms of cargo handling, with Kandla Port overtaking it to surge to the numero uno position.Up to December 15, the port handled 7.7 million tonnes of iron ore, as against about 12.6 million tonnes during the same period last year, a decline of 4.8 million tonnes, sources said. For the whole of last financial year, the port had handled 16.07 MT of iron ore. The port's POL handling declined to 10.7 MT up to December 15, as against 13.8 MT during the corresponding period last year.The VPT had handled a total cargo of 67.41 MT last year (2011-12), which is less than the 68.04 MT cargo handled in 2010-11. The port handled over 19 MT of iron ore and pellets and POL each in 2010-11. But the iron ore cargo handling declined to 16 MT in 2011-12.If things continue the way they are, the port could see a deficit of 6 to 7 MT in both iron ore and POL handling, impacting the total handling of cargo at VPT in the current financial year, a senior officer in VPT added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763168", "title": "Man hit by car, dead", "text": "RAIPUR: A motor-bike borne middle-aged man was killed in a road accident when a car hit him at Kabir Nagar on Monday night.Police said that the incident took place in the wee hours of Monday when a car bearing Orissa-based license plate, hit the man at Kabir Nagar Chowk and fled the spot, leaving the car behind. The unidentified person on the bike was severely injured and critical when Sanjeevani Express reached the venue. He was admitted to the Ambedkar Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries. Amanaka police have registered a case against the car owner based on the registration number.Two held: Police have arrested two youths in a theft case of three motor-bikes. They were caught while on one of the stolen bikes in the city near Rajendra Nagar. Police said that the duo Golu Thakur and Nagendra Singh were frequent offenders and were also arrested earlier in theft case. Both have confessed to their crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763261", "title": "Eat, pray, love\u00e2\u20ac\u00a6 steal", "text": "Cracking a crime takes quick thinking, detailed investigation and intelligence gathering. Some criminals, though, just fall into the net. As the police prepare the 2012 Crime Records, TOI looks at a few burglars whose quirks landed them in jailThe voyeurPrabhu Sekar, 37, likes gold. But he steals it only after what he considers is his 'golden hour.' Sekar identifies young couples \u00e2\u20ac\u201d mostly newly married and lovers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d follows them and sneaks into their bedroom. He hides in a corner and watches the private moments of the couple. Only after they go to sleep does Sekar move to the ornament box. He believes the 'sneak preview' invigorates him to strike gold. A police patrol caught the voyeur-burglar from Tambaram a couple of months ago when he was getting out of a house after a pretty long show-andloot. Sekar's behaviour has put the police in a fix on what advisory to give couples. Keep the doors closed and run a check to ensure there's nobody in your house before... err... sleeping.The code writerThis one thought he was leaving a Da Vinci Code for the house owner to break, but finally it was a policeman who broke his back. 'Kozhi' Subramani, 38, who has to his credit 20 cases of breaking and entering in the neighbourhoods of Tiruvallur and Tiruttani, once decided to leave an intriguing message after an operation. After bagging many valuables from a house, Subramani went to the puja room and, using the 'kumkum', drew a 'namam' on a wall. \"I wanted to leave a mark to irritate or scare the residents,\" he later sang in police custody. What he inadvertently left behind were a lot of fingerprints. Forensic experts didn't have to use any powder to lift the prints \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and their owner.The foodieBurglar Prabhakaran's nickname 'Punnakku' (cattle feed) has nothing to do with his food habits. When he strikes a house, he raids the fridge as much as the safe, and makes sure he has a hearty meal in the wee hours. Having entered a house in the city sometime early this year, Punnakku found something exciting in the kitchen and decided to treat himself. The meal was so sumptuous that he couldn't help but call a friend and tell him about it. The only mistake he made was to use the mobile phone of the resident. Punnakku hummed his way home with the booty, but police came knocking at his door soon after tracing the call details and questioning the friend. Burp!The devoutMannar Ezhilarasan, 45, believes as much in God as in himself. And to be fair to the Almighty, he shares the booty with him. When children his age were reading about burglars in comic books, Ezhilarasan got initiated into the profession. After 37 years and 250 cases registered in Chennai, Villupuram, Vellore and Cuddalore, he told his interrogators that he has never burgled without 'divine permission'. After midnight, he takes a stroll. When he gets 'the call', he breaks into a house. Each time, he makes sure that he donates onethird of the loot to the first temple he sees on his way back home. He was caught in July, probably while searching for a temple. Puzhal prison has been his abode since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762368", "title": "Flight delays may stay till Jan-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: By January-end, delays at IGI airport due to fog may finally come down. The directorate general of civil aviation has asked the Met department to install a third runway visual range machine on the secondary runway that will enable flights to depart from it when visibility falls. The airport has three runways but during dense fog, the new runway invariably cannot be used due to zero visibility and the secondary runway is not equipped to handle any operations. This leaves only the main runway for handling all operations.Arun Mishra, director general DGCA said that the decision was taken keeping in mind that a single runway was not sufficient to meet the airport's requirement which was leading to unnecessary delays during fog. \"We have asked the Met department to install an RVR in the middle of the secondary runway. It already has it on its two ends. With this, flights will be able to take off from it whenever the new runway is rendered unusable in dense fog and reduce the load on the main runway,\" he said.The DGCA chief also had a meeting with the stakeholders on Monday to assess preparedness for fog. He said that based on the operations over two days of fog, he was satisfied with the work put in by the airlines.Airport sources said that the RVR system is likely to be in place by January. Once it happens, the main runway will be used for arrivals and the secondary one for departures. \"The time between arrivals and departures will have to be increased if this happens. The main and secondary runways are not parallel and their lines converge at some distance from the airport. In such a situation, we cannot have two operations simultaneously on both runways,\" said sources.The new and main runways are equipped with CAT-III which enables flights to land in visibility of up to 50m. The secondary runway has only CAT-I which allows arrivals in up to 550m visibility. For departures, a minimum visibility of 125m is needed and all the RVR does is indicate visibility at various points of the runway. A minimum of three such readings are needed to allow operations.Tuesday also saw only the main runway in operation as visibility on the new runway dropped to below 50m as early as 11.21pm on Monday. There were seven diversions through the day that included one international flight and six domestic ones. Delays resulted as a result to massive air traffic congestion and flights were operating one to four hours off schedule. \"The runway was closed between 11.21 pm and 7.30 am. Visibility on the main runway also fell below the required minima between 12.30 am and 2.30 am. Low visibility operations were carried out between 9.20 pm on Monday and 10.56 am on Tuesday. During this period 270 flights operated of which 30 were under CAT-IIIA conditions and 20 under CAT-IIIB,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761973", "title": "BMTC driver slits lover's throat, arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: A BMTC driver was caught when he was trying to escape from a lodge room in Doddaballapur in Bangalore Rural district on Monday evening. The man had slit the throat of his 30-year-old lover in the room earlier.Puttaraju, 35, checked in to room No. 102 of Sanchike Lodge after registering himself as a resident of BB Road, Yelahanka, at 11.30am along with a woman, identified as Shantha from Kamakshipalya.Around 4pm, the lodge staff heard cries for help from the room and alerted a policeman nearby. The policeman rushed to the lodge but Puttaraju had locked himself inside the room. More police personnel arrived and broke open the door only to find a woman lying naked on the bed with blood gushing out of her neck. Puttaraju was immediately arrested. The woman, Shantha, was dead.Police suspect that Shantha was raped before she was killed. Puttaraju has been in an affair with Shantha for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763720", "title": "Power poser for foreign operations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Power supply for international operations at Biju Patnaik Airport could fall short soon. Central Electricity Supply Utility (CESU) has provided 11KV connection against the requirement of 33KV for the new and old terminals.Only the new terminal can function with 11KV power supply. The airport requires 3,000KW to run the terminal. After modernization of the new terminal, electricity consumption will increase. \"Through 11KV, we will get 2,000KW of power, which will cater to the new terminal only. Since the power requirement will increase after the old terminal gets ready for international operations, we will require an additional 1,000KW. So with 3,000KW, the entire airport will get sufficient power supply,\" said Sudipta Ray, senior manager, electrical. He said the total electricity load of the new terminal is 1,600KW.CESU on December 20 charged the 11KV supply for the airport, as the proposal for it was pending for a long time. Three transformers of 250KW capacity each were installed. The airport authorities have provided land for setting up a dedicated sub-station for channeling 33KV power supply. But it is yet to be complete. \"As a temporary arrangement, we have charged the 11KV to meet the immediate requirement. Work for 33KV is going on in war footing and the conductor wires are being laid underground. It will take some more time,\" said S K Swain, the superintending engineer of CESU.The airport pays CESU about Rs 12 lakh for electricity consumption. After 33KV connection, the airport will have to pay about Rs 25 lakh. Besides, the airport has kept a diesel generator set ready, which can supply 750KW power to check interruption.This is an auto-mode synchronized set, which will supply only the required amount of power. \"Following modernization of the terminal, which has a centralized air conditioner, 67 CCTV cameras and lighting at parking, approach road, inside passenger lounge, aero bridge and other installations, power requirement has gone up. We will have to ensure uninterrupted power supply, said a senior airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17763881", "title": "Woman sends husband to jail", "text": "ROURKELA: A man, who had sent his wife to jail, alleging her of poisoning him about six months back, got the same treatment here on Monday after she brought allegations of torture against him.According to sources, Madhusudan Swain had married Ranjita Swain about 16 years ago. The couple has a 14-year-old daughter and an eight-year-old son. The husband and wife, according to neighbourers, have been at loggerheads for one reason or the other for last few years. Ranjita lodged a complaint in Raghunathpalli police station alleging that Madhusudan has been torturing her for last few days. Acting on the complaint, police arrested him and forwarded him to court. Madhusudan was sent of Rourkela special jail after his bail petition was rejected in a local court.Significantly, on April 27, Madhusudan had lodged a complaint with police alleging that she poisoned him in breakfast following which he turned serious and was admitted to Rourkela government hospital. Later, police arrested Ranjita and forwarded her to court. She was remanded in judicial custody after her bail plea was rejected. However, Madhusudan had a change of heart and arranged bail for Ranjita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762475", "title": "Diesel cars' dream run all but over", "text": "Chennai: Diesel's dream run in the Indian market appears to have come to an end. Auto financiers and car marketers say the rush for diesel cars has fizzled out and most diesel models are now off the waiting list and on to the discount heap. And, the confusion over the fuel policy has potential consumers worried that the government may slap a diesel tax or hike prices of diesel suddenly. That in turn has taken some sparkle off diesel vehicles.\"The new trend is that even diesel vehicles are not moving that fast and dealers of most diesel models are stuck with stocks,\" said Ashok Khanna, senior executive V-P and business head-auto loans, HDFC Bank. \"December is traditionally a dull month and this year has been slow till four-to-five days ago when the flows began to pick up speed. The footfall in dealerships are not going up as expected \u00e2\u20ac\u201d buyers seem to want to defer their purchase.\"Car marketers say the problem is that the fizzling of diesel demand has not led to a rise in demand for petrol vehicles either. \"Earlier all diesel vehicles had a waiting list but now most of them, except a few exceptions, are on discount and demand for diesel models is under a lot of stress,\" said Mayank Pareek, COO, marketing and sales, Maruti Suzuki. Reduction in the price gap between petrol and diesel has also taken some of the diesel lure away. \"At its peak, the diesel-petrol fuel price gap was around Rs 26,\" said Pareek. \"Now its down to Rs 20. Though diesel sales are still more than petrol, they are slowing down too and the numbers will start to show up by March,\" he added.Car marketers say uncertainty over the fuel policy has also shaken confidence of buyers. \"Diesel demand started to slip when its price went up by Rs 5 per litre,\" said P Balendran, spokesman, General Motors India. The slide is visible in GM's own best-selling Beat model, which is available in both petrol and diesel versions. \"Earlier the diesel-petrol ratio in Beat variant sales would be 85:15 but now it's 80:20 as diesel demand slips,\" said Balendran. That, he said, is also one of the reasons that has kept December demand lower than usual despite the discounts continuing since October. \"The uncertainty over the fuel policy has impacted buyer sentiment,\" he added. Otherwise a discount range of Rs 20,000-1.5 lakh across different segments would make this the best month to buy a car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761828", "title": "3 held in bid to bribe inspector", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) of the Mumbai police has arrested three men after they tried to bribe an Sewri inspector Anil Sardal.On December 4, the ACB along with the CBI caught the first accused, Habib Khan, allegedly trying to bribe inspector Anil Sardal of Sewri police station. Khan was produced in court the next day and remanded in judicial custody.\"Through Khan it was also learnt that he had bribed some Mumbai Port Trust BPT official to construct a godown that was mentioned in the FIR that was submitted in the Sessions Court (SC) on December 5,\" said ACB officials. Cops claimed that Khan had managed to construct illegal godowns on a 4,000 sq ft-plot that belonged to the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT). \"When Sardal learnt about it he informed MbPT officials about the illegal construction that has come up. However, the port trust took no action, instead the officials informed Khan that the Sewri police would take action against him,\" said a senior police officer.According to the FIR, Khan decided to approached Sardal and offered a bribe to nip any action in the bud. However, he was caught red-handed while trying to bribe the inspector. The involvement of an MbPT official in the case is also being probed.On May 4, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB laid a trap and arrested contract toNazeem Shaikh (34) and Farookh Shakur (45) of Sayyed Ali Miran Datar Dargah Trust at Reay Road for allegedly trying to bribe Sardal. The duo had offered the police inspector Rs 20,000 to falsely implicate trustees of the dargah in theft cases.ACB officials said Shaikh wanted to ensure that his firm, AK Shaikh and Co, did not lose the three decade-old contract it held with the trust. \"Shaikh's firm was given the contract of selling religious material like nada, goda, copper rings and kadas at the dargah. In return, Shaikh had to pay a royalty to the dargah trust. He offered the bribe so that the trustees get trapped and he does not lose the contract,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761094", "title": "Making a living playing Santa", "text": "BHOPAL: For these men living life on the edge, Christmas has brought some joy, at least momentarily. Making a living with petty menial jobs some of them have been mingling with the high and mighty during the last three days - even distributing gifts.Christmas has been merry for Pappu Verma, a room attendant at a city hotel. His story playing Santa Claus welcoming hotel guests, it is an opportunity for him to earn some extra bucks.\"As, I wore a Santa attire and mixed with the guests giving away gifts it gave me a good feeling. I think Santa has actually been kind and given a gift to me. Otherwise how is it possible for me to get so much attention\", Pappu said.\"It's a wonderful feeling. Not only people respect me today but I also get some extra money for it\".\"I stand at the entrance and welcome every visiting guest and hug them. It's really touching when they hug me with equal warmth. All of a sudden, you get lot of respect and attention.\"He added, \"Though its only for a day, even my boss didn't hesitate to hug me. I earn almost one-third of my monthly salary in just three days of playing Santa. This means big for me.\"Christmas has also given a reason to smile for vegetable vendor Shahid who welcomed guests at a city mall wearing a Santa attire. Adjusting his red conical Santa cap he said, \"They pay us Rs 900 for three days. It's a pretty good amount. Otherwise, it is hard time as I pull hand-cart selling vegetables all day and earning less than Rs 200.\"\"The best part of acting a Santa is that kids would touch my tummy and beard and would burst into laughter. Their laughter means a lot for me as I am being paid to make people happy.\"There are many more such 'Santas' in the state capital for whom donning red clothing get them some easy money on December 25.Harish played Santa at the Aishbagh stadium where the final match and concluding ceremony of the prestigious Obaidullah Khan Gold Cup Hockey tournament was held on Tuesday evening. In fact, he had supplied 4 more 'santas' for the show.\"Most of them are part time earners or jobless people. They earn their livelihood through playing drums and dholaks in marriage parties or serve as waiter.\"These 'Satnas' were also paid handsomely for doing their job for the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761996", "title": "Cricket curbs lead to traffic jams", "text": "BANGALORE: Police breathed a sigh of relief after the completion of the historic Indo-Pak T20cricket clash late on Tuesday night. But motorists and commuters travelling in the vicinity of the match venue, M Chinnaswamy Stadium, had a harrowing time as a maze of traffic curbs resulted in a crawl in the area through the day.It being Christmas, hundreds of the devout went to churches on MG Road, in Shivajinagar and Cubbon Park. But heavy security and traffic curbs in view of the sensitive nature of the match threw their plans awry. Vehicular movement around the Chinnaswamy stadium was reduced to a crawl as the day wore on with traffic jams, chaos and confusion reigning at major intersections.The Cubbon Road stretch adjoining the stadium was closed early in the afternoon forcing motorists moving between the eastern parts and southern localities to take a roundabout route through Infantry Road and KR Circle to reach their destinations.\"We had to get into the Cubbon Park to go to places like Vasant Nagar. These kinds of diversions are just wasteful exercises as it would only create inconvenience to the commuters. I was struck for about 20 minutes because of the chaos in front of the stadium,\" said Pavan DS, who works for a supply chain company on St Mark's Road.MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), said: \"Queens's Road has been closed for vehicular movement which is why all buses have to go through the Shivajinagar bus station causing a pile-up.\"Shahnawaz Khan walked with his wife who carried their baby all the way from Ghousia hospital to Bowring hospital, because of the huge queue of buses lined up to enter the Shivajinagar bus stand. \"My baby has high fever and he has been crying since morning, The buses are slowly inching forward. We didn't want to waste time. As we started to walk towards the hospital, I saw many traffic cops trying to manage the traffic flow but it is getting worse,\" he said.Towards evening, cricket fans trooped towards the stadium, leading to crowding on pavements. Occasionally the crowds spilled on to the roads leading to traffic jams. By evening, traffic began crawling on MG Road and Kasturba Road.\"I was struck on MG Road for more than two hours on Tuesday afternoon. Not only did I lose out my potential passengers but my earnings have hardly been substantial today as I wasn't able to pick up passengers from MG Road,\" said Md Zafar Husain, an auto driver who resides near Anepalya.Asked if he enjoyed watching cricket, Husain said though he liked cricket, he needed to be at work to feed his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17761447", "title": "CBI wants Apna Ghar case witness to depose during next hearing", "text": "ROHTAK: As the Apna Ghar sexual abuse case witness Munni is eager to stay at her native place in Assam , the CBI, which is investigating the case, wants her to depose before the court during the next hearing, before she leaves here to lead an independent life.Munni had fled from a Rohtak shelter home being run by Hariom Sewa Dal, where she was lodged for the last six months, on December 9 and was traced by Rohtak police in Kasaar district of Assam. She was brought back on Monday and has been sent to a shelter home.Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma told TOI that Munni was produced before the child welfare committee headed by Rothak deputy commissioner soon after her arrival. She had expressed her desire to live with a woman, Saijal, whom she referred to as her childhood friend and wanted to marry and settle down in life.\"Police have been cross checking the antecedents of the woman, who had accompanied Munni and would let her go after the verification. She is free to live as per her wishes,\" said the SSP.The SSP said that she had agreed to stay at Rohtak for around one week and has been sent to another shelter home of Jan Sewa Ashram.The SSP said that CBI officials had also interacted with the witness as she is a prime witness in the case being probed by the agency.CBI sources said that they wanted Munni to give a statement in the special court in Panchkula before she leaves back for Assam. The next date of hearing in the case is fixed for January 2 and CBI is likely to request the court to allow the witness to get her statement recorded in the court soon.On December 9, Munni, along with another girl Pooja, who is not an Apna Ghar inmate, had planned to escape from the shelter home and took away Rs 1,500 from the donation box to reach Assam. They boarded a train at Rohtak railway station early in the morning. Munni said that Pooja deboarded the train at Kanpur and that she did not have any knowledge about Pooja's whereabouts thereafter.The district administration had shifted Munni, along with several other women , from the infamous Apna Ghar shelter home, which was raided by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) on May 9 to expose the sexual and physical harassment of girl inmates there.The witness is also one of the many victims and had been a complainant in the case against the accused, who include Jaswanti Devi, her daughter Simmi, brother Jaswant Singh , son-in-law Jai Bhagwan , cousin Satish Kumar , cousin sister Sheila Devi, counsellor Veena Devi, retired sub-inspector Bhim Singh Ranga, Chand Singh and Pappu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761960", "title": "After quarrel, couple commits suicide by consuming cyanide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 39-year-old goldsmith and his wife committed suicide by consuming cyanide at their residence at Jawahar Nagar near Bharathi Park Second Cross in the city on Tuesday. Police claimed that the couple had fought with each other on Monday night and took the extreme step.The couple was identified as D Nandakumar and N Akilandeswari, 33. The couple was residing in a rented house at Jawahar Nagar. They had two children N Vimal, 13, and N Swetha, 12. The children are studying in class 8 and class 7 respectively in a private school at Saibaba Colony.Police said Nandakumar, a habitual drunkard, used to fight with his wife Akilandeswari. Recently, he had stopped consuming alcohol as he was planning to go to Sabarimala temple along with his son.On Monday night, however, Nandakumar came home in an inebriated state. A verbal quarrel arose between the couple and Akilandeswari's mother advised the couple not to fight. However, Nandakumar told her that he would commit suicide along with his wife.Around 10.30am on Tuesday, the couple again fought with each other and Nandakumar showed a cyanide packet to his son and told him that he is going to commit suicide.Immediately, Vimal rushed to his grandmother's house situated at nearby area. Meanwhile, the couple consumed cyanide and was found dead lying on the bed. Photograph of Nandakumar's father Durairaj was found near the pillow on the bed.Neighbours informed Saibaba Colony police station. Inspector R Srinivasalu and his team rushed to the spot and recovered the bodies and held inquiry with the family members.The bodies were sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem and later handed over to their relatives.\"Nandakumar's drinking habit created trouble in the family. The couple didn't have any other major problem in their life. Preliminary inquiry revealed that there was no foul play in the suicide and the detailed investigation is on,\" said inspector Srinivasalu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765951", "title": "Beckham, Pattinson among most stylish men 2012", "text": "The GQ magazine has revealed a list of \"most stylish men of 2012\" with actor Daniel Craig topping the list which also features footballer David Beckham.Actor Zac Efron is at number 2, Beckham came at number 3, musician Bruno Mars at four and actor Ewan McGregor is at number five.\"Twilight\" star Robert Pattinson was at sixth slot.Adam Levine and Armie Hammer were also among those acknowledged for their keen sense of style, reports eonline.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763323", "title": "Knowledge-hungry Gujarat to join hands with 77 varsities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Close to 77 universities from 25 countries will visit Gujarat to forge strategic partnerships with universities in the state. The universities will meet at the International Conference for Academic Institutions 2013, as part of the Vibrant Gujarat Investors' Summit, to promote research activities, faculty and student exchange, knowledge exchange and capacity building of the universities.Home to globally-renowned educational institutes like Indian Institute of Management, Indian Institute of Technology and National Institute of Design, Gujarat will draw global universities in January.University of London, Harvard Kennedy School, University of South Australia , University of Toronto, University of British Columbia, Association of African Universities, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology, University of Glasgow, University of Houston , University of South Carolina, George Washington University , University of Wollongong, University of Liverpool, Royal University of Bhutan, among others will visit the state for various initiatives.Dr Vedant Pandya, director (research and innovation), Knowledge Consortium of Gujarat, said, \"Besides exchange of knowledge, the conference will focus on making graduates in Gujarat job eligible and employable in the industry. The interaction with foreign universities will open up doors of skill development, internships, exchange of teaching and learning material and research among other possibilities.\"The Gujarat government has put preparation for the upcoming business summit on a fast track. The conference will be held on January 9 and 10, 2013.According to officials, the conference will focus more on sharing of ideas, promotion of innovation and research as compared to earlier summits, which focused on generating investments.About 50 educational collaborations were announced during the Vibrant Gujarat summit held in 2011. The state government, along with Tata Motors, identified and trained around 1,000 youngsters for the company's Nano car plant in Sanand.Universities like Stanford had signed collaborations with Ahmedabad University for faculty exchange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762560", "title": "Not sure who killed Tomar, police say", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Delhi Police added a section of murder to the existing FIR in the India Gate rioting case, following constable Subhas Tomar's death on Tuesday, they are not sure who killed him.Officials said some members of Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Admi Party (AAP) are under the scanner, however AAP contends none of the miscreants who pelted stones at police have been arrested. An AAP member, Chaman Lal, has allegedly been identified through video footage. But Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar remained non-committal, saying police are gathering evidence and it is too \"early to speak about the identity of the accused''.Police allege Tomar was trampled over by protesters at India Gate on Sunday. Eight people have been named in the FIR and charged with murder, rioting and destruction of public property, but Kumar said, \"At present, none of them are connected with the murder, per se''.The accused are named Shankar Bisht, Nand, Shantanu, Kailash Joshi , Amit Joshi, Abhishek, Nafees Ahmad and Chaman. They have been booked under sections 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) and 353 (assault or use of criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) of IPC. They were arrested and bailed out on Monday.Meanwhile, an accused in the bus gang rape case was remanded in 12 days' judicial custody on Tuesday. Mukesh, who was identified in a test identification parade (TIP), will be produced in court with the other accused on January 6. Another accused, Akshay Thakur, will undergo TIP on Wednesday. Police are also planning to carry out 'photo identification' of the accused by the victim to strengthen their case.What killed constable Tomar?Constable Tomar fell to the ground while controlling protesters. Was he pushed down or did he get a heart attack?Police informally say protesters stamped over him while fleeing the crackdown at India Gate. There's no confirmation of this.Police commissioner said according to preliminary postmortem findings, the constable had internal injuries in abdomen, chest and neck.Doctors at RML say Tomar had no external injuries or fractures. He had suffered cardiac arrest and was unconscious when brought to the hospital. He was treated for his heart condition.Only the postmortem report, when made public, will tell the real story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17761444", "title": "BJP should apologize to people over CD case, say new ministers", "text": "SHIMLA: A day after chief minister Virbhadra Singh was acquitted by a Shimla court in a corruption case, the newly appointed cabinet ministers have opened a front against the previous BJP government.In a statement issued in Shimla on Tuesday, the ministers, welcoming the judgment of the special court (forest) in the CD case, acquitting Virbhadra Singh and his wife Pratibha, said that truth has finally prevailed. The verdict has totally exposed the nefarious designs of the Prem Kumar Dhumal government, which was out and out trying to somehow implicate Virbhadra Singh in false cases, with ulterior political motives, they said.\"Virbhadra Singh himself offered to face the trial in the CD case when he had the option of moving the high court or Supreme Court and has come out clear and clean. The judgment of the special court has vindicated beyond doubt that the Dhumal government worked with vengeance and vendetta against Virbhadra Singh,\" the statement said.The ministers said that the BJP leaders were fearful of the immense popularity and mass acceptance of Virbhadra Singh and wanted to sideline him from the political scenario by foul and immoral means and had been fabricating false cases to achieve their selfish motives throughout their tenure. \"Dhumal and other BJP leaders owe an apology to Virbhadra Singh and to the people of the state for misleading them and depriving them of representation of the state in the Union cabinet earlier,\" they said.The statement said that as BJP leaders had been vocal in creating a hype in the media and public by publicizing the CD case, they should now show moral courage and tender public apology.The ministers said that AICC president Sonia Gandhi and the entire Congress leadership had reposed full faith in Virbhadra Singh as they were fully confident about his uprightness and entrusted him the responsibility of leading the party in the state.\"First, the people of the state gave a befitting reply to BJP by ousting it from power. Now, the judgment of the special court has come as a slap on the face of BJP leaders, who not only pursued a false case but also carried out a vicious and malicious propaganda in the media to tarnish the image of Virbhadra Singh,\" the statement observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763645", "title": "Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helpline draws a blank", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It might have been a belated move by the Delhi government to announce a three-digit helpline number (181) for women in distress in the national capital in the wake of the sensational gang rape incident. But Odisha police that had introduced a dedicated helpline number (1091) for women a few years ago has failed to cater to the needs of women here.The number flashed on the official website of Odisha police (www.orissapolice.nic.in) is not functioning, posing questions on the commitment of the law enforcing agency to protect the fair sex.\"Whenever you dial 1091 from any telecom network, be it landline or cell phone, the number is said to be incorrect. Police should not mislead women,\" said Sanjita Biswal, a social activist. \"If police cannot manage the helpline system or have already stopped the service, it should remove the number from its website,\" she said.When contacted, senior police officers feigned ignorance about the glitch. \"I do not know about it. I will look into the matter,\" DGP Prakash Mishra told TOI. Some police officers didn't seem to be aware that such a service exists at all. \"I do not know when the number was introduced. I only know about the number 100 on which we receive calls from people in distress, including women,\" said a police officer.At present there is only one functional exclusive helpline number for women in the city - 10920 - being operated by the State Commission for Women ( SCW) with the help of voluntary organization Ruchika Social Service Organisation. The number, which can be dialed from BSNL landline only, was introduced this August. \"We have received around 30 calls this month. Awareness programmes are being organised to circulate the number among people,\" said Swetalina Paikray, a member of the helpline team. Most of the calls received by the organization this month were related to missing women.Women, however, demanded the government floats a three-digit number like Delhi which can be remembered easily. \"Police and women and child development department should sit together and float a three-digit helpline number for women,\" said Sulochana Tripathy, a city resident. \"Instead of confining a helpline number to one or two cities, the government should make it operational at all places in the state,\" Tripathy said.DCP Nitinjeet Singh said police have already asked an advertising agency to put up women helpline number and police control room number 100 on hoardings at public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761396", "title": "'Weight' is off B Prakash's back", "text": "MUMBAI: The one big relief for any jockey, when he retires, is that he is no longer required to starve to keep his weight under check! Ace jockey for over a decade, B Prakash, who announced his retirement last Sunday, will readily second it. \"Yes, there will no more restrictions,\" said the 34-year-old, who now seeks to start another innings -- as a trainer.It was indeed his inability to keep the riding weight at an acceptable level that forced Prakash to give up his highly successful riding career. \"I could no longer give justice to my owners as due to weight problems, I could ride only a few horses which were at top weight,\" added Prakash.Former ace jockey Malesh Narredu, who too was forced to give up riding and turned to training in similar circumstances, concurs with Prakash. \"Maintaining weight is killing. I know how tough it must have been for Prakash,\" said the man who has become a prominent trainer in just over two years' time.Malesh also feels that Prakash can turn out to be a good trainer. \"Full credit to Prakash for what he has achieved. Winning more than 2000 races is no mean task. I don't think any Indian jockey has done that. He knows horses and that is what will help him greatly as a trainer,\" observed Malesh.Prakash has already got backing from Khushroo Dhunjibhoy, one of the leading horse owners in the country for whom Prakash was riding. \"I know he is honest. I intend to give him good horses as quality horses are what a trainer needs,\" said Dhunjibhoy, who recently became the new chairman of Royal Western India Turf Club.Prakash's riding impressed top owners like MAM Ramaswmy, for whom he rode for many years, to Richard Hughes , one of the leading jockeys in the world. \"He was a super cool jockey,\" said Hughes. \"It was always very competitive riding alongside him,\" added the Irishman.Prakash, son of former jockey PS Bhonsale, learnt the basics from great tutor Jimmy Bharucha at the Amateur Riders' Club's riding school in the 90s before securing a license to ride at Mumbai in 1995. In his two-decade career, Prakash won over 2000 wins apart from winning over 100 Classics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765782", "title": "Won't watch 'Django Unchained': Spike Lee", "text": "Filmmaker Spike Lee says he won't watch director Quentin Tarantino's next film \"Django Unchained\" as it is disrespectful to his ancestors.\"Django Unchained\" is a western film based on how a South American slave and bounty hunter travel together to kill their enemy. But the Lee says it has offended him.\"I can't speak on it because I am not going to see it ... All I am going to say is that it's disrespectful to my ancestors. That's just me ... I'm not speaking on behalf of anybody else,\" Vibe magazine quoted Lee as saying.Later, the filmmaker wrote on Twitter: \"American slavery was not a Sergio Leone spaghetti western. It was a holocaust. My ancestors are slaves. Stolen from Africa. I will honour them.\"The movie stars Jamie Foxx , Leonardo DiCaprio and Christoph Waltz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766841", "title": "Old music could end violence: Ameen Sayani", "text": "Yesteryear's radio anchor Ameen Sayani, who became famous for presenting the Binaca Geetmala from 1952 to 1994, believes the music of his era could infuse love in people, eliminating violence and hatred in today's world.\"What is happening today? Why anger, fights, hatred, rape, why? If the music of the golden period, which was in such simple language that everyone could understand it, if that music was still alive today and grew, I am confident that these fights and anger would not happen,\" the 80-year-old said here Tuesday at the Mohd. Rafi award ceremony.\"It would have infused love and we all would live in harmony, respect others and live our lives peacefully,\" he added.Sayani and the late composer Naushad Ali were honoured here at the event held to commemorate late singer Rafi's 88th birth anniversary.The music of golden era touched hearts, feels Sayani.\"It is important that that kind of music stayed alive. It started changing in the 80s, some weird kind of a music started. I wouldn't say that the music started deteriorating, as youngsters liked it. But like Naushad said, the music of that era touched your hearts, today's music only touches your body,\" Sayani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762369", "title": "Rash driver to donate blankets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A small-time businessman who was injured by a rashly driven car, has agreed to settle the case before a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal on the condition that the accused donate 400 blankets to the poor at a place of his choice.The victim, Devender Gupta, informed the tribunal's presiding officer Ankit Singla that he will forgive the accused if she agrees to fulfil his demand of distributing blankets to the poor. \"The complainant (Gupta) submits that he can settle the matter with the accused (Ruchi Ahuja) if she donates 400 blankets to poor people. Accused agreed. In such circumstances, both the parties are directed to appear before the court on February 16,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rajgir", "code": "17763487", "title": "Rajgir all set to get new ropeway", "text": "RAJGIR: Bihar state tourism department will soon replace the ropeway at Rajgir as the present one has almost completed its life, said managing director (MD), Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC), Awadesh Kumar here on Sunday.He also said there will be different counters for tickets and the groundwork has been completed. Talking to TOI he said the present ropeway, which was started in 1969 has outlived its life and within three years it will be replaced with a more comfortable ropeway, for which a detailed project report (DPR) has been prepared. He added that flow of both domestic and foreign tourists is on rise and it is the right time to take action and improve the infrastructure so as to keep up with the tourist flow.While inspecting the preparation of the forthcoming three-day Rajgir festival, to be opened by chief minister Nitish Kumar on December 28, and the renovation work at the ropeway site, the MD said the department wants to start work on the new ropeway as early as possible but it has to obtain a go-ahead certificate from different ministries including forest, environment etc.The MD said the new ropeway will be constructed at a cost of Rs 12.5 crore and work has been allotted to RITES which has experience and expertise in building ropeways. He added the ticketing and other functions related to the ropeway will be uploaded on the website and one can have the latest status sitting in Patna or elsewhere which will improve the functioning. He added the department is also planning to start ropeways at Mandar Hills, Rohtashgarh Fort and Mundeshwari Temple as well.He expressed satisfaction over the preparation for the forthcoming Rajgir festival and said preparations at the convention center, where CM will inaugurate the festival and the Qila Maidan, where the main function will take place is going on in full swing. He said, both the venues will be ready by December 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763533", "title": "Boys not behaving? This helpline helps", "text": "PATNA: God helps those who help themselves, they say. But in Patna, the city cops also seem ready to help those girls who are ready to help themselves. They are just a call away. Ring Helpline number 9470001390, in case you are in trouble.The Mahila Thana's claim came true on Monday night when two 'dabang' (gutsy) girls of the city went to watch the movie 'Dabangg 2' in the night show and they encountered a group of hooligans who had started passing vulgar remarks after almost every scene in the film. Instead of getting scared, the girls called the helpline number and the five guys were taken to Patliputra police station where they had to cool their heels overnight only to be released on Tuesday after signing personal bonds.As it happened, Naina and Anandi (name changed) could not find time to watch the movie in daytime due to their busy schedule. \"We went for the 8.45pm show believing that the crowd would be better than in other city cinema halls,\" said Anandi.\"We preferred two corner seats in the second row from the top. It was a group of five young boys who were seated in the last row. As soon as the show began, they started changing their seats and moving near us because some other seats were vacant,\" recounted Anandi.\"It became intolerable as they kept on shouting whenever any romantic scene appeared on the screen and it was impossible to hear even the dialogues,\" Naina said.\"Initially, we had some heated arguments with the guys but they were so shameless that our words only humoured them. They started passing vulgar comments and even pushing our seats from the back,\" said Anandi.\"That made us bold and headstrong. Had it been any other girls they would have changed their seats. But we decided to take them head-on. I had the helpline number of Patna Mahila police station saved in my mobile phone. I simply sent a message to the helpline number mentioning our exact location, seat number and the problem. At that time I had no idea that it would work wonders,\" said Naina, adding, \"A lady called me to confirm the complaint and within 15 minutes, cops from Patliputra police station, including its SHO P Bharti, reached the spot. He asked the boys about their misdemeanour but they simply refuted the allegation.\"Anandi said, \"Naina went out of the auditorium and talked to the SHO who patiently listened to her and took out the hooligans. We both identified them but, instead of fearing the cops, they started arguing with us. We wondered how these guys could dare confront us in front of the cops!\"At around 11.30pm I got another call from the Mahila police station SHO, Mridula Kumari. She thanked us and said, \"Itna information hi koi humlogo ko nahin dete hain.\"Helpline number - 9470001390", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766736", "title": "Miley Cyrus goes for drive with sex doll", "text": "Miley Cyrus , who is continuing with her mission to get raunchy day by day, shared a snap of her new friend with her fans - a sex doll.The singer tweeted a picture of herself giving thumbs up and mimicking the winking blow up doll with the caption \"Does this count for the carpool lane? Such a nice Xmas gift,\" the Mirror reported.She then tweeted \"I love waking up to a beautiful girl in my arms ;)\" while referring to one of her many doggies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762427", "title": "Fog hits train schedules", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Train services were again disrupted because of dense fog in north India on Tuesday. The arrival of all long-distance express trains coming to the city was delayed by several hours, some even for around 24 hours. Not only did passengers suffer because of the delay, but their near dear ones who had come to pick them up from the railway station were also inconvenienced.The Howrah Kalka Express was delayed by 24 hours. It was supposed to reach the local railway station on at 3.5am on Monday morning but it reached here only at 2.35am on Tuesday morning. Similar was the case of Unchahar Express coming from Allahabad. It was scheduled to arrive at 9.25am on Monday but it only reached the local railway station at 7.40am on Tuesday. The train was running over 22 hours behind schedule. The Sadbhavana Express coming from Lucknow was delayed by four hours. The train's actual arrival time is 10am but it reached here at 1.55pm on Tuesday.The Himalyan Queen from Delhi was delayed by almost two-and-a-half hours as it reached in the afternoon at 12.55 pm against its scheduled time of 10.25am.Passengers travelling by the Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi too didn't have it any better as it was delayed by two-and-a-half hours. Its scheduled time of arrival was 11.05am but it reached here at 1.40pm. Vinay Shukla, a resident of Sector 21, who had to pick up his grandfather travelling in the Howrah Kalka Express said he reached the station on time but on reaching there he got to know that train was delayed, so he had to return home. \"Next time, I'll rather take a taxi because even if the taxi goes at a slow speed, then too it will reach here before the train, as this train gets too delayed,\" said Jagmohan Sharma, a Sector 8 resident, who was on board the Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761136", "title": "Minor raped in Nagin Nagar; accused arrested", "text": "INDORE: A teenager was raped by her neighbour in Nagin Nagar area of the city, even as a nationwide outrage over rapes is on. The incident that took place on Sunday night was reported on Tuesday after the victim informed her parents about it.Police said that the victim, a 16-year-old resides along with her other family members in a rented house in Nagin Nagar. The accused, Mateen, too stays in the same building with his family members.Mateen had an eye on the girl whom he called through his sister-in-law Shabnam on Sunday night on the pretext of getting her a job as a domestic help. Shabnam took her to a house at Vartman Power House and asked the girl to talk to the house owners. However, once she went in she found out that there was no one present inside except Mateen.Mateen allegedly locked the door and raped the girl. Subsequently, he threatened her not to disclose anyone about the incident. The girl returned home but did not report the incident.However, when she fell ill the next day she conveyed it to her family members. Subsequently, her family members reached the Chandan Nagar police station and lodged a complaint.The accused Mateen has been arrested, and the police have booked both the accused under section 376 of IPC and other sections of SC/ST Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762438", "title": "Rock band kicks off New Year jamboree", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The week-long \"New Year extravaganza\" kicked off at Sector 17 Piaaza with lots of colourful celebrations, music and dance on Tuesday. As it was Christmas, the mulling crowd thronged the place to be a part of the merriment, organized by the department of tourism, Chandigarh administration, CITCO and business promotion council .The rock band \"Sounds of Heaven\" gave a scintillating performance and thrilled the audience with its melody. Kheindorr and Randeep Mathews, vocalist of the band, enthralled people with Christmas carols. Gaurav Sharma on guitar, Bansiew Dorr on drums and Arshdeeop Mathews on key board were huge crowd-pullers. The band's music reverberated through the ambience. The children had a gala time in the evening when Santa Claus distributed sweets among kids. They flocked to a 30-feet-tall Xmas tree. \"Sounds of Heaven\" is a Christian band which was formed by Pastor Randeep Mathews in 2007.The band performed rock numbers \"I am free\", \"Breakfree\" and \"My future decided\" followed by Hindi rock songs like \"Yeshu tera naam\", \"Hallelujah\" and \"Deewane hum\". The band also sang self-composed songs.The Sector 17 piaaza was illuminated with electric stars, trees were decked up and showrooms had special decorations. On December 26, \"The Local Train\", a renowned band, will perform and it will be followed by performance by Bhotu Shah at 6pm at the piaaza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17761026", "title": "More posts, better rural hospitals needed", "text": "Freeing doctors willing to work in rural areas from bond money may make more of them opt for village service. But, experts say, it would hardly make health services in rural areas better. The real problem is there are no posts in government health set up and it is also badly equipped. Government will have to create more posts for these doctors in villages and smaller towns and equip rural hospital so that they are able to deliver.Experts also ask about 1000 medical post graduates generated annually. They have a bond of Rs50 lakh for a one year mandatory service in rural areas but get an easy way out as government is unable to absorb them. \"Instead of dealing with the issue seriously and developing a comprehensive policy on bond for both MBBS, MD and DM students, government taking easy way out. In Mumbai case, a DM did not want to go to rural areas and government easily accepted that. Do rural people do not have a right to specialized treatment? Are lives of rural people cheaper,\" questioned Dr P G Dixit, deputy dean and president of Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association, GMCH branch.In the present situation, government does not regularize medical officers on the pretext that there should be enough vacancies for next batch of bonded candidates. It also does not promote specialization in rural set up apparently due to non-availability of enough patients. \"Doctors from very few specialities like gynaecology, paediatrics, radiology, orthopaedics are needed in rural hospitals. You can't expect neurosurgeons or cancer surgeons there,\" said a senior GMCH doctor.He too admits, however, that government has been playing with careers of both MOs and PGs as they are never regularized on the posts. MOs are shunted out every year to make way for fresh batch. PGs who opt for lecturer's job after completing rural posting get only a 11-month contract. Government is unwilling to create new posts and infrastructure in health sector, like good accommodation and schools for children of doctors. \"There is no dearth of money in health department. DMs and MDs in rural and district hospitals can easily be paid good salaries. They would prefer to work there instead of paying Rs50 lakh bond money,\" said a senior health official.\"There are enough rural patients needing specialized doctors. But because the PGs, most of whom are products of private colleges and are wards of either doctors or politicians, are not ready to work in rural areas government has come up with a funny solution of making them bond-free,\" said Dr Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766791", "title": "Padma Lakshmi scared by 'Knick-Bull' brawl", "text": "Padma Lakshmi reportedly got frightened as Knicks and Bulls began fighting during a match at MSG on Friday.According to a source the 'Top Chef' was spotted wearing tight jeans, a long-sleeve shirt and a leather jacket, escorted by a male friend, the New York daily reported.As the game proceeded, Knick guard Jason Kidd dove into the crowd after a loose ball, almost hitting Lakshmi.Kidd reportedly made sure everyone was OK and also apologized.With less than five minutes left in the game and the Knicks behind, centers Tyson Chandler and Joakim Noah got tangled in an argument.The source asserted that they were pushing and shoving and came very close to Lakshmi, after which she moved away from her seat in fear.She watched the rest of the game without any worries, after calm was restored.Other celebrities spotted courtside were Billy Crudup , Patrick Ewing , Anthony Mason , Carl Banks , Spike Lee , Leesa Rowland and Dr. Shawn Sadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752663", "title": "'Ishkq In Paris' director undergoes successful cancer surgery", "text": "Preity Zinta's Ishkq In Paris director Prem Raj who was detected with cancer, has undergone a successful surgery in London.Prem flew to London earlier this month with his mother and immediate family.After the surgery bright cheer and optimistic, Prem texted to this writer, \"The treatment is going successfully. By God's grace I am out of cancer. I am looking forward to life now.\"Preity, one hears, has been constantly monitoring her director's progress report. Their film Ishkq In Paris would now release after Prem returns to India, hopefully towards the end of January.Isabelle Adjani who plays a pivotal role is expected to join Preity and Prem in Mumbai for a renewed round of marketing activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17760820", "title": "Pakistan begin their India tour with a win", "text": "BANGALORE: A dream debut by Bhuvneshwar Kumar, who bagged three for nine from his four overs, wasn't enough to stop Pakistan from running away with the T20I game at the Chinnaswamy Stadium on Tuesday night.Scorecard | Match in PicsRocked by the 22-year-old seamer in their chase of India's modest 133 for 9, Pakistan found their heroes in skipper Mohd Hafeez and Shoaib Malik as they sealed the tie in the final over, with two balls and as many five wickets in reserve.India's gamble of playing the game without any frontline spinner -- offie R Ashwin and leggie Piyush Chawla were left out -- seemed to be paying off when 22-year-old Bhuvneshwar, a workhorse for Uttar Pradesh in domestic cricket, ripped through the Pakistan top-order with some high quality swing and seam bowling. But, from 12 for 3 at the end of the third over, Pakistan known to be vulnerable when chasing small totals, turned it around for the second time in the game to complete a famous win and silence the near full house.There was some drama towards the end, which started with the dismissal of Hafeez (61, 44b, 6x4, 2x6) after a brilliant 106-run fourth-wicket stand, but a calm and composed Malik (57 not out, 50b, 3x4, 3x6) brought off his third six when six runs were needed off the final three deliveries to ensure a winning start to their India tour. Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni had exhausted his fast bowling options by the time the final over came about and Ravinder Jadeja's spin was always unlikely to prevent the 10 runs required at that stage.Pakistan's bowlers had earlier brought them back into the game after the Indian openers Gautam Gambhir and Ajinkya Rahane had laid a solid base with a 65-ball, 77-run stand. India had been put into bat by Hafeez and for a while an initially edgy Gambhir (43, 41b, 2x4, 1x6) and a mostly fluent Rahane (42, 31b, 5x4, 1x6) looked to prove that the decision was wrong. But what Bhuvneshwar did first up when he opened India's bowling, the Pakistani bowlers did as a unit, halfway into the Indian innings.A mere 56 runs were added in the second half as Pakistan, with three seamers and three spinners in their armoury, made their way back into the game in style. That the fielders backed them by taking all the catches on offer while also affecting the run out of Gambhir, played its part in helping the Pakistan cause.A second run out, this time a direct hit catching Rohit Sharma short, was an indicator that it was to be Pakistan's night out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17761467", "title": "3 die in accident as fog affects life, disrupts traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heavy fog affected normal life and brought air, rail and road traffic to a halt in the morning hours in most parts of Punjab and Haryana on Tuesday even as three persons lost their lives in an accident caused by low visibility on Delhi-Rewari road.All flights from Chandigarh airport were cancelled and many flights were delayed at the Amritsar international airport.The dense fog also delayed almost all trains reaching Chandigarh railway station. According to railway officials, trains reaching Chandigarh from Delhi, Bathinda and Kanpur, were running behind schedule by many hours.Meanwhile, three persons died in a road accident on Delhi-Rewari road near Junawas village on Tuesday morning as an auto rickshaw and mini bus collided owing to low visibility caused by dense fog. Three of the auto travellers died and some others suffered injuries, officials said.In Himachal, much to the disappointment of tourists, dry weather conditions prevailed across the state.With minimum temperature of minus 7.1 degrees Celsius, Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district in Himachal Pradesh remained coldest while Una town remained the hottest with maximum temperature of 23 degrees Celsius.Met officials said that mid and high hills of the state would receive rain or snow at isolated places on Thursday.Shimla on Tuesday recorded minimum temperature of 5 degrees Celsius while maximum temperature here remained 16.4 degrees Celsius. Dharamshala recorded minimum temperature of 7.4 degree Celsius and maximum temperature of 17.4 degree Celsius. Tourist town of Manali recorded minimum temperature of minus 0.2 degree Celsius and maximum temperature of 14.2 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "17763709", "title": "4 die of cold in Madhepura district", "text": "MADHEPURA: Severe cold wave conditions sweeping through the Madhepura district has claimed four lives besides throwing normal life in disarray. A 70-year old Sheikh Riyasat died of severe cold at Gulabtola under Jauteli panchayat in Uda-Kishunganj block, while 55-year old Mangal Kamat also lost his life due to severe cold wave conditions at Shahzadpur panchayat in Madhepura district during the last two days.Two daughters of Shukal Kamat, aged three-years and eight years, also succumbed to unbearable cold in the same Shahzadpur panchayat in Uda-Kishunganj block in the district on Sunday and Monday, according to mukhiya Ramavtar Sharma, who claimed he had passed on the information to the block development officer.Denying that the minor girls had died of cold, Madhepura SDO Sanjay Kumar Nirala said they had probably died due to some mysterious disease. The block officials were sent to verify all this, he added.The sweeping icy wind has thrown life into disarray and people prefer to rush home and snuggle under the warmth of blanket or quilt. Few men and women could be seen roaming around the markets once dusk falls. The nights are blindingly foggy and bone-chilling cold does not allow people to come out of their homes till late in the morning, said the residents.\"Icy winds have hit normal activities,'' said the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765910", "title": "Pratighaat to depict power of woman", "text": "After observing the increasing amount of crime and corruption, director Anand Gahatraj has decided to make a movie highlighting the same. The movie is titled 'Pratighaat'. The movie will basically show the plight and power of a woman in society.Akshara Singh will be playing lead role in the movie. Neeraj Yadav, Shubham Tiwari, Haider Qazmi, Bipin Singh are the other stars in the movie. The film will go on floors soon.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763238", "title": "Kankaria carnival kicks off", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The third toy train, a butterfly park and the rock show by students are the added attraction of the annual Kankaria Carnival this year.The seven-day carnival kicked off on Tuesday evening amid fanfare and fireworks. More than one lakh visitors thronged the renovated lakefront to be part of the revelry.Apart from the routine ones, there are activities like parasailing, jet skiing, zipping, rock climbing and others for the visitors. The AMC decided to chug off the third Atal Express looking at the good response to the other two toy trains.Hours before chief minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the carninal, people in large number thronged the lake. For many, it has become an annual ritual to visit the lakefront during the carnival. \"Carnivals are always fun to be at as so much activity such as dance and drama, adventure and water sports and laser shows and firework can be experienced at a single venue. My family was part of all four earlier carnivals and we've seen the lakefront getting developed in front of our eyes. Today, it is one tourist destination that we never fail to mention to our guests,\" said Shenal Patel a resident Ankur.Similarly Sheila Shah who regularly comes for the carnivals says, \"My mother is seventy years old but she was so curious about the train that she insisted that she wanted to ride on it so I have got her here.\" Shah mother could hardly walk and was moving in the wheel chair. Two people were required to make her take a seat in the train, but she did enjoy the ride.The new feature this time is the rock show this time. The show will be performed by students of city schools, colleges and private institutes.\"While the lake attracts more than 7,000 visitors on a routine basis, the carnival is always special as the footfall rises up to over one lakh during these seven days. Thus, we've taken care to make the venue fit to its glory,\" said a senior AMC official.\"We were all engaged in adventure sports and other activities and we suddenly heard loud drums being played. It was the Carnival Parade that was coming in. All were excited and curious to see what happened\", said Rashid Shaikh. The incoming of the Parade literally grabbed everybody's attention. The entire area was reverberating with the traditional beats of 'dhol'.Kankaria is kids' capital: ModiAhmedabad: In his first public appearance after assembly polls, chief minister Narendra Modi thanked the people of the state for electing BJP to power once again. He said that in all development work to the tune of Rs 125 crore has been initiated at Kankaria. He said the Kankaria lake zone is shaping out to be the kids' capital. He laid foundation stones for several projects on Tuesday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17761124", "title": "Valley seeks measures to prevent \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrape\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 by forces", "text": "SRINAGAR: Hundreds of people have been taking to streets in the Valley to express solidarity with protesters in New Delhi seeking justice for the 23-year-old student gang-raped last week.One of the protesters at a rally in Srinagar's central square of Lal Chowk on Monday said they want stringent measures to prevent crimes against women and justice for hundreds of women allegedly raped by security forces during two decades of insurgency.\"Who else than the people of Shopian (in south Kashmir) could feel this pain the people of Delhi are feeling? Our demand is that strict punishment should be awarded to these rapists, they should be immediately hanged. We fully support the protesters in Delhi,'' said Mohammad Shafi Khan, a local resident while referring to two Shopian women, who were alleged to have been raped and murdered in 2009.But a CBI inquiry ruled out rape and said the two had drowned in a shallow stream. But rights groups rejected the report, saying the CBI had done so to protect cops accused in the case.Another protester, who took part in a procession in Shopian to express solidarity with the Delhi gang-rape victim, echoed Khan. \"We are feeling the pain of the rape victim in Delhi as same tragedy took place with us in 2009, when two women, Aasiya and Nelofar, were raped and then murdered.''Khan said New Delhi should also punish those people who have committed alleged mass rapes like the one in Kunan-Poshpora in 1991.On October 19 last year, a State Human Rights Commission division bench had asked the government to constitute a Special Investigation Team to investigate the alleged mass rape of at least 30 women in Kunan and Poshpora villages of north Kashmir's Kupwara district. Soldiers from the Army's 4 Rajputana Rifles allegedly gang-raped the women in February 1991.\"SIT should be headed by an officer not below the rank of Superintendent of Police,\" the bench had recommended.The protesters in Srinagar demanded immediate action on the commission's recommendations.Protests in solidarity with the Delhi rape victim were also reported from Jammu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17763301", "title": "City group to assist parents in getting free admission", "text": "VADODARA: City-based social organization - Yugshakti - has taken the initiative of ensuring free admission of children belonging to disadvantaged groups in schools.The organisation has started a 24 hours helpline to assist parents and wards of the disadvantaged groups who seek admission in schools as per Gujarat government's recent notification.\"The notification issued under the Gujarat Government Gazette on February 18, 2012 makes it mandatory for all schools to admit at least 25 percent of the total strength from children belonging to weaker sections including SC, ST, OBC and BPL card holders at the entry point - either standard one or from the pre-school level,\" chairman of Yugshakti and chairman of the standing committee of Vadodara Municipal Corporation Dr Vijay Shah said while addressing media persons here on Tuesday.Shah said that to ensure that such children are not denied their right Yugshakti will provide all the legal as well as moral assistance to parents through its helpline - 664444.Gujarat government's notification is based on the guidelines of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act 2009 which provides that children belonging to disadvantaged groups from the neighbourhood should be provided free and compulsory education till completion of elementary education by schools.This notification will come into affect from academic year 2013-2014.\"Every year, there are 30,000 children in the city who take admission in first year. This means that going by the notification, 8,000 children from the city should get the benefit of free education be it grant-in-aid, unaided or private schools,\" said Shah, adding that the organization is creating awareness now so that school managements later do not deny admission to such children.--", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761734", "title": "Another man from MP held in Mecca Masjid blast case", "text": "HYDERABAD: There were three persons and not two who reportedly planted bombs on the premises of the Mecca Masjid in 2007, which resulted in the death of nine persons. Rajender Chaudhary, an accused in the blast case and who was recently arrested in Ujjain, confessed this to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths following which the third person, one Tejram, a right-wing activist, was nabbed near Deepalpur court in Indore on Monday.NIA sources told TOI that it has now become clear that 25-year-old Tejram, Rajender and the absconding Amit had planted bombs on Mecca Masjid premises in 2007. \"It was found that Tejram, Rajender and Amit, all from Madhya Pradesh, follow the same ideology and are affiliated to a right-wing organisation. At this point of time, it is too early to disclose the organisation's name. These persons are active members of the organisation's Indore unit. All the three planted the bombs themselves at Mecca Masjid,'' a senior official said.On Monday afternoon, two NIA officials went to a local court in Deepalpur, where Tejram was sighted. He was reportedly forced into a car and taken away by the NIA team. The worried family members of Tejram and locals, who were completely taken aback by the development, thought that he was abducted and lodged a missing complaint with the local police station. After several hours, the family members came to know that NIA had picked him up from the court premises.Rajender is currently in the custody of NIA and the agency's investigators have been grilling him about his handlers besides finding out about those involved in the larger conspiracy, since blasts on Samjautha Express, Ajmer Dargah, Mecca Masjid and a few other places are interlinked.It is learnt that Tejram might be produced before the Nampally criminal court on Wednesday, but officials are tight-lipped about the developments. Incidentally, all the key accused involved in planting the Mecca Masjid bombs turned out to be persons hailing from Madhya Pradesh, especially from places near Indore and Ujjain. NIA officials suspect that the absconding Amit might also be taking shelter in these two places.\"Investigation so far has revealed that they had undergone training at a jungle near Bagli (Dewas district) in Madhya Pradesh in 2006. After planting the bombs, they returned to Indore via Jaipur. It also came to light that Sandeep Dange, one of the accused named in the chargesheet, had played a crucial role in planning and dispatching the trio to Hyderabad,'' the NIA officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761829", "title": "Brahmins to fight for reservations", "text": "MYSORE: Vipra Sahaya Vedike-sponsored Brahmins' meet on Monday resolved to demand reservation in government jobs and educational institutions under Article 46 of the Indian constitution. Article 46 envisages reservations for various classes which are socially forward but economically weak.It also urged the government to establish a corporation exclusively to help poor Brahmins who are in need of financial help to indulge in various avocations and traditions.Former chief minister and KJP president B S Yeddyurappa, who attended the meet, said that he, as a chief minister, had introduced various schemes and released funds for Brahmins. \"But I'm shocked to hear that almost all the schemes have come to a stand still after my exit from the scene,\" he claimed.Educationist H V Rajiv, industrialist R Guru and Congress leader Mohan Kumar supported the resolution for reservations for Brahmins in jobs and facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17763332", "title": "Sitanshu Mehta honoured", "text": "VADODARA: Gujarat's eminent litterateur Sitanshu Yashashchandra Mehta will be conferred the 'Kusumagraj National Award for 2012'.Maharashtra-based Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University, Nashik, had nominated Mehta for the national award, which is conferred in the memory of Dnyanpeeth awardee and distinguished poet late V V Shirwadkar alias Kusumagraj.Mehta, the Padmashri awardee, has been selected for the award for his contribution in the Indian literature in Gujarati language.Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University had established the Kusumagraj Chair in 2002 to honour Kusumagraj's contribution to the gamut of Indian literature. Later in 2009, the university instituted the national award comprising of Rs one lakh and a memento which is conferred to eminent litterateurs of the country.Since its inception, the national award has been conferred to noted poet and writer in Kanada language Jayant Kaikini (2009), eminent poet and writer in Hindi Chandrakant Deotale (2010) and poet and writer in Malayalam K Sacchidanandan (2011). It is worth mentioning here that only recently Mehta, former vice-chancellor of Saurashtra University, was nominated to the general council of Sahitya Akademi - the National Academy of Letters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17762239", "title": "Coal-laden bogies overturn in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Fifteen bogies of a freight train loaded with coal overturned in Debipur railway station after the train hit a pole around 12.40pm on Tuesday. There was no casualty in the accident, but train services remained disrupted for major part of the day. According to a senior railways official, services will become normal by Wednesday evening.The guard of the Bandel-bound freight train got injured in the accident. He was released from the railways hospital later in the day after preliminary medication.The dislodged bogies fell both on the Up and the Down tracks, thus disrupting train movements. Around 150 metre of the Up line and 200 metre of the Down line were damaged in the accident. It also left the electric poles and snapped overhead wires. Howrah DRM Anirban Das and other top officials rushed to the spot immediately to take stock of the situation.Eastern Railway CPRO Samir Goswami said that repairing works had already been started. \"Two cranes have been rushed from Asansol and Howrah. The situation is likely to become normal by Wednesday evening,\" he said. Long-distance trains have been diverted via the chord line and North Bengal-bound trains via Katwa, he added.According a senior railway official, a major accident had been averted as a train was supposed to pass through the Up line immediately after the accident. \"But the train was detained at Baichi station,\" he added. Only a few days ago, a freight train had overturned near Andal station. It had taken more than a day to restore normalcy. Passengers feel it is high time the railways has a separate freight corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762727", "title": "Lack of LGP cylinders plays spoilsport this festive season", "text": "GURGAON: This festive season, shortage of LPG cylinders in the kitchen is playing spoilsport for the residents, with consumers forced to wait for 10 to 12 days for the delivery of new cylinders. This, in turn, has given rise to a very profit-making business avenue for the black-marketers, who are selling the gas cylinder three times the subsidized price.Ankita Sharma, a resident of Sector 56, said it being a festive season and winter vacation at same time, there are a lot of guests in her house, but shortage of LPG is making it difficult for them to enjoy the vacation. \"It's very difficult to get a refilled gas cylinder in time, I had to wait for over a week and make several calls to agency before it was finally delivered,\" she said.On the issue of black-marketeering, Sharma said last time she had to shell out around Rs 1,000 for a cylinder, which otherwise costs Rs 416. \"I was forced to purchase the cylinder in black as the agency owner clearly refused to deliver a cylinder within two days,\" she said.Anjali Singh, another local resident, said, \"It seems district supply authorities have their eyes closed and are unwilling to take up the issue of black-marketeering so as to ensure timely delivery to genuine consumers.\"A dealer from an HP gas agency said \"There is shortage of cylinders during winters as delivery of cylinders to agency is delayed, and therefore, delivery to consumers is behind the scheduled time.\"The dealer added that the situation is improving and soon consumers would get the delivery within two to three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17760896", "title": "145 would have been safe: MS Dhoni", "text": "BANGALORE: India skipper MS Dhoni blamed a less-than-par total for the defeat against Pakistan in the T20I on Tuesday.\"If we would have got more runs. We got a good start, fantastic effort by the openers but we kept losing wickets after that. 145 would have been a safe score,\" Dhoni said after the match.When asked why didn't he keep a pacer to bowl the final over, Dhoni said, \"That gamble was done three or four overs before that. At that time, Pakistan were scoring at a high pace, we had to take that gamble.\"Pakistan captain Mohammad Hafeez, also the Man of the Match, was elated with the team's effort. \"It's a great effort, we wanted to do well at the start of the series. Irfan was the surprise package for us and everybody. We knew that we had a good attack. The bowlers restricted India where we wanted them to. \"Shoaib Malik, who hit the winning six, remarked, \"We were struggling when the debutant bowler, I don't remember his name, took those early wickets.\"When told one member of his family (wife Sania Mirza) won't be happy, he chuckled, \"I scored runs. Everyone will be happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761646", "title": "Police fabricating evidence against AAP members: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar's death as \"unfortunate\", Aam Aadmi Party on Tuesday accused the police of fabricating evidence and rumour-mongering to implicate the political group.Hours after police officials said that AAP, Baba Ramdev and former Army chief V K Singh were responsible for inciting violence among protestors at Raisina Hill on December 23, AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal denied the charge and hit out at the police for trying to falsely implicate the group and innocent young students.\"We demand that people responsible for Tomar's death should be severely punished irrespective of whether they belong to our party or any other group. But if the police deliberately tries to put a false case or spoil the lives of innocent students, we will not stand for it,\" Kejriwal said. The party also denied that it had stood bail for the eight people arrested so far on charges of attempt to murder.AAP member Manish Sisodia said only one of the eight arrested \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chaman Kumar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was a party volunteer. \"We have not stood bail for anyone. Their family members did,\" he said, adding that the case was so weak that the police was pulled up by the court for shoddy work.\"Police has no evidence about these people, whom they have arrested from different places, at different times. They were protesting peacefully for justice to the gang rape victim,\" Kejriwal said. He added that police was trying to portray that the movement became violent due to the involvement of Ramdev, Singh and AAP members.\"Politically, the government has been unable to tackle the protests. So, they have chosen to attack us indirectly,\" Yogendra Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17761002", "title": "When covering crop damage led to a movie shoot", "text": "Life sometimes throws up unexpected surprises. There are certain occasions when you realize how little you know even in this age of internet. These two things happened this September when I was covering the crop damage in Vidarbha due to excessive rainfall in the previous month.I had been to Washim district only once during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. People were in election mood and the oppressive heat did not give much of an opportunity to know about the area.This time the weather was excellent and we had more time on hand. Still, the discovery of a small scale film industry was just a coincidence. I was travelling to Washim with my colleague. Soon after crossing Malegaon town, we came across the film crew crossing the road for a shoot in a field.I did not realize that it was a film crew. Why on earth would anybody shoot a film in such a run of the mill place in the middle of nowhere? My photojournalist colleague, however, insisted that it was. And he proved to be right.The film had two specialities. It was being shot in an interior area and also that the producer, director, script writer, lyricist, choreographer and the hero was the same person. Jamil Khan's looks belied his multi-faced qualities. He was dressed in an unbelievably gaudy costume for a dance sequence in his low budget movie 'Navra Gharat Baeko Bazarat'.Khan told us that his film was based on the agrarian crisis of Vidarbha. However, as the story unfolded I realized that it had as much relation with the agrarian crisis as the Bollywood movie 'Ashoka' had with the life of the great emperor.Soon Khan got busy with his shoot and other villagers told us about his films. One villager said that another person from Malegaon produced similar films but was not as successful as Khan. In between the all in one chipped in with some bits of information about his films.As the information rained on me like a torrent, it took time to sink in. Later in my hotel room in Washim, I cursed artists from Nagpur. They were all the time complaining about lack of patronage by government as well as viewers. And here Jamil Khan, a sixth grade pass from an obscure village was producing his fourth film.His films were very low budget, did not have any stars, the cinematography, music, acting and everything else may not suit the tastes of an urban audience. But they were still films and Khan was making money.Jamil was not only a talented artist but also a very practical man. He knew that his films would be appreciated only in villages and talukas so he doesn't dream of screening them even in Akola. His ticket rates are in the range that can be afforded by the poor. He screens them during religious jatras that last for a few days. The devotees have plenty of time and are more than eager for some entertainment.When I came back to Nagpur, most people thought that I was talking about Malegaon in Nashik district. On learning that it was in Washim they had a look of disbelief on their faces. I would have felt the same had I not had a first hand experience.(Ashish Roy questions the powerful and stands up for the powerless but in the reel sense, he had to laptop the action)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763173", "title": "Protests over Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd-Visakhapatnam Steel Plant unit in Rae Bareli", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Protesting against the decision of the state-run steel maker Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd-Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (RINL-VSP) to set up a railway wheel manufacturing unit in Rai Bareli, the CPI (M) Visakhapatnam district committee said it was unfair as the unit was being set up with Rs 1,000 crore borrowed by VSP-RINL while the jobs would be provided to those from Rai Bareli and surrounding areas. Members of the CPI (M) objected to the logic of setting up the unit in Rai Bareli, when the VSP-RINL could have done the same in their own sprawling campus in Visakhapatnam.Speaking on the issue here on Tuesday, C H Narsinga Rao, district secretary, CPI (M), alleged that the MoU was signed by the VSP management under political pressure and said that it was not mere coincidence that the unit was being set up in Sonia Gandhi's constituency.Narsinga Rao further alleged that the state government was making false promises to the people of Vizag and AP that they would help in the expansion plans of the steel plant, while RINL-VSP was setting up plants elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763032", "title": "Acting commissioner of police overhauls patrolling system", "text": "AURANGABAD: Acting commissioner of police Arvind Chavariya and deputy commissioner of police Somnath Gharge (headquarters) met heads of the city police stations on Tuesday and issued new guidelines to detect the number of crime cases. They would also review work done by the ground staff every week and update higher officials.The move comes as a follow-up to the sudden surge in the number of crimes and property offences in the last few days.Highly placed sources said that Chavariya had given special instructions that every beat marshal be given a specific route to patrol and made it mandatory for them to halt for at least half an hour at every chowk on the route. Police station chiefs and police vans would have to patrol crowded places in their respective jurisdictions during peak hours daily. The earlier practice was for the chiefs to stay in the police stations all day, except for night patrolling.He also asked senior inspectors to give a set of cases for detection to every person working at the grassroots, assess and update them to assistant commissioners of respective divisions.Chavaria said, \"Criminals get active when they feel there is no police presence, so we have asked our men to not only increase the patrol but do it systematically. We have asked police station heads to review the work done by policemen on a daily basis. We do not want any property theft to take place anywhere in the city and we are serious about it.\"\"It has been brought to our notice that most beat marshals do not patrol areas in their jurisdiction efficiently. They should be present at every crowded place so that the presence of the police is felt in the city. Every police vehicle is attached to the GPS system and we will be monitoring the movement of the policemen frequently,\" added Chavaria.Police station chiefs and police vans would have to patrol crowded places in their respective jurisdictions during peak hours daily. The earlier practice was for the chiefs to stay in the police stations all day, except for night patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763450", "title": "Envoys to flood Vibrant Gujarat Investor Summit in January 2013", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The US is finally reaching out to 'Modzilla' - a term coined by US diplomats for chief minister Narendra Modi in the cables they send to Washington and brought out by Wikileaks. The US consul general will be part of an army of foreign diplomats who will attend the latest version of the Vibrant Gujarat Investor Summit in January 2013.Officials of a number of European Union countries have already confirmed participation while Canada and Japan are partnering the summit.In effect, the number of foreign diplomats is expected to double in the 2013 summit. The summit in 2011 had seen diplomats of Canada, Japan and some African countries.With Modi's growing importance in national politics, the UK ended its decade-old boycott of Modi when the British ambassador to India James Bevan met him in October and announced his participation in the two-day summit.In January 2011, US consul general Paul Folmsbee had attended one of the seminars on US-India trade relations at the summit. He had, however, maintained a studied distance from Modi at the time and called his visit non-political.This time however, lobbyists are believed to be making a serious attempt to arrange a meeting between the chief minister and Peter Hass, the present consul general, who is coming for the summit and will most likely be part of the inauguration.Haas will be accompanied by a delegation of US India Business Council (USIBC). He visited Ahmedabad twice in the last year, but held no meetings with state government officials. In March, he visited Citizen Nagar, a relief colony for the riot-affected. In August, the US government hosted an iftar in Ahmedabad to promote inter-faith relations and goodwill.Last week a US state department official said, \"We continue to promote and encourage investments in Gujarat, and we continue to engage with Gujarat across a broad range of issues: trade, investment, energy, university linkages, and people-to-people exchanges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17763587", "title": "Surat BJP workers to attend swearing-in ceremony", "text": "SURAT: More than 1,000 BJP workers and leaders have left for Ahmedabad to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as Gujarat's chief minister on Wednesday.Among those who have left for Ahmedabad are 12 newly elected MLAs of Surat city, 25 city unit party officer-bearers, BJP councillors, two MPs and a former MP of the city. Even VNSGU vice-chancellor is likely to reach Ahmedabad to attend the ceremony.Another 1,000-odd party activists would reach Ahmedabad from different parts of south Gujarat.\"This occasion is another Diwali for us and we are going to celebrate it with all fun and frenzy,\" BJP workers said.\"We will have a great celebration once the swearing-in of chief minister is over,\" city unit BJP president Purnesh Modi said.A number of felicitation programmes have also be planned in the city after December 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761766", "title": "A year on, quartet in kidney swap transplant bond over festivities", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuesday was a special day for 53-year-old Dahisar resident P C John (53) and 27-year-old Nasir Kasim Shah (27), an engineer from Malwani.Both came together to celebrate their first Christmas together after undergoing a kidney transplant on the same day last year. In a swap transplant, Nasir's father, Kasim, donated a kidney to John whose wife Molly donated a kidney to the young engineer. \"The four of us were operated on December 1, 2011, but it took me 35 days to heal completely,\" said John, who was seriously unwell to celebrate Christmas last year.So, to celebrate his first Christmas since he got a new lease of life, the Shahs came over to John's residence on Tuesday morning. \"I was diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease 25 years ago and have been hospitalized 16 times so far,\" said John, adding that meeting the Shahs changed his life.The families met at the Narmada Kidney Foundation's office where both patients had registered for a swap transplant.\"My father and I had incompatible blood groups and hence he couldn't donate a kidney to me. Hence, we decided to opt for a swap transplant,\" said Nasir. The families met in August 2011 and the paperwork took up to three months.Dr Bharat Shah of Narmada Kidney Foundation said that swap transplants were emerging as the best way when a family member is not suitable to donate because of non-compatibility of blood groups.\"In the last two years since we started a swap registry, we have helped 10 swap transplants. That is, 20 patients have got kidneys,\" he said. \"People from different cities, backgrounds and religions have been coming together because of swap transplants.\"However, he wants the government to change the rules in such a way that swap transplants are not treated as unrelated transplants. \"Currently, they are considered as unrelated transplants and the paperwork takes long,\" Dr Shah said.\"In swaps, families are involved. A father is donating a kidney to someone because he cannot directly give it to his son. In exchange, the other family gives his son a kidney. Why should this be treated as unrelated transplant?\" asked Dr Shah.Box: Season Of GivingCaption: (L-R) Kasim and his son Nasir Shah with P C John and wife Molly* Swap transplantation is a method to match couples who have incompatible blood groups with other couples having the same problems* The couples could be spouses or parent and child. * In a swap, a patient from the first couple gets a kidney from a donor in the second couple. Similarly, the patient from the second couple gets an organ from the donor in the first couple.* India's first successful swap transplant was carried out in June 2006 at Jaslok Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765869", "title": "Rani Chatterjee - actress of the year", "text": "Rani Chatterjee has once again proved her star power with being a part of the highest grossing movies of the year. 'Durga', 'Kaisan Piya Ke Charittar Ba', 'Kaye Kail Humse Ghaat' made huge waves at the box office. Then came the biggest blockbuster, 'Dhadkela Tohre Naame Karejwa' where Rani's action sequences were widely appreciated.Rani has her kitty full with movies for the coming year too. We wish her all the best.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762540", "title": "'Dear Santa, please make Delhi rape victim recover fast'", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of cyclists in the city visited some of the churches and lighted candles on Christmas praying for the recovery of Delhi rape victim. Ruby Abraham, a teacher, who is a resident of a locality near the Christian Medical College and Hospital said, \"Since my childhood I have been looking for special gifts from Santa Clause and have been praying for the same. However this time I have only one prayer that the girl in Delhi gets well and no incident like this happens ever again in our country.\" Gurdeep Singh from Gurusar Sudhar, who works for a private company said, \"Today is a special day and the world over people pray for peace and I just hope that our prayers for the Delhi girl would also be heard and she would be fine. We should all remember as to how she is fighting for her life and I also wish that better sense prevails on the government and they make stringent laws to deal with rapists and not show their might against the people protesting peacefully against the ghastly incident.\" Agam, a student and a resident of Model Gram said, \"Our prayers will make a difference and I hope that the entire country is praying for her recovery. My mother is also praying for the innocent girl and when I asked her permission for participating in this cycle expedition she immediately agreed.\" Ahnoor Sidhu, a student from Bharat Nagar said, \"Youth in the country has come together against this brutal crime and we just want to ensure that we do not forget the destitute girl amidst celebrations and remember her by praying for her wellbeing.\" Over 24 people including kids took part in the cycle rally. The kids were seen carrying placards saying \"Get well soon sister.\" Those who participated in the event included Sahil, Payal, Harvikram Singh, Jaspratatp Singh and Manpreet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17762325", "title": "Noida rape victim faces police apathy", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the nation is protesting crimes against women, a rape victim in Noida has alleged that police have been callous in getting her justice. The woman, who has reportedly worked in various Bhojpuri films, has alleged that she has been threatened to be killed by the accused. Even though she has met the Gautam Budh Nagar SSP, no action has been taken on her complaint. As a result, the victim is trapped inside her house fearing for her life.\"On Saturday, the accused had stopped me on the street and threatened to kill me. When I went to the SSP office, he was unavailable and his subordinates told me to come on Monday. Yesterday when I met the SSP, he failed to give me a satisfactory answer as to what action was being taken in my case,\" the victim told TOI. The rape victim had also attempted suicide at the SSP's residence on November 4 after the accused had thrashed her.SSP Gautam Budh Nagar Praveen Kumar remained unavailable for comment. When the Uttar Pradesh additional director general of police (ADG) Arun Kumar was contacted, he assured of a probe in the matter. \"I haven't received any communication in the matter. Appropriate action will be taken after I have collected all details of the case,\" the ADG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762709", "title": "Rajasthan panel nod for regularizing colonies on government land", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's empowered committee meeting on Tuesday put its seal of approval on a number of decisions including regularizing colonies developed on government and agricultural land and to provide basic facilities to the residents.The meeting chaired by urban development and housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal gave its nod to the decision to regularize colonies developed on gair khatedari land which had been pending for some time.\"We have been receiving many applications for regularizing these colonies. The decision was taken to consider these lands as government land and regularize them after charging the applicable rates,\" an official present in the meeting said.To expedite the regularization process of colonies developed on agricultural land developed after June 17, 1999, powers have been given to local bodies.An official also said that many villages have been included in the JDA region in Master Plan-2025. A decision has been taken to regularize houses on agriculture land situated near wells, as many such applications have been received.UDH minister Dariwal claimed that the Rajasthan government is the first to provide so many relaxations for its residents since Independence. This year in June, the JDA prepared a list of 1,722 housing schemes developed before 1999. Other than that, between 1999 and 2002 around 614 housing colonies were developed by housing societies. \"So far, we have regularized approximately 1,000 colonies. However, 600 colonies have not been regularized due to various reasons. Around 800 colonies in the JDA periphery are also yet to be regularized,\" the official added.Official sources said out of the 800 colonies, regularization of 360 colonies can be done easily, but it will be difficult for JDA to regularize other colonies due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763840", "title": "Need separate courts to deal rape cases", "text": "Courts dedicated to only crime against women could be one way of reducing the growing violence against them. Dedicated courts will mean faster trials, meaning reduction of the time lag between crime and punishment; this will be a stronger deterrent against this type of crime. Easy bail is an encouragement for crime and faster trials will do away with the need for bail to the accused, especially in apparently open-and-shut cases. The government also needs to make the law much tougher even for crime that doesn't end in rape. The message needs to go out that the system has zero tolerance for crime against women.Related article:  Need dedicated courts for rape: Lawyers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762556", "title": "Delhi gang rape: She's a 'shade better', bleeding under control", "text": "NEW DELHI: Although the condition of the gang rape victim was a \"shade better\" on Tuesday, doctors say there has been no significant improvement.Doctors attributed the improvement in her vital parameters like blood pressure, pulse, platelet and white blood cell counts to the supplementation give to her. Though the internal bleeding, which had started on Sunday, was brought under control on Tuesday, doctors say the chances of a relapse are high. They are counselling her family as she needs \"emotional support for rehabilitation\".\"Her white blood cell and platelet counts have improved, but she continues to be critical. The bilirubin level has shot to 7.2 due to infection and is a cause of concern,'' said Dr Sunil Jain, senior surgeon at Safdarjung Hospital who operated the victim thrice. On Tuesday, the girl's platelet and WBC counts were 81,000 and 5600 respectively, and she also had a high fever.For the past three days, doctors had been worried about an internal bleeding, which is now somewhat under control. \"The bleeding had reduced significantly by Tuesday. We have given her fresh frozen plasma and single donor plasma to help in coagulation. Due to Disseminated Intravascular Coagulopathy there was excessive bleeding. But she has responded to the therapy,'' said Dr MC Misra, chief AIIMS Trauma Centre.On Tuesday, doctors subjected her to another psychological assessment before her statement was recorded for the second time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761298", "title": "KJP to protest maladministration in civic bodies", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of Dakshina Kannada unit of the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) will stage a protest demonstration in front of the office of deputy commissioner here on Wednesday. This is against what the party local office bearer's say is maladministration on part of BJP-headed government in Karnataka and the problems that common people are suffering on account of total \"paralysis\" of administration at local bodies as well.Mariamma Thomas, corporator in M angalore City Corporation and state executive committee member of KJP said various social security schemes such as Bhagyalakshmi, Sandhya Suraksha initiated by former chief minister and KJP founder BS Yeddyurappa have derailed and its benefits are not reaching the common man. \"Beneficiaries under these schemes now have to wait for a minimum of six to seven months to get the sanction letters,\" she said.A similar situation of paralysis in administration is evident in the office of the sub-registrar where people are finding it difficult to get their works attended to on time, she said, adding that KJP will highlight this during the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761487", "title": "Mangalore varsity gets its own exam manual", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has cut its last vestigial link to University of Mysore - its parent university - by bringing out its own examination manual. A seven-member examination manual committee headed by PS Yadapadithaya, registrar, compiled the 106-page manual. This replaces the almost three-decades-old manual of conduct of university examinations.If one takes the various annexures into consideration, the entire manual will run into 300-plus pages. It is expected to meet the university's needs for another decade, said TC Shivashankara Murthy, vice-chancellor.The present manual aims at guiding the \"effective, efficient and lawful conduct of university examinations diploma and certificate courses, comprising correspondence programme, UG and PG programmes, master of philosophy and doctor of philosophy programmes\". The entire manual is coordinated in 10 chapters along with 40 appendices to give greater clarity to all aspects of examination processes.The university at present conducts examinations for 155 streams of BA course, 25 streams of BSc course, six streams of BCom course, 15 other courses without sub-streams, 3 UG and PG correspondence programmes each, five regular PG programmes, four other PG courses without streams, Doctor of Philosophy in 26 streams, 3 PG diploma and one certificate course. The university also conducts 22 other diploma and certificate courses.Yadapadithaya said the revamped manual will be sent for printing once language experts vet the minor spelling and grammar errors in the draft presented before the council. Copies will be distributed to all the 195 colleges - affiliated, constituent and autonomous.\"The revamp of the manual was a much needed exercise given that there have been lot of changes in university's functioning,\" Yadapadithaya said, adding that the manual will be the Bible for the university's academic processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "17761906", "title": "Maoist couple gives up arms", "text": "Purulia: A Maoist couple surrendered at the office of Purulia SP on Tuesday with arms and ammunitions.Police said Bijoy Singh alias Bijoy Bhumij alias Mongol Singh, 28, is a resident of Neemdih village under Potomda police station area of Jharkhand , while Moumita Paharia alias Bazar Paharia, 22, lives in Kolabera village in Balarampur police station area of Purulia.C Sudhakar, SP of Purulia, said that the couple was involved in a number of incidents in Purulia from 2008, including the killing of a Cobra jawan and injuring two others at Jhaldha in December 2010.\"They had approached us for surrender and rehabilitation. On Tuesday, we sent them to Belguma Police Line Transit Camp,\" he added.While Bijoy Singh surrendered with a double-barrel gun and six bullets, Moumita surrendered with her double-barrel gun and four bullets. It was in 2006 that Bijay had joined the Dalma squad in Jharkhand. Moumita joined Ayodhya squad in 2008. They got married in August 2011. and by the end of last year have been planning to leave the outfit.Recently, three Maoists had also surrendered before the Bankura police super Mukesh Kumar with arms and ammunitions, including an INSAS rifle, looted from the Silda EFR camp.All these surrenders before the next years years panchayet polls will give the rulling party an edge in junglemohal, political parties fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17767370", "title": "Bilawal to make formal entry into Pakistan politics today", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan People's Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari will make his formal entry into the hurly burly of Pakistani politics at an event to be held on Thursday to mark the fifth death anniversary of his mother Benazir Bhutto .\"Bilawal will make his entry into active politics during the meeting to be held at Garhi Khuda Bux (in Sindh) and take over the PPP's campaign for next year's general election,\" said a confidant of President Asif Ali Zardari.Both 24-year-old Bilawal and his father will make speeches at the event to be held outside the Bhutto family's mausoleum near the PPP's stronghold of Naudero, said the confidant who did not want to be named.There has been speculation that Zardari might also announce the date for the next general election at tomorrow's event but the confidant said no final decision had been made in this regard.\"The President is keeping things close to his chest and he is the person who will make the decision about announcing the date for the polls,\" the confidant said.The current National Assembly or lower house of parliament will complete its five-year term in March and PPP leaders have indicated that the next general election is likely to be held in April or May. Polls will simultaneously be held to the four provincial assemblies.During his speech at the event in Garhi Khuda Bux tomorrow, Bilawal is expected to make public a report on the investigation into Benazir Bhutto's assassination by a suicide bomber after an election rally in Rawalpindi in 2007.Bilawal himself cannot contest polls till he turns 25 in September next year.Zardari, who is the co-chairman of the PPP, has convened a meeting of the party's central executive committee at Naudero on Friday. This meeting is expected to fine tune the PPP's campaign for the polls, party insiders said.The PPP's top leadership was mulling a move to elevate former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani to the post of co-chairman but this is now unlikely to happen due to opposition from several leaders, including interior minister Rehman Malik and law minister Farooq Naek, sources in the party said.A recent Supreme Court judgement that said the President should be non-partisan and have no political affiliations has made it almost impossible for Zardari to play an active role in the PPP's election campaign.The Lahore high court is hearing a petition seeking action against Zardari under the contempt of court law for failing to act on an order that expected him to give up the post of chief of the PPP.Religious affairs minister Khursheed Shah said earlier this month that Zardari would not lead or participate in the PPP's election campaign.Under these circumstances, Zardari was keen to rope in Gilani to play a greater role as co-chairman of the PPP.\"The move was shot down because of opposition from some leaders. The party felt it would be better to avoid any divisions just before the elections,\" said a source.Gilani was convicted for contempt and disqualified by the apex court after he refused to revive graft cases against Zardari in Switzerland.He subsequently became estranged from Zardari as he felt he was being given no importance within the party.Zardari visited Gilani in his hometown of Multan last month to allay his concerns about being abandoned by PPP.Gilani is now expected to be the main force in the PPP's campaign in Punjab as the party's current head in the province, federal minister Manzoor Wattoo, has \"failed miserably\" in mounting a challenge to the PML-N, sources said.Gilani will also play an important role in the PPP's campaign across the country, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "17762485", "title": "Danger lurks on road to South City", "text": "SOUTH CITY: With the city enveloped in fog, travelling on the road to South City is fraught with danger. Besides the fact that there are no road markings, the danger is compounded by the absence of a boundary wall along Sidhwan Canal to South City. In that context, Tuesday's accident in which a Pajero fell into a canal on the way to South City came as a sign of things to come.Akshay Bajaj, an MBA student and resident of Raghunath Enclave near South City, who saw the Pajero falling into the canal on said, \"Since there are no white markings along the centre of the road and no wall along the road which runs along Sidhwan Canal, it is a pretty dangerous stretch. The driver survived in this case, others may not be as lucky. The administration must lose no time in getting the markings in place before lives are lost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763321", "title": "Anger overtakes social stigma related to rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: During a agitation demanding justice for Delhi gang rape victim near Vastrapur lake in the city on Tuesday morning, a woman, part of the protest, could not hold back her tears. When other protesters questioned her, she told them how her 7-year-old daughter Sangita was raped and murdered in Bapunagar in February 2009. The child's body was found four days after the incident from a school's toilet.\"We are seeking justice for my dead daughter. Police have not been able to trace the accused in the case yet. The prime suspects are roaming free for the want of evidence,\" she said, as her family members held up placards with the girl's photograph and newspaper cuttings.\"We have found strength to come out after years of battle as we have seen the public outrage. We believe that there should be the most stringent punishment for such criminals so as to deter others from committing such a heinous crime,\" she added.The rage boiling over in New Delhi over the gang rape of a student seems to have crystallized strength in families to come forward and report such cases. What's more, the anger which seethes the entire country seems to have wiped off the stigma associated with rape as more victims and their families join the cries for justice.Earlier, a class XII girl in Bharuch had come out in the open about how she was raped by her own school van driver nine months ago. The girl, hailing from a middle-class family in Maktampura area of the town, lodged a complaint against the driver Kirit Mistry who was promptly arrested.\"The girl broke down after watching angry protests on news channels. She told her parents how Mistry took her to an isolated spot and raped her in the van. Mistry had threatened to kill her if she revealed anything to her parents,\" a police official said.Social activists say that for every rape which is reported, there is a higher number of cases that go unreported. \"Cases of rape which go unreported are high as families still associate shame with the crime committed on them. They think of prestige, honour and associate stigma with the girl who underwent the crime,\" says Manjula Pradeep, a woman activist associated with Navsarjan Trust, a not-for-profit organization.Pradeep says that the public rage over rape is a positive development which is set to usher a kind of revolution. \"It is important that rape is de-stigmatized and people get strength to point a finger at the accused,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17766944", "title": "Nokia tablet to have two batteries: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recently, rumours about a Nokia tablet made quite a buzz, but details have been scarce. Now, sources close to the Finnish manufacturer have started dishing out leaks and one says Nokia's upcoming tablet will be powered by two batteries - one standard and the other in the keyboard cover.According to a report in technology news website The Verge, the keyboard cover that will come with the device will have a battery and work as a kickstand, much like the one in Microsoft Surface. Users will be able to switch the keyboard-based battery in when the tablet's battery runs low.The report cites sources as saying that the battery in the keyboard cover will work when the tablet's battery runs low.The Verge also says that the primary battery of the tablet \"will have a 10-hour capacity with fast charging that boosts the battery capacity to 50 percent in a short period of time.\" The tablet and the cover can be folded like a book, and the latter will also feature two built-in ports for connectivity.Coming to the tablet itself, the upcoming Nokia device will have HDMI as well as USB ports and a 10.1-inch touchscreen. It will support cellular data connectivity and AT&T; will be the first operator to have it on its shelves, as per the report. Nokia's tablet will be built on an ARM processor and run on Windows RT operating system. The Finnish manufacturer is likely to showcase the new product at Mobile World Congress in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17763589", "title": "Navsari girl regains consciousness", "text": "SURAT: The 18-year-old girl, who was found unconscious in a farm near Duwada village of Navsari district on Tuesday morning regained consciousness after 24 hours. The girl, who is seriously injured in neck, believed to be caused by strangulation, is under treatment at a hospital in Navsari.\"She is yet to register her statement. We are waiting for permission of the doctors, who believe that she is not in her best of health yet to give the statement,\" police inspector, Local Crime Branch, Navsari, K N Patel said.\"We are not sure whether the victim, a student of class XII, had been raped or not. The doctors who examined her are refusing to give a clear opinion on it. At present there are no injuries on victim's body, which could prove that she had been raped. However, the possibility of rape has not been ruled out,\" police said.Meanwhile, medical examination of victim's boyfriend Bhavesh Naykapatel, in detention since Monday, was carried out. Bhavesh told police that the victim had called him at around 4.30 am and asked him to come to the farm. When he reached the spot, he found the victim hanging from a mango tree. tnnHe said he brought the victim down and sprinkled water on her face as she was unconscious. After sometime, Bhavesh escaped from the location.The clothes of Bhavesh and the victim would be sent for forensic examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761974", "title": "Techies learn to kick perverts in the teeth", "text": "COIMBATORE: T Muthulakshmi, a 27-year-old senior executive with an IT firm in the city, considers Coimbatore a safe city for women. But that does not mean women here should take it easy and remain coy and demure. She advocates the need for having basic self-defence training for all women, which according to her is good also for boosting self confidence.\"We had a self-defence training session at our workplace during which we were taught basic hand to hand self-defence and stun techniques to be used if any pervert targets us,\" says Muthulakshmi, who works at Robert Bosch Business Solutions.The shameful gang-rape incident in New Delhi last week has once again brought the focus on to the need for women to be aware of basic self-defence techniques. Unlike Chennai and other major cities, the concept of women working during late hours and moving around after dusk is relatively new to the city, but it is catching up slowly with the night life after the arrival of IT and BPO companies. Like Bosch, many firms are providing training in self-defence to its women employees.\"The training was simple and the session lasted only for two hours but the methods are very effective,\" says Krithika Jayaraman, junior officer, Robert Bosch Engineering.Sonika Vikraman, a four-time national karate champion and one of the very few women martial arts instructors in the city, conducts regular karate training sessions at various city schools and colleges. \"Presence of mind is most important when a person comes under attack,\" Sonika adds. She started learning martial arts when her family was in New Delhi during her college days. \"I have used my skills effectively on many men in Delhi buses whenever they have troubled me,\" she said.N Karthikeyan, main instructor of Zen Martial Arts Academy, has been conducting similar training sessions in schools, colleges and business firms in the city on a regular basis. He feels the awareness has to improve because \"even if women being harassed and molested is rare in Coimbatore, many fall prey to chain snatchers.\"Most students stop martial arts training once they reach class X, said Karthikeyan. Lack of adequate women trainers is another reason why parents hesitate to send their daughters for training beyond a certain age, noted Sonika.Interestingly, Dr R V Ganesan, former head of the department of Psychology in Bharathiar University imparts basic self-defence training to his women patients as part of counselling. It is essential for those who have had unpleasant experiences, he notes. They normally develop a sense of aversion towards all men. \"Through self-defence training, we manage to infuse confidence in them and they also realize all men are not bad. If at all somebody misbehaves, they gain the confidence to protect themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761892", "title": "Collection agent of fraud firm kidnapped, rescued", "text": "COIMBATORE: A collection agent of the busted online portal company was rescued by the Karumathampatti police on Monday after he was kidnapped by a four-member gang demanding a ransom amount of Rs 50 lakh on Sunday night.M Mohan, a resident of Devarayampalayam near Somanur, worked as a collection agent with Fine Future India, an online portal company that allegedly cheated investors of crores of rupees.On Sunday evening, Mohan was kidnapped by a four-member gang in a car when he was on his way back home from Sengathurai village near Sulur after meeting a friend there. The gang waylaid and kidnapped Mohan when he reached near Sengathurai - Devarayampalayam Road in his motorcycle. He was kept in confinement at Punjai Puliyampatti in Erode district by the gang.The gang demanded Rs 50 lakh as ransom amount from Mohan's family to release him. However, Mohan's younger brother M Balu, 29, approached Karumathampatti police. The gang accepted to release Mohan for a ransom amount of Rs 2 lakh and asked Balu to hand over the money near Perumanallur in Tirupur district on Monday night.Meanwhile, police laid a trap to arrest the gang members by posing as friends of Mohan and when the gang came to collect the amount, they smelt a rat and escaped. Police rescued Mohan and took him to Karumathampatti police station.According to police sources, the gang members were not investors of the fraud online company. Two special teams have been formed to nab the culprits.Coimbatore: A 30-year-old man was kidnapped by a four member gang on Sunday night and demanded Rs 50 lakh from his family members for release him. Police said, the kidnapped person works as a collection agent with Fine Future India, an online portal had allegedly collected Rs 1.30 crore from thousands of people. Recently the online portal shuttered down and the owners were escaped. The investors pestered the agent to get back their money. The kidnapped person was rescued by Karumathampatti police on Monday night near Anthiyur in Erode district.The victim was identified as M Mohan from Devarayampalayam near Somanur in Coimbatore district. Police said, Mohan had allegedly collected Rs 1.30 crore from his relatives, friends and other people and invested the amount to the online portal. The investors received 8.5 percent as a monthly dividend for one month and later the online portal was closed. The investors demanded him to repay their money.On Sunday evening he had gone to Sengathurai village near Sulur to meet his friend. Around 9.30 pm, he was on the way to home in his motorcycle. When he reached near Sengathurai - Devarayampalayam road, a four member gang waylaid him. Later the gang took kidnapped him by using a car. He was kept in a confinement at Punjai Puliyampatti in Erode district by the gang.He contacted his family members over mobile phone and told them that they would pay Rs 50 lakh to the gang. Then only he would be released from their custody. The gang threatened the family members that if they will approach the police, then they will finish off Mohan.However, M Balu, 29, younger brother of Mohan approached Karumathampatti police on Sunday late night. On Monday the family members told the gang that they can arrange Rs 2 lakh only. The gang member accepted the deal and told them to bring the money near Perumanallur in Tirupur district on Monday night.Two police personnel who posed as friends of the victim had gone to Perumanallur in a call taxi and kept Rs 2 lakh in a bag. Meanwhile the gang changed the location and asked them to go to Malayapalayam village near Anthiyur in Erode district. The gang members approached the two persons and tried to receive the bag from them. Immediately they understood that the two persons belonged to police department and started to run from the spot and escaped. Meanwhile the police rescued Mohan and took him to Karumathampatti police station.According to police sources, the gang members are not invested in the online portal. They had planned to get ransom from Mohan and kidnapped him. Two special teams have been formed to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761649", "title": "12-yr-old girl, hidden in a drum in brothel, rescued", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police on Monday night rescued a 12-year-old girl and four young women from a red-light area in Sonapur, Bhandup (West). The girl had been hidden in a water storage barrel in a room at a chawl. The police have arrested brothel owner Kamal Kamble (52) and are searching for the owner of the chawl that houses the brothel.Kamble told the police the girl was sold to her by the chawl owner, who brought her to Mumbai from West Bengal after telling her family that he would get her treated for kidney stones, said senior inspector Shrirang Nadguada of the Bhandup police station. \"His arrest will provide us with the details of how the girl reached Mumbai. The victim seems to have been brainwashed. She told us her mother handed her over to a man in West Bengal for medical treatment. She also said that before she was delivered to Kamble-five days ago-she was kept at her aunt's house in Bhiwandi. We are trying to track down the girl's parents.\"The inspector said that prima facie, the girl did not seem to have had any intercourse. \"We are awaiting her medical report for confirmation.\"The police were tipped off by locals. \"A few days ago, people residing in the locality became suspicious on seeing young women being brought to the chawl under the cover of night. They became even more suspicious when after speaking to Kamble they found she had locked her brothel's rooms,\" said Manish Bhagat, a local.Kamble and the chawl owner have been booked under provisions of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. The five victims have been sent to welfare homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760998", "title": "Cancer has not daunted this poetess and her thirst for life", "text": "NAGPUR: She is inching towards death but continues to express her thirst for life through her poems. The cancer that she has may kill her but she will continue to live through her poems thanks to the efforts of Dr Ajay and Suchitra Mehta of Central India Cancer Research Institute (CICRI), who have got her poems published. Her poems have been compiled into a book titled 'Indrachhata' to honour her dying wish.One cannot ignore the lively expression and also the passion with which 65-year-old Indrani Kulkarni reads out her poems. Most of them are very short, however, they convey a lot. She has written poems on virtually every aspect of her life. In her poems she uses various moods of nature to convey human feelings.Her poems are about love, separation and the positivity in life. Many of them are sarcastic and moody too. Some of her poems written decades back are based on raging issues of today like female foeticide.\"My poems have nothing to do with my cancer. I was diagnosed with breast cancer ten years back. But, I have been writing since I was 16-years-old and I am still doing so. However, now my poems have been compiled together into a book by the Mehta couple,\" she said, before the release of her book by well known author Supriya Iyer at a function organized by CICRI on Thursday.Her poem 'porkhel' or child's play had been published as one of the best 14 poems out of 1000 entries in Maharashtra Times last year. Many writers like Ram Shewalkar have praised her poems.Even though reading poems aloud makes her breathless, she refuses to stop and starts again after having a glass of water brought by her husband Suresh Kulkarni. The couple is childless.It was in 2002 that Indrani was first diagnosed with breast cancer. They used to live in Ahmedabad during that time. After undergoing treatment for a period of time she was declared cancer free and her medicines were stopped after 2009. However, she went into remission and was diagnosed with lung cancer when they came to Kalmeshwar two years back. They were going to settle down here.Her condition has deteriorated over the past few months and the doctors fear that the cancer cells must have reached her brain. Mehtas, who were treating her free of cost, now have put her off medicines as the disease has reached the untreatable stage. However, they along with Geeta Mathur, the hospital's counsellor who herself is a breast cancer survivor, are ensuring that she gets all comforts for the time she is alive.In fact, the CICRI team has motivated Indrani's husband to such an extent that he plans to join the hospital and serve cancer patients through the support group. \"I am a retired man who has no work and no family support. Nothing would be better than giving love and confidence to those who need it like my wife,\" said Suresh. \"She is dying but is full of life. This motivated us to get her poems published. We actually had to search them from all over the house. But we are happy to see her happy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17763783", "title": "'Environment changes spurred human evolution'", "text": "WASHINGTON: A series of rapid environmental changes in East Africa roughly two-million-years ago may have driven the human evolution, say researchers. \"The landscape early humans were inhabiting transitioned rapidly between a closed woodland and an open grassland about five to six times during a period of 200,000 years,\" said researcher Clayton Magill, from the Penn State University .\"These changes happened very abruptly, with each transition occurring over hundreds to just a few thousand years,\" Magill said in a statement.According to co-researcher Katherine Freeman, the current leading hypothesis suggests that evolutionary changes among humans during the period the team investigated were related to a long, steady environmental change or even one big change in climate. \"There is a view this time in Africa was the 'Great Drying', when the environment slowly dried out over three million years. But our data show that it was not a grand progression towards dry; the environment was highly variable,\" she said. According to Magill, many anthropologists believe that variability of experience can trigger cognitive development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763686", "title": "Rapists, murderers of 12-yr-old girl elude police", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While widespread protests continue over the alleged gang rape of a girl in Delhi and similar allegations in the state capital, three persons accused in the gang rape and murder of a 12-year-old girl at Badbil town of Kenojhar district continue to elude police over four months after the incident took place in broad daylight. The Class VIII girl was killed after being raped while returning home from tuition on August 1.Police sources said seven persons kidnapped the girl at around 10 am on the fateful day when she was returning home in Joda municipal area. While police managed to arrest four of the accused, three others are still at large.\"A manhunt has been on in the state as well as outside to nab the accused, but so far we haven't had any luck,\" said Keonjhar SP Anirudh Singh. \"We have alerted police stations elsewhere and are hopeful of an early breakthrough,\" said Badbil police station inspector in-charge A K Mishra.Police identified the three absconders as Kanu, Sachinder Singh and Babul Sandial. Sachinder Singh is from Punjab while there is no clarity on the background of the two other accused, police said. Those already arrested were identified as mastermind Mata Munda, Jiten Munda, Biswanath Gop alias Naur and Mangal Suri.The girl was a student of Badabil Municipal High School. She was killed when the town was in a festive mood for Rakshabandhan festival. \"She had left home around 7 am telling her mother that she will be back by 9.30 am to tie rakhi to her brother,\" said a family friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763112", "title": "Vizagites yet to feel the winter chill", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With winter playing truant and minimum temperatures hovering around 15 to 16 degree Celsius, winter fashion has taken a backseat with Vizagites. Business at the annual Tibetan winter baazar too is down as denizens are yet to feel the chill.Tibetan refugees, who throng the city each winter to sell woollen garments are disappointed. With not many takers due to the warm winter, their sales in the 40 kiosks near the police barracks have dropped significantly as compared to last year. Sommu, a Tibetan businesswoman, said, \"Sales are almost 50 per cent less as compared to last year as it's not at all cold. We hope things will improve by next month.\"Tashi Namgyal, another stall-owner said, \"Only those opting to go out of the city to the cold North or those coming from the surrounding towns and villages are buying warm clothes. Denizens of Vizag however aren't much interested in buying woolens as they don't need warm clothes or jackets in this weather when the days are warm and the nights are just cool.\"The meteorological department now predicts that Vizagites may have to wait till mid-January to enjoy the cold weather. Assistant Met officer Achyut Rao, said, \"The lowest temperature recorded so far this season was on December 20 and on Christmas eve. On both these days, the minimum temperature was 16.6 degree Celsius. We expect January to be colder with the mercury dipping to around 12-13 degree Celsius.\"\"In 2012 January, the lowest temperature of last season was recorded at 11.2 degrees. Northerly cold currents are blowing over the area and further fall in temperature is indicated. Also, the mercury has already dipped considerably in the tribal areas and villages located in higher altitudes. Though we have no observatory in these areas, but cold waves had been prevailing with the mercury touching 8-10 degree Celsius in these areas,\" he said.So, for Vizagites, it's a long wait till around Sankranti when they can hope to flaunt their bright and stylish winter-wear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17762893", "title": "Efforts on to arrest accused in molestation case: Gaikhangam", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur deputy chief minister Gaikhangam said on Tuesday that all-out efforts have been made to arrest NSCN (IM) leader Livingstone Anal, who allegedly molested and bashed up Manipuri film actress Khangembam Momoco. The film fraternity and civil bodies earlier relaxed the indefinite bandh they had called against Livingstone's excesses in view of Christmas.Self-styled 'Lt Col' Livingstone (40) allegedly molested and bashed up Momoco during a musical concert held at Chandel on December 18 last. He also shot at two actors, Guna Shrama and Soraisham Prakash, who tried to stop him, though they escaped unhurt.Meanwhile, an all-party meeting chaired by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh decided to constitute a delegation and visit New Delhi to apprise the central leaders about the Manipur situation. The delegation will urge the Centre to hand over the NSCN (IM) cadre to the state government.Film Forum Manipur (FFM), All Manipur Shumang Leela Council and various civil bodies said they would resume the indefinite bandh from Wednesday midnight.Incidentally, the United Naga Council (UNC) has also called a 72-hour bandh from Wednesday night in the Naga areas of Manipur in protest against \"communal attacks\", especially on the Nagas in the valley.The apex Naga body also put a ban on all Manipuri video and music CDs and cassettes, dramas and 'leela' (traditional courtyard theatre) in Naga-inhabited areas with immediate effect.On Monday, the Manipur home department declared Livingstone as wanted and announced a cash reward of Rs five lakh for his arrest and for providing information leading to his arrest. The police have already registered a case against him u/s 307/426/511/400 IPC read with section 25 (I-C) Arms Act.\"From all angles, strenuous efforts have been made to nab Livingstone. We are doing our job. A criminal is a criminal. The ministry of home affairs has already been intimated to do the needful to arrest Livingstone,\" Gaikhangam told reporters on Tuesday.Condemning Livingstone's act in the strongest terms, Gaikhangam, who also holds the home portfolio, said the crime committed by the NSCN (IM) leader is against humanity.Stating that bandhs have severely affected both the hill and valley people, Gaikhangam appealed to all concerned, particularly the UNC, not to impose any bandh or blockade.Meanwhile, the last rites of television journalist Thangjam Dwijamani who was killed while on duty in police firing were performed at his birthplace, Thangmeibandh, in Imphal West on Tuesday.Earlier, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh led a large number of people including mediapersons and the bereaved family in paying floral tribute to the mortal remains of Dwijamani at Manipur press club here amid a tearful scene. A huge procession was also taken out with his body in Imphal streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763240", "title": "Gujarat University to offer aviation course", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are a commerce or arts student, and still aspire to fly an airplane, your dream may take wings soon. Gujarat University (GU) plans to collaborate with an aviation university to allow interested students - irrespective of the streams, to pursue their dream career.GU is all set to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Electrotherm's Indus University - so far the only university in the state offering courses in commercial pilot license and aviation maintenance. The MoU will be signed during Vibrant Gujarat 2013.The MoU will also mark GU's launch of the 'multivarsity' concept, where students will be able to pursue multidisciplinary courses from various colleges at the same time. The concept is based on the virtual university model, which will make higher education accessible in remote villages.Arvind Bhandari, registrar, Gujarat University, said, \"We are considering the proposal of students being offered aviation as a part of their curriculum. It will be a multidisciplinary course on the choice-based credit system. The MoU will be signed during Vibrant Gujarat.\" As part of the MoU, students from non-science streams will be offered a bridge course before pursuing the aviation program.D P Giridhar, vice-chancellor, Indus University, said, \"Students of Gujarat University will get a chance to expand their opportunities through our course. We have submitted an expression of interest and are in the initial stages of discussions.\" The universities are likely to issue joint degrees for the course.Jagat Shah, advisor to Udisha project of commissioner of higher education, department of education, Government of Gujarat, is coordinating the MoU. \"The MoU will be signed in front of an actual aircraft out on display at the education hall during Vibrant Gujarat,\" he said. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation, Government of India's requirement is a science background in order to pursue a career in aviation but with this course, students from other streams can pursue a career in flying. The initiative of launching the multivarsity is expected to boost employment and focus on skill-based courses from the next academic year. The multivarsity model will be an open higher education model that will have a virtual entity with a complete back office. Itwill be linked to the National Knowledge Network associated with seven national programmes of education. Halls of Culture and Training (HCT) will also be set up across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762725", "title": "Homeless without shelter as NGO, MCG officials spar", "text": "GURGAON: The infighting between the NGO which runs the two night shelters in the city and certain MCG officials has resulted into a very few people availing the facilities this winter. While around 1,672 homeless stayed in these shelters in October, the number has reduced to just 437 in November. This, according to sources, is mainly due to the withdrawal of certain facilities like food, by the civic body.Unlike many other night shelters in the country, the ones run by the city municipal corporation do not provide meals for those staying there. \"We used to provide two meals a day for everyone staying at these two night shelters, located at Bhim Nagar and Kanhai village. The caterer engaged by us used to supply food charged Rs 50 per person per day. While things were moving smoothly, all of a sudden, certain officials refused to clear the bills submitted by the caterer and therefore we had to stop this facility,\" said an official of Urja Samiti, the NGO that has been running these shelters on behalf of MCG for the past two years.\"On top of it, a month ago, some officials visited the shelters and harassed a few inmates saying that the facility was not meant for them. Word soon spread among the homeless and they stopped coming here. That's why the numbers have come down. Also last year, the authorities took a lot of efforts to publicize and inform the public about these night shelters. This time, however, this effort is missing. As a result, a lot of people are unaware of the facility,\" the NGO official added.On the other hand, the authorities claimed that they haven't tightened the purse strings. \"Even though there is no separate fund allocated for the night shelter in the annual MCG budget, we have spent adequate money from the amount set aside for miscellaneous work, to purchase items like mattress and quilts. Last year was the first time we had started these shelters and therefore, we spent the needed amount, and will do so again as and when it is needed,\" said a senior official.Things, however, have started looking up after TOI brought the matter to the new municipal commissioner. \"I was not aware of these problems. But, I visited the night shelters on Saturday after things were brought to my notice. I have ordered that the process to provide meals should be started immediately and the other pending matters should be resolved at the earliest,\" said VS Dahiya, commissioner, MCG.They brave the chill to help poor &amp; needyWhen you might be getting cozy under the warm blanket with a hot cup of coffee after dinner, there are a few who choose to step out in the chill to help those in need.Charity begins at home and that's a lesson well learnt for this Gurgaon-based nutritionist who grew up seeing her parents donate as much as 10% of their income for the poor in the form of food and clothes.For Shruti Pradhan, who was brought up in Chandigarh in an army background, reaching out to help the poor has become a part of life. And continuing the tradition, she and her husband distribute woollens and blankets to the poor out on the streets each year. She also makes it a point to take her daughter along to teach her to share. Like Pradhan, a generous Gurgaon has shown in its own way to care and share for the lesser privileged to combat the severe winters.\"We are a group of friends based out in different parts of the NCR and get together with our spouses to go out during the nights to distribute woollens and blankets to those sleeping on the streets in this harsh weather. However, we have been lucky this season with the day temperatures recorded above normal which is of some relief for them,\" says Pradhan.Unlike Pradhan and her companions who distribute things for free, there is Geeta Mondol, founder of Ashish Foundation, an NGO running programmes for the autistic children and slum-dwellers in the NCR who puts up donations starting from clothes to bags to footwear to crockery up for \"sale\" starting from Rs 5 to Rs 100, for the underprivileged.\"We started with a programme called Second Choice which is a store where we put donated articles on sale for the underprivileged. The idea behind it is to give them a sense of respect that they can make a choice. When we started in April this year, only 5% of the overall donated articles was usable. People donated unclean undergarments to maggot-infested clothes which had to be discarded. However, now we can put close to 45% of those donations up for sale. We clean the useable articles while we send the torn ones to a village in Delhi where they are made in rags. We also offer a few of such for free to people at the store so they can use for cleaning,\" explains Mondol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761723", "title": "Nepalese president on six-day visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the continuing political crisis in Nepal, President Ram Baran Yadav is expected to hold talks with PM Manmohan Singh here on Wednesday. Yadav is currently on a six-day official visit to India.He is scheduled to meet President Pranab Mukherjee after his meeting with Singh. Foreign minister Salman Khurshid will also call on Yadav.\"The visit is in line with the tradition of high-level political exchange between India and Nepal,\" the foreign ministry said in a statement. Yadav had earlier been on official visit to India in January-February 2011.\"India and Nepal enjoy a special and unique relationship rooted in shared heritage, civilization, culture and extensive people-to-people relations across an open border. It has always been India's endeavour to support peace, stability and prosperity in Nepal. In this context, India is committed to continue its institutionalized cooperation and development assistance to Nepal,\" the foreign ministry said.With political parties in Nepal failing to arrive at a consensus for the formation of a national unity government, the crisis there is showing no sign of abating. In fact, there was pressure on Yadav to cancel his visit in light of the continuing stalemate but he insisted on coming, saying his visit was about bilateral relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17755147", "title": "Anurag not upset over Oscar ouster for 'Barfi!'", "text": "Even with his latest movie \"Barfi!\" out of the Oscar race, Anurag Basu is not disappointed. He feels better films have made it to the top nine .\"It's okay. I am not disappointed. All the other films are so good, so I have no complains,\" Basu said Tuesday on the sidelines of an event in Mumbai .Barfi! was India's official entry for the best foreign language film category at the 85th Academy Awards this year.The film, featuring Ranbir Kapoor as a deaf and mute boy and Priyanka Chopra as an autistic girl, is no longer in the run for the award.Of the 71 films that qualified for the Oscars from across the world, nine have been shortlisted. These will further compete to make it to the final five.The nine films are Amour ( Austria ), War Witch ( Canada ), No (Chile), A Royal Affair (Denmark), The Intouchables (France), The Deep ( Iceland ), Kon-Tiki ( Norway ), Beyond the Hills ( Romania ) and Sister ( Switzerland ).The final list will be announced Jan 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17761141", "title": "Time for Young Officers to get nostalgic", "text": "MHOW: The reunion of Young Officers (YO) course no. 64 is going on in the alma mater of all signals men, the Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) in Mhow. The present MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant along with 45 other officers had undergone this course held in 1969.The series of programmes of reunion, which commenced on Tuesday morning, will conclude on Thursday. On Tuesday, the reunion was held at Iyappa Hall, in which 26 officers and 23 women (wives of those officers) took part. The former MCTE commandant Maj Gen (Retd) BS Paintal, who used to be the commander of the Faculty of Combat Communications (FCC) that runs YO course, was the chief guest of the programme. Col Deepak Puri, senior instructor of FCC started the programme by speaking about the course and the officers who were part of this course.Thereafter, on the appeal of Lt Gen Pant, two-minute silence was observed by the gathering to pay tributes to six officers of the course who had passed away. Pant, then threw light on the old days that made his friends nostalgic.Maj Gen Manmohan Bhatia (retd), who was their instructor during the course, addressed them through video conferencing from Delhi. This was followed by the virtual (video conference) address of the SO-in-C Lt Gen SP Kochar who was also a part of this course. Kochar said that they were walking down the memory lane 39 years back.Maj Gen Paintal also addressed the gathering, following which the officers who had come to Mhow to attend the reunion from various parts of the world shared their feelings and also about their career after retirement and their families.Col Robertson and his wife sang \"Count your blessings\" and the Iyappa Hall resonated with this hymn on Christmas morning.Of the course, only two officers Lt Gen Pant and Lt Gen Kochar are serving while all others have retired. Many officers of this course have made their names in the business field at national and international arena, of which some are Col G Gopalkrishnan, Col Sukesh Behl and Col SK Robertson. A national magazine had published a cover story on businessman Col Bandopadhyay about six years back.Caption: Col G Gopalkrishnan shring his views in reunion of YO-64.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17761832", "title": "More funds for 2 Kodagu panchayats", "text": "MADIKERI: Thithimathi village panchayat in south Kodagu and Valnur Thyagathur panchayat in Somwarpet taluk have been selected for the implementation of the five-year development programmes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNEGS).A total of 10 panchayats from 9 districts have been selected. Apart from Kodagu panchayats, one each from Dakshina Kannada, Uthara Kannada, Chikmagalur, Bangalore Rural, Dharwad, Davanagere, Kolar and Bagalkot will get more funds for overall development. Preference will be given for health, education and employment.Aptha organization executive officer M C Chandan said after meeting villagers, a list of works to be undertaken will be prepared.The project includes various schemes by the Centre and the state government. A team will conduct a door-to-door survey in villages to take stock of the needs and present it in the gramsabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761765", "title": "Consumers in suburbs spared power shock", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban power consumers, mostly residential, consuming up to 300 units a month have been spared of immediate tariff burden again, and this time by the appellate tribunal for electricity (ATE).The ATE in its recent order upheld the decision of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) to levy cross-subsidy surcharge on high-end power consumers who have switched from Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) to Tata Power. These consumers, when with RInfra, would pay more to subsidize the tariff of low-end residential power consumers but their switch posed a threat of subsidy burden suddenly reflecting in bills of residential consumers. - Chittaranjan TembhekarThe ATE order said --- \"State Commission took the right approach to impose certain burden, in the form of cross subsidy surcharge being permitted by the Act, only on the migrating consumers who are the main beneficiaries of changeover in the larger interest of remaining consumers of Mumbai. Without reasonable subsidy, there is a possibility that all the consumers in RInfra may move to TPC and in that event, the monopoly of the TPC would be created. This action of imposing cross subsidy surcharge is to preserve the competition in order to promote the industry and simultaneously to protect the interest of the consumers.\"Had the ATE not held up the MERC order, immediate burden of tariff of about 50 paise per unit would have fallen on around 22 lakh residential power consumers of RInfra. The judgment reaffirms need to prevent Tata Power emerging as monopoly and thus protect healthy competition among utilities in the interest of consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767280", "title": "Pran hospitalised again, but doing fine", "text": "Veteran actor Pran is recovering well after undergoing a surgical procedure, says megastar Amitabh Bachchan .\"Pran, colleague, senior and one of the finest gentlemen of this beautiful fraternity, lies in ICU, and I visit him...prayers for him for his speedy recovery. I speak to him, masked for purposes of infection riddance, and he sees but does not recognise. He has a tracheostomy done, so cannot speak. He was in hospital a few days back and I had visited him...he seemed perfectly all right...but he has had a relapse and I wish him well...,\" Amitabh wrote on his blog.When IANS contacted Pran's son Sunil, he said his father is fine, but refused to divulge further details.\"He is in hospital now and he is doing fine now. He was hospitalised a while back,\" Pran's son Sunil told.Pran, 92, is known for his negative roles in movies like \"Brahmachari\", but later went on to expand his repertoire with films like \"Zanjeer\", \"Karz\" and \"Don\". He was admitted to the hospital last month too, but was later discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "17760961", "title": "P Chidambaram to inaugurate central scheme pilot project on Dec 28", "text": "WARDHA: The pilot project of implementation of various central and state government schemes using Aadhaar card will be held in Wardha on December 28. Union finance minister P Chidambaram will inaugurate the project.Wardha district has the best record in UID card distribution is concerned. More than 90% citizens have got Aadhaar cards in the district. In Seloo taluka the figure has reached is 95%. Out of 12.99 lakh people in district more than 10.80 lakh have got their UID number. And in Seloo taluka out of 1.20 lakh persons only 10,000 persons are left to get the all-important card.Wardha RDC Sunil Gadhe, said, \"The ambitious project will start from January 1, 2013, but the inauguration will held on December 28 wherein Chidambaram will be present. As many as 100 machines have been provided to the administration for carrying out the project.\"\"We have a list of 52,000 persons, who are taking the benefits of different schemes with their Aadhar cards. As many as 10 lakh people have their bank account in nationalized banks with their UID cards and all these people can take advantage of 32 central and states schemes directly. This project will discourage all middle men, legal or illegal, so that the beneficiary gets the benefit directly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765728", "title": "Karan Johar, Salman Khan new friends in tinsel town", "text": "The famous Bollywood director Karan Johar was spotted spending time with Salman Khan on more than one occasion, it has been revealed.The 40-year-old director, who is a close friend of Khan's arch rival Shah Rukh, was seen with the 46-year-old actor at the premiere of 'Dabangg 2' and also at the after-party.\"Karan stuck like glue to Salman,\" the source said.\"They remained inseparable throughout. It was shocking for many guests at the party considering that Karan is known to be a close friend of Salman\"s archrival Shah Rukh Khan ,\" the source said.Johar was also said to be present after the party was over.\"So much that Salman too at one point of time was wondering why KJo was being so friendly,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762388", "title": "HSRPs from January 15; pact to be signed today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Installation of High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) will finally begin from January 15 as the pending agreement with the private company will be signed by UT administration on Wednesday. The issue has been hanging fire for several months.As neighbouring states have been installing HSRPs even as the process was stalled in UT last year, some city residents have been getting number plates installed in Panchkula.But now, a Delhi-based company will open three outlets in the city for installing the tamper-proof plates at the offices of Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) and an amount of Rs 2 crore has been installed as performance fee.However, registration of new vehicles in the city is getting delayed due to a perennial problem with the printers installed at the RLA. pendency of issuance of new registration copies (RCs) has been growing in recent months.The HSRP will be installed as per the original norms finalized in 2011 and already registered vehicles will be given a period of 2 years to get their ordinary plates replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766864", "title": "'Odd Couple' star Jack Klugman dies", "text": "US actor Jack Klugman , best known for his role in the television series \"The Odd Couple\", died Tuesday at his home in Northridge, California, his lawyer said. He was 90.Klugman won two Emmys for his performance in the 1970-75 comedy about two recently divorced men sharing an apartment, adding to the one he picked up a decade earlier for his guest-starring role in an episode of \"The Defenders\".Born April, 22, 1922, in Philadelphia to Russian immigrants, Jacob Joachim Klugman studied acting at Carnegie Tech, now Carnegie-Mellon University , before serving with the US Army in World War II.Klugman began as a stage actor and remain engaged with live theater throughout his career.Besides his work in \"The Odd Couple\" and the 1976-83 series \"Quincy, M.E.\", Klugman appeared in a number of films, including the court drama \"Twelve Angry Men\".Klugman is survived by his second wife, Peggy Crosby, and sons Adam and David.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17760824", "title": "CRPF jawan fires at mates, kills four", "text": "RAIPUR: A Central Reserve Police Force trooper, said to be under stress, fired indiscriminately at his colleagues inside a camp in Dantewada, Chhattisgarh, killing four of them on the spot on Monday night after a brawl. Thirty-year-old Deep Kumar Tiwari, posted at the 111th battalion of CRPF in Aranpur village, a Naxal dominated area, flew into rage on being challenged by his camp-mates, grabbed a gun, and sprayed a head constable and three other constables with bullets. One trooper was wounded in the firing.\"The shooting occurred on Monday night inside the camp of 111 CRPF Battalion in Aranpur area of Naxal-dominated district, when the constable, Deep Kumar Tiwari, opened fire,\" said Dantewada SP Narendra Khare. It's possible that the jawans were sleeping when Tiwari barged in, woke them up, and got into a fight before riddling four of his colleagues with bullets, said a police source.At least 11 instances of fragging (killing another member of the same fighting squad) have been reported from paramilitary and army units in various insurgency affected areas in the country over the last one year.The dead were identified as head constable Chandan Singh (45) from Gujarat, constables Ramesh Kumar (29) from Haryana, Purushottam Lal Sahu (29) from Raipur, and Anirudh Ramprasad (24) from UP. The injured head constable Sunil Sawant is being treated at Jagdalpur Medical College after primary treatment at Dantewada district hospital. SP Khare said the accused constable Tiwari, who is from Lucknow, has been arrested and will be produced before a court on Wednesday.CRPF Inspector General Zulfiqar Hasan said an inquiry has been ordered. Preliminary investigation suggested that Tiwari was under stress and SP Khare said he may even have had \"mental problems\". The injured trooper was identified as head constable Sunil Sawant from Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17761440", "title": "Behram Irani's presence enriched cricket", "text": "Every morning, at around 7.30 am, a red Java motorbike would enter the Bombay House Street. The rider, after parking it, would slide down his right hand over the seat as if to thank it for taking care of him .For years and decades, that was his routine. Once his boss saw him trying hard to kick-start it. It had been 35 years since he had been using the bike. He was past 65 now and seeing this, the company bought him a scooter. But he did not like it, as he felt like a sissy on the streets.The red Java bike and his love for it, defines Behram Irani as a person: consistent, persistent, reliable and honest. Unlike a Parsi, his take on life was serious. Mehli Irani, his Bombay school teammate from 1941, says, \"Forget laughing, to make him smile was impossible\". Behram was a tenacious cricketer and was reliable with the bat, ball or in the field. Nari Contractor, who played with him for Tatas and Parsi Cyclist remembers, \"He was a very good medium pacer. A bad wicket and nine out of ten times he would run through the opposition.\"Contractor narrates an incident from a match when they were bundled out for 70 against a strong Dadar Union team. Behram and Govadia got them out for 38. \"The special thing with Behram was that he hardly faltered in line and length. He would take defeat to heart. He never cursed anyone. \"Unlike many others, who could be good only on treacherous wickets in the Kanga League, Behram, fondly called Barma, not only created a record of capturing 743 wickets in the tourney, but he was very effective on good tracks too.For many, the Kanga League was just about enjoying cricket in the rain, but not for Behram. He wanted to win every match. He would be punctual and the way he played showed how much the game meant to him.Mehli Irani remembers one match against Shivaji Park when Behram bowled superbly till lunch and Shivaji Park had lost their main batsmen. But Behram was so keen to get them out that he refused to join the team for lunch.Says Mehli, \"When we returned, we found Behram fast asleep. I think he was recharging his concentration power. I told Govadia and others, 'Looks like he is gone. Let's pay our last respects to the departed soul'. On hearing this, Behram hastily ran out to prepare himself. The post-lunch session saw him run through the side and we won the match\". Rusi Surti, endorses Mehli Irani's comments, \"He would bowl off cutters in long spells playing for Tatas.\"Milind Rege was much junior to him at TISCO. \"Behram was a fierce competitor on the field. He was my senior, but made me comfortable and in him I had someone to confide in. He had so much goodwill that he was the most respected man in the office. From the great JRD Tata and Ratan Tata, everyone else held Behram in very high esteem. The first to come to office at 7.30 and the last to leave, he never retired from Tata Steel. He was an asset and worked till he left us at 74. We miss you Behram.\"Integrity, humbleness and politeness are what people think of when they think of Behram. He often silently relived the memory of scoring a 132 for Indian Starlets against the Old Timers at Karachi in 1959. Rege deconstructs the person behind the serious man. \"I often caught him in front of the office toilet mirror doffing his cap saying 'well played Behram'\".The game of cricket was clearly what kept him going. It led him on throughout his life just as he enriched the game with his presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17763606", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University gears up for youth festival", "text": "SURAT: Close to 1,500 students from 30 universities in western Indian states will participate in the five-day 28{+t}{+h} West Zone Inter University Youth Festival starting at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) from Thursday.A group of 40 students, who are winners of the youth festivals in their respective universities, will participate.They will take part in 25 different competitions such as one act play, singing, dancing, photography, instrumental music, rangoli and poster making, painting, clay modeling, cartoon making, debate, quiz and elocution competitions.The winners in the zonal fest will participate in the national inter university youth festival which is likely to be held in Kolkata in January.\"University with maximum winners will be announced as champion university while the winning students will get opportunity to participate in the national inter university competition,\" said Kapildev Shukla, coordinator of the fest.Dilip Joshi of Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma fame will inaugurate the festival on Thursday at VNSUG convention hall along with his co-actress in the serial Disha Vakani. \"The varsity will be organizing the zonal event on a huge scale for the first time and it is an honour for us. Through the event, students from different states will get to learn each other's culture and develop national spirit,\" VNSGU vice-chancellor Dakshesh Thakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762188", "title": "Fire service staff sent on snake hunt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Service personnel were sent on a snake hunt in Arumbakkam and Red Hills on Tuesday but without luck.TNFRS staff received calls from residents of Arumbakkam and Red Hills, with complaints of snakes having entered their houses. \"In both the areas, residents panicked as they had seen a snake enter a house. However, our officials, after several hours of searching did not find anything,\" said a TNFRS official.Officials said this was the time of the year when they received the most number of calls relating to snakes. \"Most calls are received from suburban areas of the city,\" said the official.The fire services department on an average receives about 19,000 rescue calls that are not related to fire, every year. In 2011, 1,566 people lost their lives due to non-fire rescue services while 2,701 lives were saved, across the state.About 20,000 calls related to fire are received on an average every year. In 2011, the state has lost about 26.75 crore worth of property due to fires. However, in the same period, the department has managed to save more than 300 crores of property. While 38 people have also lost their lives in fire accidents, 144 have been saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17763707", "title": "Rs 10 lakh for thematic park", "text": "CHHAPRA: The state government has released a sum of Rs 10 lakh for the acquisition of land for the proposed \"Thematic Park\", where models of 26 world's cultural trust will be installed for the knowledge of the next generation.Talking to newsmen at the local circuit house, the minister of sports, arts, culture and youth affairs, Ms Sukhda Pandey, who was on way to village Lauan Kala under Baniapur police station area of this district to distribute prizes to the State Volley Ball Championship, said here on Monday, \"The government has planned to develop Chirand (10km east of Chhapra) as the place has been archeologically important adding that all such places of the state would be preserved. She further said the government will spend Rs 3 crore over preservation and renovation of all such places in the state.Ms Pandey said the government has also decided to renovate all big stadium of the state including the local Rajendra Stadium and a sum of Rs one crore has been sanctioned for this work.\"She also said that Chhapra would get a museum and Rs 3 crore has been released to the district administration for the work.Besides five stadia under construction in this district one more stadium has been sanctioned for Taraiya in this district. She informed that the government has decided to celebrate 126th birth anniversary of Lok Kalakar Bhikhari Thakur in December next year.She further said the government is keen to celebrate the establishment day of all the districts with fun and fervor and a sum of Rs 3 lakh have been sent to the districts but deplored its non-organization in Saran district.Considering the importance of sports in the development of the human resource, the government has been encouraging organization of district, state and national level sports in the state, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761741", "title": "Holiday crowds spread cheer in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Christmas day brought cheer to the Old City with historic monuments and museums registering heavy footfall after more than a month of tension and clashes between police and local residents saw places like the Charminar out of bounds for days.Traffic came to a halt for half-an-hour when tourists from across the country made a beeline for buying tickets at Charminar. Beaming officials of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) said the 400-year old monument witnessed a spurt in the number of tourists in the last three days with 7,000 per day as against a meagre 3,000 per day after November 16, which saw biggest clashes in the area.Tension over expansion of the Bhagyalakshmi temple abutting the Charminar resulted in huge protests with police firing tear gas shells, stopping people from marching towards the structure and also shutting down shops and putting up barricades, specially during Friday prayers.On Tuesday, officials opened the gates of all four minarets instead of the usual northeast entrance to allow visitors who were swarming from early morning. \"The increase in the number of tourists means that the days of violence are over. Hopefully we will see more foreigners in the coming weeks,\" said a relieved ASI official.\"My family was aware of the tension in Hyderabad which is why we had to postpone our trip twice. It is good that everything is normal now. There is a lot of rush as we have been standing in the queue to climb to the top for about 20 minutes,\" Ravi Kiran, a visitor from Bangalore said.The Salar Jung Museum too recorded an increase in the number of visitors. According to officials, more than 13,000 tourists have visited the museum everyday since Sunday as against around 4,000 on regular weekdays.Eateries remained packed till late in the evening even as people bought jewellery from the gold and silver markets of Gulzar Houz and Pathergatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17760813", "title": "1,500-year-old Shiva temple found in Gondia", "text": "BHANDARA: A 1,500-year-old Shiva temple of Wakatak dynasty, has been found at Shenda village in Sadak Arjuni in Gondia by Eastern Vidarbha archaeologist Dr Manohar Naranje during his visit to Shenda last week.The temple is built with bricks and the Shiva lingam is carved out of granite stone.Naranje said that the Vakatak dynasty, which ruled from AD250 to AD550 with its capital at Padmpur in Amgaon, was the follower of Shaiva sect. There are two more temples of Lord Shiva built by Vakatak rulers in Nagra near Gondia and Shashikarna near Duggipar, said Naranje.This is the third temple found in Shenda. In 2004, Ganesh Mahule, a farmer, found a huge Shivalinga in his agricultural field. When Naranje visited the village, he found the ancient temple built in bricks, though in dilapidated condition, it's structure being the evidence of Vakatak architecture.Carved out of faint yellow granite stone, the Shiva linga inside the sanctum sanctorum is 52cm in height and is situated on a platform of 34cm length and 34cm breadth.During the expedition, Naranje also found engravings of Bramhsutra made according to old scriptures.There are other archaeological sites in 50 to 100 acres of agriculture land as well.The researher also found a well created during the same period. The 75cm diameter well is built with earthen rings. The well was full of water and 25 earthen rings are still visible as one peeps through it. There were two more ring wells in the village, but they have been closed now, he said.Shenda is a tribal village, but at the time of Wakatak period, it was a city of farmers and wealthy people. There is another temple of Lord Shiva at the bottom of Sasekaran hillock, also built by Wakatak rulers.Fortunately, Shenda villagers preserved the ancient temple so it could be available for researchers. In his expedition, Naranje was accompanied by engineering student Viswas Bhoskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17763629", "title": "3 students die as bike rams truck", "text": "BANGALORE: Three youths were killed after the motorcycle they were riding hit a stationary BBMP garbage lorry near Meenakshi Mall on Hulimavu Lake double road late on Monday night.Two of the victims were engineering students, while the third one was studying in a B-school. The trio, all from Himachal Pradesh, was staying at an accommodation in Hulimavu.\"The entire stretch of the double road is not properly lit. The trio was riding on the wrong lane when their speeding motorcycle hit the lorry around 11.30 pm. They might not have noticed the parked lorry,\" a police officer said.Police sources said the lorry also did not have its tail lights on. Atul Kumar Sharma, 21, III semester student of City In stitute of Engineering in Banashankari and his friend Aslam, 20, II semester student of Nobel School of Management in JP Nagar, were killed on the spot.Passersby took the third victim, Vinay Kumar Thakur, 22 a student of Indian Institute of Electronics and Telecommuni cation on Bellary Road, to Nimhans where he succumbed to injuries later, police said.With all the three youths dead, police are clueless on who was riding the bike and where the trio was headed. \"We are checking with the trio's friends but they are not certain where they were headed to. One of them said they were going to wards their room in Hulimavu,\" the police officer said.BODIES TO BE FLOWN TO SHIMLAThe victims, all in their early 20s, were from Himachal Pradesh. Atul Kumar Sharma was 21, Aslam, 20, and Vinay Kumar Thakur, 22. Parents of the youths have been informed of the accident. A relative has requested the police to allow him to take the bodies to Shimla as the parents could not get tickets to come to the city. \"The bodies will be flown to their native place,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762867", "title": "Implement Sachar report, says vice-chancellor", "text": "PUNE: Supporting the recommendations made by Justice Rajinder Sachar Committee, University of Pune vice-chancellor W N Gade said that any effort to cut off the Muslim community from the process of national development should be combated strongly.Gade released a book titled \"Sachar Ki Sifarishein\", written by Pune's additional commissioner of police Abdur Rahman. The event was held at the assembly hall of Azam Campus.\"The Centre should be proactive in implementing the Sachar report. There are deliberate efforts to cut off the Muslim community from the national development process. This is affecting the overall progress of the community. We as a nation should deal strongly with the divisive forces involved in alienation of the Muslim community and ensure that the community gets benefits of development,\" said Gade. He said elected representatives should take extra efforts to ensure that the Union government implements the recommendations.Rahman, the writer of the book, explained his objective in writing the book saying, \"This is an effort to create greater awareness about the pathetic socio-economic condition of the community and to provide them a platform to know their weaknesses and improve on the same. Development of the community leads to the development of the nation.\"Pune Cantonment MLA Ramesh Bagwe said, \"It is a fact that there are systems working to keep the Muslim community away from the flow of development. Also the community is denied political participation, which is a vital aspect of democracy. There is a need to enlighten the community about its rights and its role in national development.\"Senior police officials, including joint commissioner (law and order) Sajeev Singhal, additional commissioner (north region) Suresh Kumar Mekala, DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare, DCP (zone II) Ramnath Pokale and other officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17763870", "title": "Rourkela-capital air links snapped", "text": "ROURKELA: The much-publicized air service to the steel city from the state capital by Air Odisha, a private air service operator, is not in operation for nearly two weeks. Several problems are cited for discontinuance of the air service, including non-availability of required number of passengers. The Air Odisha authorities, however, exuded confidence to resume the air service shortly.According to sources, Rourkela, which is also termed as industrial capital of the state, had been struggling to have air connectivity from the beginning. Although, several air services had been introduced from here connecting cities like Bhubaneswar and Kolkata, these were discontinued by the service providers on one pretext or the other. And residents of the steel city continued to wait for regular air connectivity, which they believed is quite essential for growth of the city.Accordingly, when Air Odisha announced to start air service from here connecting Bhubaneswar, Jharsuguda and Raipur about one-and-a-half months back, the proposal received wide appreciation from different quarters. The Air Odisha had launched its service on November 2. But the flight service continued in a half-hazard manner before being withdrawn on December 2. The sudden grounding of the flight service was shocking for residents of the city in general and businessmen in particular.\"It is disappointing that the flight service, which had started after a lot of persuasions, has been withdrawn,\" said Mahesh Vajir, president of Rourkela Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( RCCI). \"Since the Air Odisha authorities have promised us to resume the air service from December 29 with a changed route and new time schedule, we only hope that there will be uninterrupted flight service this time,\" Vajir added.The Air Odisha management cited teething troubles for grounding of the service, but claimed to come back strongly. \"As per feedback from our prospective passengers, we have changed the route and timing of our flight,\" said Santosh Pani, director of Air Odisha.\"From December 29, the flight will operate on Kolkata - Rourkela - Jharsguda - Bhubaneswar route in the morning and vice versa in the afternoon. Instead of daily flights, the service this time will be only for three days a week,\" added Pani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763742", "title": "Cabinet nod for two key power sector proposals", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Monday gave its approval for the creation of Bihar Grid Company Ltd for which an agreement would be signed between the Bihar State Power (Holding) Company Ltd or its associate company and Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL), in a bid to strengthen the power transmission system in the state.Giving this information after the cabinet meeting, principal secretary, cabinet coordination, Vijoy Prakash, said the decision to set up such a company was recently taken at a meeting to review different transmission projects in the state. The new company would function on build, own and operate (BOO) basis for strengthening the power transmission system in the state. An efficient power transmission system is expected to enhance power availability in the state, he said.The cabinet also approved a proposal to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Sutlej Hydro Power Corporation, a joint venture of Himachal Pradesh government and the Union government, for transfer of Buxar thermal power project at Chausa to it from the Buxar Electricity Company Private Ltd. Sutlej Hydro Power Corporation is expected to get coal linkage for this 1320MW (2X660 MW) project.Prakash said that under the MoU, Bihar would have 85% share of the power generated from Chausa project whereas Sutlej Power Corporation would get the rest 15%. The site selection and geo-technical research for the project have been done and a detailed project report has already been prepared. Airport Authority of India's clearance regarding the height of the chimney of the thermal power station and water linkage clearance from the Central Water Commission have already been taken, he said.The cabinet decided that the state government would bear the difference between the cost of solar power purchased from solar power companies and the cost of power purchased from conventional thermal power companies under the scheme \"Niche Machli Upar Bijlee\".The difference of cost would be measured on the basis of price of power purchased by the Bihar State Power (Holding) Company Ltd from a 150MW solar power firm and a 100MW conventional thermal power firm, through competitive bidding, Prakash said. This is to be done to promote solar power generation under the Renewable Energy Source Promotion Policy, he added.In some other decisions, the cabinet approved Rs 24.63 crore for the acquisition of 100 acres of land for the Gaya International Airport by providing this amount to the Infrastructure Development Authority. The Authority would transfer the developed infrastructure free to Airport Authority of India for its use.It was also decided to remove the caste \"Khatve\" from the list of extremely backward castes for the purpose of job reservation on the basis of recommendation of the Bihar Commission of Backward Classes.It also approved release of Rs 4.5 crore for bearing the cost of creation of 154 posts at the Bihar Open School Education and Examination Board.It approved the release of Rs 13 crore for the annual payment of salary to the newly-created 54 posts of Class III and Class IV for the establishment of Udakishanganj subdivisional court in Madhepura district. It also released Rs 2.5 crore for the establishment and other costs of Bihar State Human Rights Commission.Cabinet also approved Rs 24.63 crore for the acquisition of land for the Gaya International Airport. It also gave nod for release of Rs 4.5 crore for bearing the cost of creation of 154 posts at the Bihar Open School Education and Examination Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763141", "title": "Drive safely, flash copy of TOI to win prizes", "text": "RAIPUR: Being a reader of Times of India is always a rewarding experience. Not only do we bring detailed news and updates from your city, nation and the globe, we also bring out awareness campaigns about relevant issues which can be rewarding too.The Times of India brings to you, \"Win With The Times\", an initiative that gives out prizes worth lakhs. All you need to do is simply spot our teams at traffic junctions across the city and flash today's copy of The Times of India. No slogan writing, no scratching of cards, no filling up contest forms -- just winning prizes. But do remember, carrying a copy of The Times of India will not be enough, you must also be careful about following traffic rules.Our teams will be positioned across the city at key traffic intersections in a drive to give away thousands of prizes to readers, who are making the roads safe. With a population of over 1,010,087 and the registered vehicular count running into lakhs - implying that every third person owns a vehicle - congestion during peak hours is a common sight. Raipur traffic police, with a limited work force, has been doing its best to ensure smooth flow of traffic in the city and Win With The Times has joined hands with them to make safe driving a fun filled activity too!Win With The Times along with Raipur traffic police is all set to take the city by storm. So when you step out of your home, don't forget to drive safe and carry a copy of The Times of India, flash it and you could win great prizes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762437", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Cops thrashed us, claim teen protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fury of Delhiites over the Munirka bus gang rape shows no signs of abating. A few female protesters, mostly teenagers who claim they were detained at Parliament Street police station on Tuesday, alleged they were unsafe even in the company of law enforcers.With fear writ large on their faces, more than a dozen women complained they were thrashed by police.\"We were protesting at Jantar Mantar when a few girls came asking for help. Their friends were being dragged away by cops,\" said Usha Saxena, a woman who claims she was detained. \"We rushed to help them and we were also pulled away. Inside the police station, we were beaten up by police.\" Saxena said her daughter was dragged by the hair and badly beaten up by police. The group of protesters said they were detained when they decided to carry out a peaceful march from Jantar Mantar to Parliament Street.Police confirmed they detained 17 women and girls and five men at Parliament Street police station for about 45 minutes under Section 65 of the Delhi Police Act. \"We initially detained 13 girls and four were detained later. They were allowed to go after their details were noted down and they had given an undertaking,\" an officer said.Meanwhile, protesters at Jantar Mantar said that their movement against atrocities on women is being gradually sidelined by the government in favour of other issues. They said there was a deliberate attempt to discourage people from protesting peacefully by restricting their mobility. These individuals said they are saddened by the death of constable Subhash Chand Tomar but that will not stop them from demanding reform or protesting against 'Nirbhaya's gang rape. On Tuesday, several groups came to Jantar Mantar but their movements were restricted and they felt anxious about how the movement was shaping up. \"People are being given a small space in Jantar Mantar that is barricaded on both sides. Protesters are not even allowed to march nonviolently. India Gate is now out of bounds. Nor are we allowed to go to Connaught Place for purpose of protest. The protest has clearly been hijacked by political groups such as Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, National Students Union of India, Aam Aadmi Party and Baba Ramdev,\" Mohit, a merchant navy officer, said.Saxena felt the authorities are trying to distract people from the protest by highlighting the constable's death. \"Do not get me wrong. There is anger at the constable's death. What has happened to the real issue? We want action on sexual harassment and gang rape of the girl. The intent of the government is not clear. People like DCP Neeraj Kumar and home minister (Sushil) Shinde should keep quiet and come out with hard measures,\" she said.Several felt the government should act according to suggestions of civil rights groups. The All-India Students' Association wants a special session of Parliament to enact laws against rape and sexual violence, set up fast track courts for all sexual violence cases, implement gender sensitization at all police stations, set up a separate ward for care for rape victims and make gender equality a part of the school curriculum.\"I think there are several groups who are not sure of what they want. For instance, I heard some protesters saying police ko chudiya de do. This comment is an insult to women. There is nothing wrong with wearing bangles. Many groups are also associating sexual assault with patriotism. We are not here to talk about how women are mothers, sisters or daughters to people. I think the focus should be on sexual harassment and policing,\" Subhashini, a student of JNU, said.Some accused police of beating up nonviolent protesters on Sunday. \"We were all at India Gate on Sunday. Nonviolent protesters were beaten up very brutally by police. They also used sexist language against women. My neighbour, who is 50, has a broken ankle from the lathi-charge,\" Aakriti, a DU student, said. She added that the groups who were violent belonged to political parties.\"What is the PM talking about? He says that he understands the gravity of the case because he has three daughters. I don't think his daughters will ever face the same problems as common people,\" Anamika, another DU student, said.Many groups also came to Jantar Mantar to highlight cases of abduction and sexual assault. Navrupa and Navjit came to protest the abduction of their 11-year-old sister, Navruna, from their home in Muzzafarpur, Bihar, in September. \"We are here because we think it's time to hold the government to account for lack of security for our girls and women,\" Navjit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763281", "title": "Gold Jyotirlinga arrives at Somnath Temple", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A glittering offering of 35 kg gold set in the form of the base of Jyotirlinga arrived at the Somnath Temple, the revered Shiva temple in Saurashtra, here on Tuesday. The estimated Rs 10 crore donation has been made by a New Delhi-based businessman who wants to remain anonymous.The donation of 35 kg gold was committed by the Delhi-based man, who belongs to an illustrious business family in the national capital. The gold has been used to make the base of the Jyotirlinga, which has a circumference of 22.6 meters.Somnath Temple general manager Kamlesh Raval said that the measurements and the golden mould were prepared in Delhi by skilled goldsmiths. The final product which took almost a month to prepare arrived at Somnath.Raval said that the temple will be closed down for public from 6 pm on Thursday to 8.30 am on Friday to fit the gold base around the Jyotirlinga in the sanctum sanctorum of the temple.\"A huge procession will be carried out in the temple town on Friday marking the completion of the major renovation work in the Somnath Temple,\" said temple deputy general manager Vijaysinh Chavda.Most of the guest houses and hotels in Somnath have been booked in advance for the businessman and his family and friends who will be coming to the temple town for this function. \"A group of 250-odd family and friends of the donor are coming down to Somnath. Their family was settled in Sindh, Pakistan from where they came to Delhi after partition. They have also made similar donations in Badrinath-Kedarnath,\" said Raval.Officials said that with gold prices hovering near 31,000 per 10 grams, the donation amounts to an estimated Rs 10 crore. Workers skilled in renovating and beautifying Badrinath Temple in Uttarakhand have been roped in for the work. The work has been completed on time, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762488", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party members being framed, says Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar's death as \"unfortunate\", Aam Aadmi Party on Tuesday accused the police of fabricating evidence and rumour-mongering to implicate the political group.Hours after police officials said that AAP, Baba Ramdev and former Army chief V K Singh were responsible for inciting violence among protestors at Raisina Hill on December 23, AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal denied the charge and hit out at the police for trying to falsely implicate the group and innocent young students.\"We demand that people responsible for Tomar's death should be severely punished irrespective of whether they belong to our party or any other group. But if police deliberately tries to put a false case or spoil lives of innocent students, we will not stand for it,'' Kejriwal said. The party also denied it had stood bail for the eight people arrested so far on charges of attempt to murder.AAP member Manish Sisodia said only one of the eight arrested -- Chaman Kumar -- was a party volunteer. \"We have not stood bail for anyone. Their family members did,'' he said, adding that the case was so weak that the police was pulled up by the court for shoddy work.\"Police has no evidence about these people, whom they have arrested from different places, at different times. They were protesting peacefully for justice to the gang rape victim,\" Kejriwal said. He added that police was trying to portray that the movement became violent due to the involvement of Ramdev, Singh and AAP members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761745", "title": "New chief to take over Welfare Party of India state unit soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The central unit of the Welfare Party of India (WPI) has accepted the resignation of its AP chapter president Sultan Mohiuddin Mallick and appointed in his place Malik Moatasim Khan, former chief of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, AP and Orissa, it was learnt on Tuesday.Mallick, 70, is the editor of Geeturai, a Telugu publication and has written about 10 books. He was made the WPI state president earlier this year. Mallick, who is suffering from heart related ailments, sent his resignation to the central leadership last month citing health reasons.\"We have received his resignation and accepted it,\" Syed Qasim Rasool Ilyas, WPI general secretary told TOI on phone from Delhi.Ilyas also confirmed the nomination of Malik Moatasim Khan as state unit chief which he said would be cleared in the state council in about a week's time. Khan will set up his team and work towards the formal launching of the party. \"We would like the AP chapter of our party to open formally soon,\" he said.The state unit of the WPI which is the political face of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind was scheduled to be launched on November 25 but was put off at the last minute owing to problems concerning establishment of district and mandal level committees.According to sources, the party plans to take into its fold religious minorities, dalits, tribals and backward classes. While the idea of the new party was reasonably well received in Coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema districts it was resisted in Telangana region. The areas in Hyderabad and its surroundings presented more challenge than other places. \"There is already a Muslim party (MIM) in Hyderabad. Why should we go for another one,\" was the recurring question encountered by the WPI members, said the sources.Khan, 44, who hails from Nizamabad, is a science teacher by profession. He made his entry into Jamaat through its student wing\u00e2\u20ac\u201dStudent Islamic Organisation in 1987 and rose to become its state secretary twice and national president once. He served as the Ameer of state JIH between 2007 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761659", "title": "Molester gets 1-year jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been sent to jail for a year by a Delhi court for outraging the modesty of a woman after entering her 'jhuggi' at night when she was sleeping with her husband.Additional sessions judge (ASJ) Vijay Kumar Dahiya sentenced Delhi resident Ganju while upholding his conviction by trial court but reducing his jail term from two years to one. The court refused to let off Ganju on probation saying he does not deserve leniency as his offence \"pertains to moral turpitude\". \"In the present case, accused tried to outrage the modesty of a lady in the dead of the night and fled away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763531", "title": "Protests continue to rage", "text": "PATNA: In solidarity with the Delhi gang rape victim and demanding a slew of measures for the safety of women and to deal with crime against them, Patnaites continued their protest march on Christmas Day too.Around a hundred students of different streams of RPS Institute of Technology, Danapur, demonstrated at the Dak Bungalow crossing and staged a dharna there. Another group of protesters sat on dharna at Kargil Chowk under the banner of 'Nari Nyay Andolan'.The engineering students of the college raised slogans for fast-track trial of the cases of crime against women, and review of Sections 376 and 354 of the CrPC to plug the loopholes in law.Ritika, a student of RPS Institute of Technology, said, \"It's true that murders haven't stopped despite there being death penalty for the crime. Yet, there is no denying that the severe punishment acts as a deterrent. People give it a second thought before committing such a crime. But in case of rape, the level of punishment is nowhere commensurate with the heinous nature of the crime.\"More than half of the agitators were boys, who sat at the Dak Bungalow crossing holding placards. A maximum of the placards said, \"We want death penalty for the rape accused.\"At Kargil Chowk, a large number of agitators sat on dharna under the banner of 'Nari Nyay Andolan'. \"This is not the time to show your solidarity, this is the time to act. We are protesting to press the government to take stern action against the rape accused,\" said Ravindra Dinkar, one of those sitting on dharna.Subodh Kumar Prasad, another member of the group, said, \"We want the government to make it mandatory for every school to include sex education and martial arts in the curriculum, especially for girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17761648", "title": "Groundwater in 35 taluks in the red", "text": "BELGAUM: Digging borewells and getting electricity connection for the same will no longer be an easy task in 35 taluks, where groundwater has been overexploited. Of the 35 taluks, five are in Kolar and Chikkaballapur districts and four each in Bangalore city, Bangalore (Rural) and Belgaum districts.According to an underground water survey conducted by the mines and geology department and Central Groundwater Board, the groundwater in all these taluks has been over exploited, following the overutilization of underground water more than its recharging capacity.To control indiscriminate sinking of borewells, the state government came up with Karnataka Underwater (Development, Control and Management) Bill-2011 and constituted Karnataka Underwater Authority (KUA) in March 2012.Speaking to TOI, S S Hiremath, joint director of mines and geology department, said the department has also stopped giving certificates for availing loans from banks for digging borewells and open wells.A committee constituted under the chairmanship of deputy commissioner and four other members will implement the government notifications and guidelines in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17761769", "title": "Congress tweaks rules to hijack agricultural societies", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Armed with a small amendment to the cooperative societies' election rules, the ruling Congress party flooded the primary agriculture cooperative societies with party cadres and sympathisers. In fact, the officials too were stunned at the way the enrolment of voters was taken up in various districts. According to information, the total electorate in the societies is expected to go up by nearly 100% by the last date for confirmation.Sources said that the ruling Congress is selective in confirming the votes of its sympathizers among the existing members and wants to firm up its grip over the societies at any cost. Of the nearly 1.18 crore farmers with membership in about 2,949 primary agriculture cooperative societies (PACS) across the state, only around 38 lakh members are eligible to vote in the elections. After seeing that about 70% of the total members were being left out of the election process, the state government made an amendment to the rules to allow the existing members to get the eligibility by paying the membership amount before January 4.In addition, the government has also decided to give tenant farmers the membership and voting right in the elections by claiming majority of the active farmers are tenants. As per the original rule, only those who own agriculture land are eligible to become members of PACS. Though rewarding the tenant farmers with membership and voting right is a welcome one, the ruling party completely exploited the amendment by pushing the applications of only those of its party sympathizers.Interestingly, the local village revenue officers (VROs) are empowered to endorse the applications of tenant farmers for membership of societies. With the help of local VROs, the Congress leaders virtually hijacked the membership process in the name of tenant farmers.While the officials have already received nearly 10.5 lakh new applications, the existing governing bodies of societies would meet after January 4 to confirm the voting rights of members.Sources said that barring a few hundred applications, the authorities are likely to approve nearly 10 lakh for new membership. In addition, the governing bodies are likely to stamp their authority on giving voting right to another 20-30 lakh members of the total 80 lakh members, who have been bereft of voting right so far. As a result, the total electorate in the societies is likely to touch nearly 65-70 lakh by the end of the process.The massive enrollment is creating ripples in the cooperative bodies as the officials fear that such enrollment would see the societies ending up in political battles and make them defunct in the coming days. In fact, it took nearly three years for the state administration to streamline the tattering cooperative system thanks to funds provided by Nabard following the Vaidyanathan commission recommendations.While thousands of societies were wound up for non-performance, only 2,949 functioning societies remained after the implementation of reforms. Now, officials fear that the large-scale enrolment of new members would derail their functioning.Amidst fears that both YSR Congress and TDP are gaining ground in the rural areas, the ruling Congress took the enrolment of new voters as the only safe way to win the societies.However, this has resulted in street fights in many districts with the opposition leaders protesting the irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761913", "title": "Coimbatore is the surname for this family of 300", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Each one of us in the family has a common surname- Coimbatore,\" says CB Karthikeyan a software engineer at the family reunion of more than 150 family members at Thudiyalur. He says that this must have been attached with their names as the name of the place.Karthikeyan was participating in the family get-together of three generations of 94-year-old, T Subbalakshmi. All children, their spouses as well as their grandchildren put together a number more than 300. This is the 9{+t}{+h} time they are organising their family reunion.T Subbalakshmi, a retired teacher from a government school near Gandhipuram had 22 children out of which 17 remain. All of them have Coimbatore as their surname. \"This has been so for a long time in the family,\" she says. But for her this is one of the many reasons special for her family.\"Nowadays there are hardly any joint families. I too live with one of my sons and his grandchildren at Kovaipudur. But all of them coming together for a family get-together is an achievement,\" she says with pride. From one of her granddaughter who came all the way from Malaysia to the youngest child of the family, many of them have showed up for the get-together. C Priya Suresh, who is a special educator in Malaysia, says that they had organised the get-together on Christmas as it is a holiday and every family member could be a part of it.From kabadi to 'Murugadi', where the blindfolded participants compete to break a pot and talks on cultural values, all where done according to Subbalakshmi's wishes. Subbalakshmi who was a second grade science and history teacher says the present generation has many things to learn from the older generations. \"Unity and cultural heritage are aspects which today's generation does not know,\" she says.Even at this age she reads newspapers and books without using spectacles. She attributes this to the healthy food of those days and the long miles she used to walk to her farm everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762557", "title": "Fog disrupts rail, affects air traffic", "text": "LUDHIANA: Normal life, including rail and air traffic was disrupted as thick fog continued to envelope the city for the third successive day. The lone flight from the city was also cancelled. According to Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), \"The fog can be attributed to low temperature and clear sky. It will continue till December 28 and disappear thereafter as the western disturbances approaches. While the density of fog was comparatively less today, it will thicken again on December 26 and 27\".Meanwhile, minimum temperature was recorded at a normal 6 degree celcius maximum plummeted below normal to around 15 degrees celcius. As fog retains its grip, minimum temperature is likely to rise while maximum temperature will stay the same.Most trains to and from the city were delayed due to the fog. Railway station superintendent R K Sharma said, \"fog, which hit many states in North India, also affected arrival and departure of many trains in the city. Trains which arrived late included Amritsar Shatabdi from Delhi which was 1.40 hours late, Ludhiana Shatabdi which arrived late by 3.15 hours, Shane-Punjab which was cancelled, Malwa Express to Jammu which was late by 5.45 hours, Hapa Express which was four hours late, Dadar Express to Amritsar Express which was late by 4.30 hours and Paschim Express, late by 2.30 hours. Trains departing from Ludhiana which were delayed included Amritsar Shatabdi, which left late by 1.30 hours and Ludhiana Shatabdi, which was delayed by 30 minutes.\"The lone flight to and from the city was also cancelled due to low visibility in the wake of fog. Air India manager at Sahnewal airport, Amrik Singh said, \"The flight from Delhi was cancelled due to low visibility at the Sahnewal airport, which is why the same flight couldn't go to Delhi. We expect things to improve after DVOR at the airport starts working\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762317", "title": "New year's eve to be fog-free, warmer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though the dense fog lifted on Saturday, it came back with a vengeance on Tuesday. But officials in the meteorological department expect it will not play spoilsport on new year's eve.Going by weather conditions in the region, it is likely to drizzle on December 28 and 29 and cloudy conditions are expected to persist till the year-end. \"Overcast skies mean little or no fog. That seems to be the likely scenario though winter is full of uncertainties this time,\" pointed out Surinder Paul, director, meteorological department, Chandigarh.Fog could persist on Wednesday and Thursday with brief spells in the morning and night. Visibility will remain between 200m and 50m during foggy days. \"Even if there's no fog, winters will continue to be chilly with day temperature hovering between 13 and 15 degrees celsius,\" he said.According to the Met department, minimum temperature last December 31 was 6.2 degrees celsius. But this year, it won't be as cold as last year. If maximum temperature goes down, it would mean cold days and chilly nights.Weather experts said these variations are normal and winter will be of normal duration with the expected foggy mornings and nights.There have been several changes in temperature over the last few days, with the mercury fluctuating drastically. Over three days, maximum temperature went down by 7 degrees and up by 7 degrees.On Friday, maximum temperature was 20.7 degrees and on Saturday it came down to 13.8 degrees. Mercury jumped to 19.8 degrees on Sunday and the next day it was recorded at 21.0 degrees celsius.Minimum temperature on Friday was 6.9 degrees. On Saturday, it plummeted to 5.4 degrees. On Sunday, it was recorded at 6.2 degrees celsius and on Monday it rose to 6.6 degrees celsius. Minimum temperature recorded last new year's eve was 6.2 degree celcius. So far, it appears new year's eve will be warmer than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762848", "title": "Guwahati yet to get helpline for women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as atrocities on women increase by the day, the government and various organizations fighting for women's rights have failed to launch a helpline number in the city.A few months ago, the state was shaken by the molestation of a 20-year-old girl late at night by a mob on GS Road. After the incident, there were discussions to launch a 24-hour helpline, but till date nothing has actually been done in that direction.Although this G S Road incident brought the state government in the eye of the storm, it did not have an impact deep enough to make the administration launch a helpline number for women in distress and to address their grievances.The chairperson of the Assam State Commission for Women, Meera Barooah, said, \"We have not launched any helpline number as yet. We work in co-ordination with the police and there are police emergency numbers people can call on to file complaints.\"She said that in the wake of various atrocities on women such as witch-hunting, molestation, domestic violence, rape and trafficking, the commission was considering opening a 24x7 helpline number for redressal of women-related issues, but it can't take the decision its own as there is board which initiates action and takes up various projects.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s Mahila Morcha has a women's cell which takes necessary action whenever any incidents of atrocities on women are reported, informed Morcha president Cikimiki Talukdar. \"But we don't have any helpline number for women because only setting up a helpline number is not enough. A team is also required to be able to rush to the spot of crime whenever a complaint is received. In the next session, we may come up with a helpline number,\" she added.Law researcher and a member of Women in Governance Anjum Ara Begum too cited the same reason for not having a helpline: \"We don't have any helpline number for women because a solid infrastructure is required to start a helpline, which we don't have.\"Assam Pradesh Mahila Congress launched a helpline number some time ago, but it is not clear how the helpline functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17765740", "title": "Anand Talkies RuB delayed again", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) may not complete the Anand talkies railway under bridge (RuB) project even by revised deadline of Dec 31. Now, the project is expected to complete in January 2013.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane resumed duties on Monday after a long leave and inspected the work at the RuB. He directed the officials and contractor to ensure completion of the project by January 15, 2013. The project was approved by the Central government on January 22, 2007, under JNNURM scheme. It was to complete on March 31 this year. Due to delay, deadline was revised to December 31.Already, project's cost has increased to Rs 22 crore against the approved cost of Rs 18.28 crore. It will be interesting to see whether fresh delay increases the cost further.Many works including approach road, electrification etc are yet to complete. However, Wardhane is hopeful new deadline will be met.City engineer SS Gaikwad, estate officer DD Jambhulkar, assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney and other officials were present during inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17762290", "title": "'Game' to brush up on physics?", "text": "Online games are extremely popular nowadays. Divided into several categories like action games, adventure and fighting games, strategy and shooting games, these enable users to relax while brushing up one's knowledge.While the gaming world is fast advancing and changing with every minute, a new innovative genre of games that is fast catching the fancy of gamers in city is physics games. Offered in various categories such as adventures, races, arcades, strategic, logic, gambling and quests, these have great educational value and help improve your critical thinking, strategy skills and problem solving abilities of the gamers. Their out-of-the-box concepts and exceptional graphics make them most sought after.\"Ratings of Physics-based mobile games have gone up enormously in the last couple of months. In the first look, they seem very casual but one would realize their beauty only after a play of at least 15 minutes. Here one has to keep in mind various factors like blowing of wind, mass of the object and natural surroundings,\" said Ankit Sharma , a gaming enthusiast and a resident of Mohali.Physics games involve the actual surroundings and various elements interacting in a real-life conditions with various factors like mass, friction, gravity, volume and density influencing the actions of the gamer.To attract the masses, these games have been made very simple like hitting the marbles, cutting the ropes, throwing paper balls into a bin or hitting them to some individuals.\"Most of these Physics games can be controlled with only one finger. And keeping in mind the natural environment and physical parameters, one has to control the finger movement while playing,\" said Mohina, a BCA student at a city college.Paper TossHere gamer has to throw crumpled pieces of paper in the trash-box with a flick of his finger. Though the goal seems simple but user has to keep into consideration the direction and speed of airflow from the moving fan, while throwing.Angry Birds RioOne of the most popular games of Angry Birds series, this game involves hurling of birds by using slingshots to hit various targets. Here one has to rescue other captured birds by hitting up on the target.Cut the ropeHere one has to meticulously cut the ropes to make sure that a little creature gets its food. One has to deal with complicated ropes and there are many other hurdles like strong winds, pressure from various sides and busting of water bubbles.PollushotIt is a also a slingshot-based game where a user has to kill his enemies by hurling fire-shots by applying various science concepts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761088", "title": "FDA seizes gutka worth Rs 5L, one held", "text": "BHOPAL: Food and drug administration (FDA) inspectors seized 20-bags of gutka, worth Rs 5 lakh from the Bhopal railway station, here on Tuesday. The banned gukta was seized from a passenger coming from Jabalpur.Acting on a tip off the raid was conducted by a joint team of railway police and FDA inspectors on Monday afternoon. \"We were informed that a passenger on Jabalpur-New Delhi Shridham express was bringing the package for delivery at Bhopal,\" said an FDA official.The success on Monday is one of the biggest seizures of gutka by FDA inspectors in the state, so far. Sources said that lack of staff and infrastructure has the FDA stretched, as it finds it difficult to implement the ban on tobacco mixed gutka and pan masala across the state. \"Raids in states like Maharastra led to seizure in crores. We do not have the manpower or resources to be as effective,\" said an FDA official, seeking anonymity.Earlier in April, the state government decided to ban sale, consumption and manufacture of gutka and pan masala in the state. Some two hundred samples of tobacco mixed gukta have been tested at the FDA laboratory in Bhopal since March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761587", "title": "Raj Thackeray invited to Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s swearing-in ceremony", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray would attend Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony on Wednesday, while his cousin and Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray has not been invited for the event.\"Uddhav will not go to Gandhi Nagar. There has been no invitation from Modi for the function,'' a source close to the Shiv Sena leader said on Tuesday.Sources said Raj will fly to Gandhi Nagar in the morning and return in the evening. \"Last week Raj rang up Modi to congratulate him on his victory. Modi then invited Raj,'' another source said.Uddhav was among the first Maharashtra leaders to congratulate Modi on his victory. In a statement, he had said Modi's victory was proved that Gujarat's people had reposed their faith in his leadership and development agenda. He said Modi had kept Congress away from office for the third time and urged the Maharashtra voters to vote out the Congress-NCP from the state.Uddhav had visited Ahmedabad in 2007 to support Modi during his fast on the Narmada issue.Raj's week-long Gujarat tour in August last year had strengthened his ties with Modi. He was Modi's guest and after returning to Mumbai, Raj had praised him for his good governance and emphasis on development.Separately, the Mumbai BJP is planning to host Modi in the city sometime in February. \"It is going to be a big event for the party,'' said Mumbai BJP president Raj Purohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17766302", "title": "Kerala govt forms doctors' panel to review health report of Madani", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala government has formed an expert committee of doctors to look into the health report provided by Karnataka government on PDP leader Abdul Nasser Madani, detained in a Bangalore prison in connection with 2008 serial blasts there.Kerala government would take further steps after getting the report of the committee, chief minister Oommen Chandy told reporters to a question whether the state plans to intervene to ensure proper medical aid to Madani.\"On request, the Karnataka government had provided detailed report on the health condition of Madani recently. A committee of five doctors have been formed to examine the report\", Chandy said during a weekly cabinet briefing.Government would take further steps on the matter after getting the report, he said.Sending an all party delegation to Karnataka to take up the issue of Madani's treatment was not now under consideration of the government, Chandy said to a question.Members of both ruling Congress led UDF and CPM headed LDF opposition had raised the issue of Madani in the recently concluded assembly session.Madani, arrested in Kerala on August 17, 2010, has been lodged in the Parappana Agrahara jail in Bangalore since then. He is among 31 persons chargesheeted in the case relating to the July 2008 blasts that killed one person and left 20 others injured in Bangalore.The Karnataka high court had last month rejected his bail plea but permitted him to avail treatment in hospital of his choice under police escort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762951", "title": "Joshi urges CM to call meeting on e-way accidents", "text": "PUNE: City MLC Mohan Joshi has urged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to call an urgent high-level meeting to discuss the rising number of accidents on the Pune-Mumbai expressway.\"This year, the expressway has witnessed 129 accidents and a majority of them were fatal. In the last six years this stretch has had over 9,000 accidents. The state government needs to take steps to find out the reasons and arrange for corrective measures,\" said Joshi.Joshi has also demanded that the company in charge of road maintenance and toll collection should provide insurance cover to accident victims.The expressway has definitely been one of the most time-saving options while travelling between Pune and Mumbai, but there are growing concerns regarding the increasing accidents here.An analysis of the accidents, as conducted by former principal secretary of the transport department Ramanath Jha, revealed that 56% of the mishaps take place during the night. During the day, the mishap-prone hour has been between 6 and 7 am. This, according to Jha's analysis, is due to fatigue experienced by drivers. Thirty-three per cent of mishaps take place between 1 and 5 am, while 23% happen between 12 noon and 4 pm.Some spots on the 90-km expressway are more accident-prone. Going by the statistics, the kilometre distance (46 to 49) in the Khandala ghat section and the kilometre distance 80 to 81, which is just a few kilometres away from the Urse toll post, is more accident-prone.Well-known Marathi film and theatre personalities, Anand Abhyankar (50) and Akshay Pendse (33), were killed when a speeding truck crashed into their car after crossing a road divider on the Pune-Mumbai expressway at Baur village late on Sunday night. Pendse's two-year-old son, Pratyush, was also killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762536", "title": "Minors held for attempting theft at IPS officer's house", "text": "JAIPUR: Three minors -aged between 10 and 14 years - sneaked into the house of an IPS officer to commit theft in Malivya Nagar's Moji Colony area on Monday afternoon. One of the teenagers was picked up from the spot, while two others were rounded up on Tuesday.The IPS officer Vipul Chaturvedi is currently deputed in South Sudan on a UN mission. According to police, three minors had gained entry into the house after breaking open the lock on rear door of the house. They started searching for valuables in the almirah when the domestic help Mishri Lal heard noises while coming out of one of the rooms.Mishri Lal entered the room and found the three teenagers. He managed to catch hold of the 14-year old boy, while two others escaped. Police quizzed the arrested teenager who divulged the name of his two friends - one 12-year-old and the other was 10 years of age.The police traced the two teenagers on Tuesday. \"All the three have past record of thefts. They were produced before a court and sent to a juvenile reform centre,\" said the officer.The trio had conducted a recee of the house. However, they were unaware that it belonged to a police officer. They had seen only a domestic help and the officer's elderly mother in the house while conducting the recee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761871", "title": "Heighten police patrol, keep eve-teasers at bay", "text": "MYSORE: Eve-teasing has become rampant across the length and breadth of the city, making it scary for women to go to certain places alone.Eve-teasing has become a common thing near colleges, women's hostels, Chamundi Hills and theatres. Lack of security and police patrolling has made it easy for eve-teasers to pass lewd comments at women. Not only this, men even touch women.Bindu Yadava, a student of University of Mysore, said like college students, middle-aged men are also at it. \"They follow us. It will be very scary for us to walk in campus late in the evening. Being in a group also may not help,\" she added.Homemaker Rashmi H S recalls a bitter experience that she had during a visit to KSOU. An auto driver pulled his trousers down and passed lewd comments. She wants police to patrol in civil dress and punish those who misbehave with women. \"I have heard that such below-the-belt gestures are regular near women's hostels,\" she added.Such incidents have increased near JSS Women's College and Maharani's College. According to girl students and women who have gone through such ordeal, passersby remain mute spectators. \"They do not beat up the eve-teaser or at least shout at him. They act as if they had not seen anything,\" girls complain.Theatres and other places where many men gather have also proved a nightmare for women. \"A man repeatedly touched my back while I stood in a queue to buy tickets along with my cousins,\" said a young lady.Chamundi Hills is another place where women fear to tread in the evening. According to them, a group of men intercepts their vehicles and make vulgar gestures at them. \"So we have stopped going to the hills in the evening. Police patrolling there has not helped either,\" Nithya said.\"Police patrolling must increase keep eve-teasers at bay. All, public must not be mute spectators during such incidents,\" is the common demand of harassed women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763746", "title": "Puri mutt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s grand feast on Byanjan Dwadasi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thirty varieties of rice, 21 kinds of dal, 13 forms of kheer, 103 vegetarian curries, 141 forms of pickles, and the list goes on.A total of 606 types of sumptuous vegetarian delicacies were served to saints, seers and citizens at Radha Shyam mutt in Puri on the occasion of Byanjan Dwadasi on Tuesday.Byanjan Dwadasi is observed as a sacred day to offer palatable prasad to Lord Krishna. \"To commemorate the day, we cook a huge number of delicacies every year,\" said Subal Chanran Dash, the seer (mahant) of the mutt.It took around 14 hours to complete the preparation of the 606 varieties. The cooking started on Monday afternoon and was complete on Tuesday morning. Dash was the chief cook.\"We engaged 30 men for cooking. The dishes comprised the traditional cuisine of Odisha and those of some other states as well,\" the seer said.\"During my religious tours across the country, I learnt the art of cooking traditional dishes of different places. But we focused more on Odia cuisine,\" Dash said.This is not the first time the mutt prepared a wide range of food. Last year, the mutt had prepared nearly 500 types of dishes. \"Every year, we try to add new food items on the sacred day. Though we have been celebrating Byanjan Dwadasi for many years, the preparation of abundant number of delicious food for devotees started a few years ago. Devotees from different parts have been extending their financial support for the smooth conduct of the grand feast,\" Dash said.The mutt authorities served huge round-shaped khali patra (leaves on which food is served) for 606 varieties of food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763029", "title": "Gold ornaments stolen", "text": "AURANGABAD: In a series of house break-ins across the city in the for past few days, one more was committed by unidentified accused in Jawahar Colony on early Tuesday where thieves fled with gold ornaments weighing 110 gm. A case was registered on late Tuesday.The Jawahar Nagar police said the complainant businessman Ajay Sriram Matekar (40) of Shivneri Apartment in Jawahar Colony had been to Pune with his family. He came to know about the theft after an acquaintance spotted the broken main door latch of the flat.He informed Matekar who rushed back to find the gold ornaments and cash totally worth Rs 3.5 lakh missing from the bedroom cupboard, added the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17763340", "title": "An artist's tryst with flea market", "text": "VADODARA: The Shukravari Bazaar in the old city area has several connoisseurs. But this artist not only went there till his health allowed him, but also encouraged his students to go to the flea market.Former dean of the faculty of fine arts professor Mahendra Pandya, 86, has been in the city since 1950 when he got admission in the sculpture department of the faculty. Pandya went on to become a teacher at the faculty and head it as its dean and eventually retired from there.But all through his journey at the faculty and even after retirement, he remained a regular visitor to the market. He has an impressive collection that includes even large items like pieces of furniture besides the usual decorative pieces and a chess set.Pandya says that his introduction to the market was accidental when he had gone there to look for a model. He vividly recalls the interestingly episode that introduced him to the market.\"We were asked to find a model who would pose for nude sketches. We asked several persons, but could not get one. I eventually sought the help of a policeman from my native Rajpipla who suggested that I should go to Fatehpura red light district and speak to some women there,\" he recalls.The woman who agreed to pose sought a lot of money and a horse coach for coming for the sessions forcing the faculty to get a woman from Mumbai, but the visits to Fatehpura introduced Pandya to the flea market. \"The market was not just about scrap. One got to see birds being sold there besides carved furniture and other good items from the houses of Parsi and Bohra communities. Potters and ironsmiths from around Vadodara came to the city to sell their goods,\" Pandya said.Pandya rues the fact that the market has today changed a lot. \"There is hardly anything interesting to buy there. Good items come up for sale only once in a while. It is not the place that it used to be,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766424", "title": "Sherlyn wishes miraculous recovery for Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "'16th December, 2012', a date that will live in infamy in Indian history as a 23-year old medical student was gang-raped, assaulted and thrown out of a moving bus. This horrendous incident has taken the country by storm, and Sherlyn Chopra extended her support to the victim by lighting a candle and saying a little prayer for her on Christmas .\"I am deeply saddened by what happened to the victim in Delhi, I am hoping for a miraculous recovery for the brave young girl. I also wish that her family has the courage to sail through the tough times,\" expressed Sherlyn. Sherlyn has decided not to celebrate Christmas this year, and the actress shared, \"I decided to wear black as a mark of protest against the absence of humanity and justice. I condemn the unlawful use of force and the way the non-violent protestors were manhandled at India Gate.\"Sherlyn has created quite a movement by making her followers conscious about the situation on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. Women safety should be on top priority according to Sherlyn and she has a few suggestions, \"Security should be tightened for public transport services and the government should be in a proactive rather than reactive mode.\"Sherlyn continues to pray for the girl along with rest of the nation and is hoping that an incident like this is dealt with severity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763072", "title": "MLA to lead protest to Anrak today", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Anrak alumina plant area is once again resembling a warzone with police authorities beefing up their presence a day ahead of the protests scheduled to be held by Congress party activists at the site on Wednesday.Despite prohibitory orders being clamped in the plant area by police, Narsipatnam Congress MLA Bolem Muthyala Papa has decided to take out a massive protest in front of the plant, giving jitters to the cops. This is the first time that a leader from the ruling Congress party has picked up the baton to fight on behalf of the plant displaced persons.The MLA has listed out nine demands on behalf of displaced persons and warned the authorities and plant management of taking up hunger strike if they failed to accept these demands. The MLA has already lodged a complaint against the Makavarapalem sub-inspector with the Assembly speaker and DGP through fax, alleging that the police were supporting the plant management by allegedly registering false cases against innocent people.Two farmers were killed when police caned them in their bid to arrest the then PRP leader Errapatrudu at the agitation camp two years ago. Later, displaced people have been agitating for fulfillment of their demands. After learning about her complaint against the cops, two police officers also visited her house to convince her but she refused to accept their explanations, sources said.The opposition termed the Congress MLA's taking up cudgels on behalf of the project displaced as political gimmickry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763237", "title": "Man held for selling fake mark sheets of other state boards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Maninagar resident has filed a complaint with Navrangpura police against the persons offering to sell mark sheets of other state boards. Working on the complaint, Navrangpura police have apprehended the suspect for questioning.Navrangpura police said that Paresh Soni, a resident of Maninagar, filed a complaint on December 20 against Bharat Lalani and other persons involved in inter-state mark sheet racket. Soni had come across an advertisement in newspaper that asked the students that failed in the board exams not to lose heart but start anew with Madhya Pradesh State Open School programme. When contacted, Lalani, the agent, told Soni that he can provide him with the mark sheet of 50 to 60 per cent marks for Rs 35,000 and more than 60 per cent for Rs 40,000.Working on the tip-off, Soni and police set up a trap and called Lalani to meet and discuss the money matters. When Lalani came to a restaurant in Navrangpura on December 22, he was deatined. He confessed that he has provided the similar bogus mark sheets to students in Ahmedabad, Bharuch, Bhuj and Anand in the last one year. Police said that Lalani will be arrested after the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760934", "title": "Man robbed at knifepoint", "text": "NAGPUR: A 46-year-old man was robbed by four miscreants at knifepoint on Suradevi Road on Monday while he was heading towards his farm. Satish Bhoyar was with acquaintances when the incident took place. The miscreants robbed Bhoyar of his mobile phone and 6,200 cash.Threatening Bhoyar and his friends with sharp weapons, the robbers snatched the valuables from Bhoyar and others before fleeing. Koradi police have registered an offence on the complaint filed by Bhoyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763214", "title": "2012 - The year of the Great Scot", "text": "Among the many great achievements in tennis during a memorable year, Andy Murray's story stands out. Having suffered immeasurably while knocking at the door of greatness since the past few years, the four-time Grand Slam finalist finally found his way into the big league as the Top Three of men's tennis turned into a Fearsome Foursome.The 25-year-old came agonizingly close to winning his nation's first Wimbledon crown since Fred Perry in 1936 before losing a thrilling final to a rejuvenated Roger Federer. However, even the Swiss Master could not stop the Scot a second time around on grass.World No. 3 Murray, who admitted later on in the season that his heartbreaking loss at Wimbledon was a turning point like no other in his career, returned to the hallowed courts just four weeks later as a new man to oust Federer for the gold medal.Murray then went on to end an excited Great Britain's 76-year wait for a men's Grand Slam as he outlasted Novak Djokovic in five draining sets to win the US Open, lifting the long curse on British tennis.The year 2012 saw four different men capture Grand Slams singles titles, with Djokovic kicking off the his season in style at Melbourne Park. Djokovic went on to reach three out of the four Grand Slams in the year but his bid to emulate American legend Donnie Budge (1938) and Rod Laver (1962 and 1969) by holding all the Grand Slams at once, was shattered by Rafael Nadal in, where else, but the French Open. The Spaniard put his name in the record books again by winning his seventh French Open title defeating Djokovic 6-4, 6-3, 2-6, 7-5 .Indian tennis made news too, but for all the wrong reasons, as the country's Olympic dream came down crumbling thanks to unnecessary ego clashes between veteran stars and the All India Tennis Association.Trouble started when Mahesh Bhupathi and his partner Rohan Bopanna - who qualified for the Games as a pair - both refused to partner Leander Paes in London. The snub didn't go down well with the Kolkatan, who threatened to opt out of the Olympics.The AITA eventually allowed the Bangalorean duo to compete as a team after much drama and name-calling, but axed them from the Indian Davis Cup team. Paes, meanwhile, hesitantly agreed to partner youngster Vishnu Vardhan after being assured of pairing up with Sania Mirza in the mixed doubles event.That promise meant Indian tennis' parent body had to break the successful partnership between Bhupathi and Mirza. Resenting having to face the humiliation of being treated as bait to pacify senior colleagues, the Hyderabadi famously lashed out at the system.Faced with one frustrating episode after another , unfortunate Indian fans can only hope the next generation of players - including the likes of Somdev Devvarman, Yuki Bhambri and Vishnu - can steer clear of said messy situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mecheri (salem)", "code": "17762976", "title": "8 killed in blast at fireworks unit in Salem district", "text": "MECHERI (SALEM): At least eight persons - five women and three children - were killed in an explosion at a fireworks unit in Parakkallur village of Mecheri panchayat in Salem district on Tuesday. Seven others, including three children, are undergoing treatment at the Salem Government Hospital for serious burn injuries.Officials said the death toll could go up as the injured were in an extremely critical condition. There were 15 persons inside the unit when it went up in flames.The deceased also include the owner of the unit, Shanthi Saravanan, 40, and her 10- year-old son, S Suriya. The other victims were employed at the unit. The children had joined their parents at work as schools were closed on the occasion of Christmas. They were sticking labels on the firecracker packets and were paid a daily wage of 60.Despite a series of accidents in fireworks units in the state in which many lives were lost, no lessons seem to have been learnt. Around three months ago, a major explosion at an unit near Sivakasi, in Virudhunagar district, had claimed 39 lives. The government had promised tighter regulation and regular checks, but there seems to be no reduction in the number of accidents.\"Three people were killed on the spot. There were about 15 workers at the unit when the blast took place. The unit has been in operation for the past 30 years and had recently applied for renewal of licence, which is still in process,\" said Salem superintendent of police Ashwin M Kotnis.According to officials, the blast occurred around 2pm at the Shanthi Saravana Fireworks unit, about 40km from Salem, when the victims were inside two thatched buildings situated on a small hillock covered with thick green foliage. The structures were razed to the ground due to the blast as an estimated 200kg of explosives were stored in the unit. It was working overtime to deliver fireworks to the nearby Bhadrakali Amman temple, where the annual festival is slated for mid-January soon after Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17763872", "title": "Koraput BJD man arrested for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcabusing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 senior cop", "text": "KORAPUT: Police arrested a BJD leader for allegedly abusing a police officer at Jeypore late on Monday. The arrested ruling party leader, identified as Bhabani Panda, is the vice chairman of Jeypore panchayat samiti.Reports said Panda reached the official quarter of SDPO (Jeypore) Mitrabhanu Mohapatra around 1 am in an inebriated condition and verbally abused the police officer. \"Few minutes after I reached home after night patrol duty, Panda came to my quarter and started misbehaving with me. He threatened me with dire consequences if I dared to take any action against him. He was heavily drunk. The police patrol vehicle reached the spot and arrested him,\" said Mohapatra.Earlier on Sunday, the SDPO had arrested Panda along with six other persons following a raid on a gambling den in the town and seized Rs 68,000. \"Panda had got a bail in the gambling case,\" the SDPO said.Police said the BJD leader has been booked under sections 294 (does any obscene act in any public place), 353 (assault, or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of IPC. \"A case has been registered against the block vice-chairman and he will be forwarded to court,\" IIC of Jeypore police station Nihar Ranjan Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761339", "title": "Govt to crack down on pharma-doctor nexus", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is all set to crack the whip on India's shameful pharma-doctor nexus.The National Development Council (NDC), led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , will meet on December 27 to discuss bringing a legislation requiring drug companies to mandatorily disclose payments made to doctors for research, consulting, lectures, travel and entertainment. Doctors involved in ghost writing to promote pharma products will also be disqualified.The official NDC document says, \"Mandated disclosure by pharmaceutical companies of the expenditure incurred on drug promotion, and penalty on the company and vetting of drug related material in continuing medical education would be considered.\"The Planning Commission says pharmaceutical marketing and aggressive promotion contributes to irrational use of drugs and therefore there is a need for a mandatory code to identify and penalize unethical promotion by pharma companies. The government will also make compulsory the use of generic names or the International Non-proprietary Name (INN), instead of brand names, at all stages of government procurement, distribution, prescription and use.\"Brand manufacturers will be encouraged to bid for government procurement, but should provide medicines in generic names,\" the document says.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said the ministry had received several complaints on this unholy pharma-doctor nexus.According to the Medical Council of India (MCI), it received 702 such complaints in 2011-12 of which 343 were referred to state medical councils. In 2010-11, MCI received 824 such complaints following which it cancelled the registration of 10 doctors and warned four others.Drug companies were recently caught red-handed writing scientific recommendations of their own products and submitting them to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) after getting them endorsed by top doctors for quicker marketing approval.Usually, scientific recommendations are submitted by experts after they have studied a drug's content. The endorsement is considered a crucial testimony that convinces the DCGI to trust the drug's effectiveness, in turn, allowing it to be launched in the market.Some of India's top medical experts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even heads of departments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from the country's most prestigious medical institutes such as PGI Chandigarh, CMC Vellore, AIIMS Delhi and St John's Medical College, Bangalore had signed recommendations for drug companies which may have been written by the companies themselves.A recent study by the Planning Commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) said the pharmaceutical industry spent more than 25% of its annual turnover on sales promotion alone as compared to a paltry 7% on research and development in 2008-09.India plans to soon introduce the 'Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices' after which the word \"safe\" cannot be used on a drug without qualification and it must be stated categorically that a medicine has no side-effects, toxic hazards or risk of addiction.The code says, \"No gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or promised to persons qualified to prescribe or supply by a pharmaceutical company. Gifts for the personal benefit of healthcare professionals (such as tickets to entertainment events) also are not be offered or provided. Companies must not organize meetings to coincide with sporting, entertainment or other leisure events. Venues that are renowned for their entertainment must not be used.\"It adds, \"Any hospitality offered to healthcare professionals must not be extended to spouses. Funding of healthcare professionals to compensate them for the time spent in attending the event is not permitted.\"Planning Commission member Syeda Hameed recently took the example of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) of the US and how it has mandated strict regulations to curb unethical promotions.These include mandated disclosure by pharmaceutical companies of the expenditure incurred on drug promotion, ghost writing in promotion of pharma products to attract disqualification of the author and penalty on the company and vetting by FDA of drug related material in CME.Times ViewIt is high time we had strict regulations governing the relationship between doctors and drug manufacturers. This newspaper has run several stories detailing how doctors are handed out freebies by pharma companies, sometimes openly and at other times in the guise of sponsoring seminars and so on. This kind of thing must be eliminated altogether. The relationship between a doctor and her patient is one of complete trust on one side and anything that tempts the other to betray that trust must be cracked down upon. All over the world there are strict regulations on this issue and India must adopt the best practices available globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762461", "title": "Red signal risky for women at night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to women's safety, the administration seems to have many loopholes to plug. One problem is traffic light points where the light turns red for as long at night as in the day. This poses a very real security risk for women on their way back from night shifts.Nothing has been done to address the issue despite discussions held in the administrator's advisory council.A section of council members suggested that lights be put on blinking mode or be manned by traffic cops late at night, especially at places where traffic slows down substantially. \"For instance, the crossing on the way to the IT Park from Sector 26 does not have much traffic but still women employees from BPOs and couples coming back from multiplexes are made to stop for one to two minutes,\" a member said. Residents face the problem in other parts of the city as well.\"I cross the light point in sectors 49 and 47 close to colony number 5 late at night and find it very scary. There is no PCR stationed there. With streetlights non functional and an abundance of notorious elements, stopping here is asking for trouble,\" says Amita, a resident of Sector 48. Mindless installation of traffic lights at every other crossing without efforts to manage traffic with underpasses and slip roads has been pointed out in several meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762480", "title": "A merry time for all", "text": "LUDHIANA: Christmas celebrations transcended religious boundaries, with city residents coming together in the perfect expression of the yuletide spirit. A large number of people prayed at churches in Kidwai Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Chaura Bazaar, Fountain Chowk, Salem Tabri and BRS Nagar. Area residents took part in the midnight mass and lit candles. Midnight mass and prayer sessions gave sublime touch to the cold December night while residents gave it warmth by greeting each other and sharing their food. Akash Thomas, 30, of Dugri said, \"After 21 days of fasting, it is the time to feast. We have invited friends and family for a bonfire. My mother and wife have been cooking delicacies like 'murruku', 'achaapam' and 'bolli' for the guests.\"Anita Paul, 34, a homemaker said, \"The Christmas platters are cooked, we have guests for lunch and dinner. We have all kinds of delicacies lined up. My daughter has baked the cake and we are all looking forward to a sumptuous treat.\"Residents had a great time together despite the chill. Manjeet Singh , 37, a businessman from BRS Nagar said, \"I have been coming to the Kalvary church for last 10 years with my family. We will have a party later.\"The thick fog notwithstanding, people thronged the church a day before Christmas. Celebrations reflected the Christmas spirit, as residents reached out to one and all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761956", "title": "Collection agent of fraudulent firm kidnapped, rescued", "text": "COIMBATORE: A collection agent of the busted online portal company was rescued by the Karumathampatti police on Monday after he was kidnapped by a four-member gang demanding a ransom amount of Rs 50 lakh on Sunday night.M Mohan, a resident of Devarayampalayam near Somanur, worked as a collection agent with Fine Future India, an online portal company that allegedly cheated investors of crores of rupees.On Sunday evening, Mohan was kidnapped by a four-member gang in a car when he was on his way back home from Sengathurai village near Sulur after meeting a friend there. The gang waylaid and kidnapped Mohan when he reached near Sengathurai - Devarayampalayam Road in his motorcycle. He was kept in confinement at Punjai Puliyampatti in Erode district by the gang.The gang demanded Rs 50 lakh as ransom amount from Mohan's family to release him. However, Mohan's younger brother M Balu, 29, approached Karumathampatti police. The gang accepted to release Mohan for a ransom amount of Rs 2 lakh and asked Balu to hand over the money near Perumanallur in Tirupur district on Monday night.Meanwhile, police laid a trap to arrest the gang members by posing as friends of Mohan and when the gang came to collect the amount, they smelt a rat and escaped. Police rescued Mohan and took him to Karumathampatti police station.According to police sources, the gang members were not investors of the fraud online company. Two special teams have been formed to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17762914", "title": "Arunachal commission for women probes witchhunting", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh State Commission for Women (APSCW) has initiated an inquiry into the alleged torture of Boisu Megu of Anpum village in Lower Dibang Valley district by locals for allegedly practising witchcraft.The commission has also sought a status report in the case from the concerned authority and demanded protection be provided to the victim, a press release informed here on Tuesday.APSCW chairperson Gumri Ringu also expressed solidarity with the demand of the National Commission for Women for amendment of the IPC and the CrPC to make rape an offence punishable by death.While condemning the recent rape cases in Doimukh and Tawang, Ringu pointed out that the accused have been released on bail as the forensic reports has not been received and the investigation officer could not file the chargesheets.She demanded that the state forensic laboratory be put in place with experts so that investigations can be completed within the given timeframe.The APSCW, meanwhile, reiterated its demand that adequate security personnel be deployed in the Capital Complex to ensure security for women.Expressing solidarity with the Delhi gang rape victim, Ringu said that the incident has once again raised concerns regarding safety and security of the girl child in the country.\"The APSCW has been pressing upon the government to set up a fast-track court to deal with such rape cases so that the trial of such heinous crimes can be completed within the time-frame,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762240", "title": "A cultural trip in search of Vedic rituals", "text": "CHENNAI: Not many dare to travel far and wide to study ancient Vedic rituals the way G Prabha did. For a clear idea about the subject, the Chennai-based Sanskrit professor first visited to places where 'Athirathram', one of the biggest 'yagas' (ritual of offerings) in the 1960s and 1970s, was held in Kerala. He spoke to senior priests who conducted it and hours of research and discussions followed.The result is \"Agnaye\", a 76-minute documentary on the role such rituals played in the country's cultural map. The documentary is in Malayalam with English sub-titles.The aim of all such rituals is the prosperity of the people at large by energizing and protecting the environment and \"Agnaye\" explores their secular side, portraying some rituals dating to nearly 6,000 years ago and mainly based on the Rig, Yajur and Saama Vedas.What makes the film special is its ability to place an ancient subject in the current context. While dealing with some of the rituals that are part of a 'yagna', it puts forward secular concepts that are relevant even today. For example, it shows how women were given importance during an 'Athirathram' (fire worship). \"The entire ritual is performed by the chief priest in the presence of his wife, showing the importance of women in ancient times,\" said Prabha, Sanskrit professor at Loyola College, Chennai.The documentary also highlights light the unity that existed among the various communities. \"A 'yaga' is performed with the help of \u00e2\u20ac\u201d carpenters, pot-makers and weavers who make the necessary articles. Brahmin priests conduct rituals, but only with others' help, reflecting the cultural co-existence,\" said Prabha, who also heads the department of oriental languages.Animal sacrifice, according to Prabha, was once part of most Vedic rituals.\"It was essential in 'Athirathram' but it was given up with the influence of Jain and Buddha religions in ancient Kerala. For a better picture, I travelled to many Jain and Buddha centres. Fortunately, animal sacrifice isn't part of rituals today. The transition to a 'yaga' without animal sacrifice shows the way our culture has adapted and accepted the changes,\" said Prabha, after a preview of his documentary on Tuesday.Produced by A V Anoop, \"Agnaye\" begins with an invocation song penned by veteran Malayalam poet Akkitham. It was shot in Thrissur, Palakkad, Bylakkuppa, Kanyakumari, Chithral, Thiruvananthapuram, Kaladi and Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765106", "title": "A Swiss welcome to the new year", "text": "This New Year's Eve, celebrate in true Swiss style with one of the best musical talents of the UAE. Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore will have the UK-born DJ Natalie Brogan, performing live at The Rooftop Party. Natalie's feet have barely touched the ground since December 2010, when she landed her dream gig at Creamfields Abu Dhabi. She joined the main stage before Above &amp; Beyond, David Guetta and Afrojack. Natalie later played at Creamfields Abu Dhabi on the main stage alongside Laidback Luke and Tiesto and opened for the aforementioned Guetta in March 2012 at Abu Dhabi with an audience of 15,000 people.Natalie is the Middle East's first hologram DJ. In 2012, she received a personal invitation to return to Manchester Midi School to inspire present-day students with a video diary of her progress.The Rooftop Party with Natalie promises to be a night to remember. With unlimited food and beverages, a breath-taking rooftop setting and a classy DJ, this should make for an enviable party mix.DJ Natalie Brogan will turn tables on Dec 31st at Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore.New Year 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "tranquebar (nagapattinam)", "code": "17760880", "title": "Back from the brink", "text": "TRANQUEBAR (NAGAPATTINAM): A day after a tsunami struck the Tamil Nadu coast on December 26, 2004, Tranquebar, an old Danish trading settlement on the east coast, south of Puducherry, was like a ghost town. At least 400 people had been killed, monumental landmarks were severely damaged and fear of another giant wave kept locals cowering in fear and far away from the sea.Now, eight years later and after a huge restoration effort, the seaside town has been given a dramatic facelift. All the old bungalows and the fort dating back hundreds of years have been rebuilt under conservation agency Intach's guidance, with funds coming in from international agencies and Danish authorities supervising the reconstruction.The Danish involvement in the town's reconstruction is because of Tranquebar's historical association with Denmark. \"Since it was a Danish colonial settlement once, NGOs in Denmark took special interest to bring it back to life and protect their heritage,\" says R Shankar, who co-ordinates the work here for Bestseller Foundation, a Denmark-based NGO. Evidence of restoration work is visible at many major buildings in the town. The Governor's Bungalow, a sparkling example of 17th century Danish architecture, was ravaged by the sea. Now the building has been renovated as a heritage hotel by an Indian firm.Besides buildings, fishermen living along the coast were also affected by the tsunami as their hutments were wiped out. Through the combined efforts of the government, rehabilitation agencies and South Indian Fishermen Federation and Society ( SIFFS), all the fishermen have now been rehabilitated and provided concrete housing a kilometer from the coast. \"We now have better lives and improved sources of livelihood,\" says Arul Karthik, a 27-year-old youth who lost his parents to the frightening, giant waves that swept through the village.The Puducherry chapter of Intach has also been involved in helping women self-help groups sell their traditional crafts in the market. Queen's Street, which was once covered with filth dragged in by the gigantic tsunami waves, now houses a private museum showcasing traditional culture and heritage of the fishermen community of Tranquebar. \"We have preserved some of the rarest items used by the fishermen here,\" says museum caretaker J Krishnamurthy with evident pride. Clearly, heritage in the town has got a helping hand.Important landmarks in Tranquebar that have been restoredFort Dansborg - Built by Danish traders in 1620, it is a good specimen of Denmark's military architecture.The land gate - The main entrance to the heritage town. Built in 1792, it leads to the King's Street, an important street during the Danish period.King's Street - Leads to the sea shore with many colonial era buildings lined up on either side of the street. Quite a few buildings still maintain their thick stucco walls, massive pillars and verandahs.Governor's Bungalow - Located on the sea shore, it is an important Danish-era building, which was lying neglected for years. It is now being used as a high-end heritage hotel.Masilamaninathar temple - The temple, believed to have been built by Pandya king Ragunath Nayak in 1305, is located on the edge of the sea, with the waves almost reaching the sanctum sanctorum. Goldsmith street - It is located on the sea coast with traditional Taragambadi (the local name for Tranquebar) houses. Most of them were completely destroyed in the tsunami and have now been restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17767811", "title": "Snowfall likely in Kashmir on New Year", "text": "SRINAGAR: If you are planning to head to the Kashmir Valley to usher in the New Year, you are most likely to be greeted by snowfall.\"There is a possibility of widespread snowfall in the Valley from December 29,\" a spokesman of the MET office said on Wednesday.The news is sure to bring smiles on the faces of holiday-makers who are camping in the Valley especially the famous ski resort of Gulmarg in North Kashmir.Light rains and snowfall are expected at isolated places in the Valley during the next 24 hours, which will end the ongoing dry spell since the onset of the 'Chillai Kalan', a 40-day harsh period of winter which began on December 21.Kashmir Valley is witnessing unusual sunny weather since the beginning of Chillai Kalan which has made days warmer than normal for this time of the year but the night temperature continues to hover several degrees below freezing point.The minimum temperature recorded in Srinagar was minus 2.9 degrees Celsius compared to yesterday's minus 1.8 degrees Celsius. The summer capital recorded the season's low of minus 4 on Sunday.The MET spokesman said Kargil in frontier region of Ladakh was the coldest place in the state with a low of minus 15.4 degrees Celsius.The nearby town of Leh, also in the cold desert of Ladakh, was freezing at a low of minus 13.8 degrees Celsius, the spokesman said.He said Gulmarg recorded a minimum of minus 7.0 degrees Celsius followed by Pahalgam (minus 6.8), Kupwara (minus 3.7), Qazigund (minus 3.2) and Kokernag (minus 2.1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763230", "title": "Back from the brink of destruction", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a tsunami struck the Tamil Nadu coast on December 26, 2004, Tranquebar, an old Danish trading settlement on the east coast, south of Puducherry, was like a ghost town. At least 400 people had been killed, monumental landmarks were severely damaged and fear of another giant wave kept locals far away from the sea.Now, eight years later and after a huge restoration effort, the seaside town has been given a dramatic facelift. All the old bungalows and the fort dating back hundreds of years have been rebuilt under conservation agency Intach's guidance, with funds coming in from international agencies and Danish authorities supervising the reconstruction.The Danish involvement in the town's reconstruction is because of Tranquebar's historical association with Denmark. \"Since it was a Danish colonial settlement once, NGOs in Denmark took special interest to bring it back to life and protect their heritage,\" says R Shankar, who co-ordinates the work here for Bestseller Foundation, a Denmark-based NGO. Evidence of restoration work is visible at many major buildings in the town. The Governor's Bungalow, a sparkling example of 17th century Danish architecture, was ravaged by the sea. Now the building has been renovated as a heritage hotel by an Indian firm.Besides buildings, fishermen living along the coast were also affected by the tsunami as their hutments were wiped out. Through the combined efforts of the government, rehabilitation agencies and South Indian Fishermen Federation and Society (SIFFS), all the fishermen have now been rehabilitated and provided concrete housing a kilometre from the coast. \"We now have better lives and improved sources of livelihood,\" says Arul Karthik, a 27-year-old youth who lost his parents to the giant waves that swept through the village.The Puducherry chapter of Intach has also been involved in helping women self-help groups sell their traditional crafts in the market. Queen's Street, which was once covered with filth dragged in by the gigantic waves, now houses a private museum showcasing traditional culture and heritage of the fishing community of Tranquebar. \"We have preserved some of the rarest items used by the fishermen here,\" says museum caretaker J Krishnamurthy with evident pride. Clearly, heritage in the town has got a helping hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati/kokrajhar", "code": "17762844", "title": "Army denies role in kidnapping of BPF activists", "text": "GUWAHATI/KOKRAJHAR: The army on Tuesday denied its involvement in the abduction and subsequent death of a Bodoland People's Front youth wing member, who, along with two other activists, were kidnapped by some men in combat uniform from Narayanpur in Assam's Baksa district on December 21.Villagers identified the dead BPF worker as Rajiv Basumatary whose body was found in the Tamulpur area on Sunday. Rajiv's colleague, Raj Kumar Rabha , was found lying at Tamulpur with serious injuries the same day. The third activist, Kwmdwn Basumatary, is still missing.Villages in the Tamulpur area erupted in protests after Raj Kumar narrated how Rajiv was killed by the kidnappers near Barpeta the day they were abducted. He also gave the details of how the abductors left him on the road thinking that he was dead.On Tuesday, Baksa DC Babul Barbaruah ordered a magisterial inquiry into the kidnapping of the trio. The chief minister's office said Barbaruah had been asked to submit a report soon.On Monday, thousands of people accompanied Rajiv's body at a rally organized by the BPF at Mushalpur. They raised slogans seeking an immediate halt to \"secret killings\" in BTC areas. They also demanded release of Kwmdwn and punishment for the guilty. The BPF, which runs the BTC, threatened a road-cum-rail blockade on December 26 if its demands are not met. The BPF is an ally of the Congress in the state.Defence spokesman Lt-Col SS Phogat ruled out the army's involvement in the kidnapping. He said the army follows standard operation procedures and carries out operations accompanied by police personnel. \"Certain groups with vested interests are opposed to the army. It is a purported attempt by these groups to tarnish the image of the army and deter security forces from carrying out effective counter-insurgency operations,\" he added.Barbaruah said, \"The situation is normal now. We have enough forces in the district to maintain law and order.\" BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary on Tuesday visited a place deep inside Amlaiguri forest in Chirang district following reports that some men in combat uniform were cremating a person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "17762526", "title": "Kids' date with magic and fun", "text": "BRS Nagar: The Lodhi Club was a dash of deep red and sparkling white as members celebrated Christmas on the premises. Chirpy children and an even chirpier Santa made the ambience come alive with joy. Parents looked on indulgently as their children had a ball with Santa.Meticulous arrangements had been made to make the celebrations memorable. More than 500 club members thoroughly enjoyed the delightful blend of music and good food. While many fun activities had been lined up for the children, the highlight of the day was a stellar performance by magician Raj Kumar. Needless to say, he kept the children engrossed.City-based dancer Abhinav and his troupe comprising 12 children jived to peppy numbers while show host Amy regaled children with witty jokes. The celebrations continued late into the night as club members enjoyed virtuoso performances. Deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari, who was the chief guest, greeted residents on the occasion. The programme concluded with a dance party in which parents and kids took to the dance floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762831", "title": "Guwahati gorges on plum cakes, star cookies, edible Santas", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dessert aficionados in the city found an excuse to take a bite of the rich goodies prepared by the various cake outlets on the occasion of Christmas.Christmas provided an opportunity to the different restaurants and recreational joints to join the festive fray and cater to the demands of the people. People were seen donning red and white Santa caps and thronging the zany joints in the city.Cake shops were decorated with Christmas trees, baubles hanging from the ceiling with stars and red ribbons. The cakes and pastries on display at the counter not only looked attractive but were scrumptious as well. The shops sold plum cakes wrapped in decorative wrappers, star cookies adorned with cute and edible Santas and rich chocolate brownies among other items.\"We have prepared special plum cakes, cookies and other cakes for Christmas. The price of the plum cakes start at Rs 300,\" said an employee at Loyans Bakery, one of the most popular cake shops in the city.Eggs-o-tic, an old cake shop, saw an increase in the number of customers on Christmas day as people thronged the shop for plum cakes and star-shaped cookies along with its usual items.Patisserie Opera, a new cake shop, seemed quite passionate to cater to the demands of people in the city. The shop, for its first Christmas, prepared around 500 cakes. With a Santa Claus greeting customers in the entrance, the shop sold plum cakes, rum cakes, special fruit cakes and star cookies.\"We get the ingredients from outside and use Belgium chocolate for all the items. The response was really good as most of the items were sold out quite early. By noon, we had sold 200 kilos of cake. We also made marzi-pan, yute log, ginger bread and handmade chocolate cakes for the day, said Maitrayee Ojha, proprietor of Patisserie Operaa, who was trained in the UK.As for restaurants and lounge bars, special events were held to mark the day. Some lounge bars even organized live performances by different bands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17763781", "title": "Kids' wishlist for Santa: A sibling &amp; dad", "text": "LONDON: Most children put a new baby brother or sister at the top of their Christmas wish list, closely followed by a request for a real-life reindeer and even asking for a 'dad', according to a UK survey. A study of 2,000 British parents found requesting a pet horse was the third most popular choice among kids, with a \"car\" making an entry at number four.Despite their material requests, the tenth most popular Christmas wish on the list was a \"dad\", The Telegraph reported. The survey found children aged three to 12 years also wanted a dog, chocolate and a stick of rock. Traditional hopes for a white Christmas were represented by a wish for \"snow\" in ninth place, with youngsters also requesting a \"house\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762809", "title": "'Couple treated the youths as their sons'", "text": "PUNE: Kamalakar Ranjeri used to introduce Dil Bahadur Tamang and Sunny Lama as his sons to everyone in the building, said Ajit Salunke, chairman of Sterling Apartments in Warje.Salunke told TOI that the Ranjeri couple did not have children of their own and treated the duo as their children.He said that Tamang, a student at a private engineering college in the city, had been staying with the couple for the last few years. Ranjeri had given him a separate room in his two-BHK flat.\"Lama had been working as their cook for five years. He used to take care of the house when the couple left for work,\" Salunke said.Two days ago, Salunke noticed Ranjeri filling water from the tap on the building premises. \"As Lama used to do this chore every day, I asked Ranjeri where he was. At the time, Ranjeri told me Lama had gone to Mumbai,\" Salunke said. \"He may have returned with the third suspect on Monday night,\" he said.Salunke said Ranjeri purchased the flat in 2005. He recently sold the flat and rented another one in Dnyaneshwar society in Warje. \"The couple had already shifted half of the household items to the rented flat. They had even started living there. Around four days ago, the couple returned to their flat in Sterling Apartments,\" Salunke said.He said the formalities of the flat's sale were carried out in his presence, as he was the chairman of the society. \"The buyer had given Ranjeri Rs 12 lakh in cash and a bank draft of Rs 13 lakh,\" Salunke said.A resident of the apartment said that the couple hardly talked to anyone in the building. \"We used to see them leave in their car in the morning and return in the evening. Sometimes they would go to Bangalore,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mecheri (salem)", "code": "17761904", "title": "8, including 2 kids, killed in blast at fireworks unit near Salem", "text": "Mecheri (Salem): At least eight persons - six women and two children - were killed in an explosion at a fireworks unit in Parakkallur of Mecheri panchayat in Salem district on Tuesday. Six others, including two children, are undergoing treatment at the Salem Government Hospital for serious burn injuries. Officials claimed that the death toll was likely to increase as the injured were in an extremely critical condition. There were 14 persons inside the unit when it went up in flames.The deceased also include the owner of the unit, Shanthi Saravanan, 40, and her 10- year-old son, S Suriya, while the others were employed at the unit. The children had joined their parents at work - since schools were closed on account of Christmas - to affix labels on the packets for a meagre daily wage of 20.Around three months ago, a major explosion at a fireworks unit near Sivakasi, in Virudhunagar district, claimed 39 lives.\"Three persons were killed on the spot. There were about 14 workers at the unit when the blast occurred. The unit has been running for the past 30 years, and it had recently applied for renewal of license, which is still in process,\" said Salem district superintendent of police Ashwin M Kotnis.According to the officials, the incident occurred around 2pm at the Shanthi Saravana Fireworks unit, about 40 km from Salem, when the victims were inside two separate thatched buildings erected on a small hillock covered with thick green foliage. Both structures were razed to the ground in the impact of the explosion as it is estimated that around 200kg of explosives were stored inside.The unit was working overtime to deliver fireworks to the nearby Bhadrakali Amman Temple, where the annual festival is slated for mid-January, soon after Pongal.The explosion occurred when the workers were manually mixing the chemicals in a traditional grinding stone which caused a spark due to friction and triggered the explosion. The deceased were identified as Shanthi Saravanan, Suriya, Sivakami Kuppusamy, 35, M Kesavan, 12,Thangam Subramanian, 35, Vijayamani (35), Deepa Kuppusamy and Easwari Kuppusamy (19). Kesavan's 11-year-old sister, M Pavithra, is battling for her life at the moment. Deepa and Easwari are sisters and their mother, Sivakami Kuppusamy, too died in the mishap.Residents of neighbouring villages were the first to reach the accident spot. They found severed body parts and human flesh strewn across the area. They claimed that they heard three blasts from the spot and there was also a mild tremor in the area forcing them to rush out of their homes.The villagers informed Mecheri police station and emergency personnel and three fire tenders from Mettur, Salem and Omallur responded to the distress call and took over the rescue operations. A case has been registered in connection with the incident and Mettur deputy superintendent of police will be in charge of the investigation.Mecheri (Salem): At least seven people including two children were killed in an explosion at a fireworks unit in Parakkallur in Mecheri panchayat in Salem district on Tuesday afternoon. Seven others including two children are presently undergoing treatment at Salem Government Hospital for serious burn injuries. Officials claimed that the death toll was likely to increase as the injured victims are in extremely critical condition.The deceased also include the owner of the cracker unit, Shanthi Saravanan, 40, and her, 10- year-old son, S Suriya, while the remaining victims hail from families of employees at the unit. The children had reportedly decided to join their parents since schools were closed on Christmas day to affix labels on the cracker packets for a meagre daily wage of Rs 20.It has been just over three months since a major explosion at a fire cracker unit claimed 39 lives near Sivakasi in Virudhunagar district.\"Three people were killed on the spot and there were about 11 workers at the accident site when the blast occurred. The unit has been running for the past 30 years and it had recently applied for renewal of license, which is still in process,\" said Salem district superintendent of police Ashwin M Kotnis.According to the officials, the incident occurred at around 2pm at Shanti Saravana Fireworks unit about 40 km from Salem, when the victims were all inside the two separate mud-tile thatched buildings erected on a small hillock covered with thick green foliage. Both structures were razed to the ground in the impact of the explosion as it is estimated that around 200 kg of explosive were stored inside as the unit was working overtime to deliver firecrackers to the nearby Bhadrakali Amman Temple where the annual festival is slated for mid-January, soon after Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767161", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Priyanka wants a re-look at women's rights", "text": "Sharing the nation's outrage over the gang-rape case in Delhi, actress Priyanka Chopra favoured a re-look into women's rights in the country while rejecting criticism that Bollywood only pays lip service to such causes.\"What happened is a heinous crime. I call for stringent punishment for the accused, but I also want the protests to be peaceful. The youth has come together for the first time. I want a re-look at women's rights in this country,\" she said.\"We live in a male-dominated society, but the attitude towards girls should change. They should be valued as much as boys,\" Priyanka added.The 30-year-old actress said that it is not fair to take aim at film personalities for championing causes in spirit only. She feels Bollywood stars are equally committed to the causes even though they are not often present in the heart of things.\"Why is Bollywood targeted always for not being there? We have our work commitments due to which we might not be at the venue of protests, but that doesn't mean we are not committed to the issue. We have also been debating about it.\"\"I don't understand why Bollywood is questioned just because it is famous,\" said Priyanka, who was in the Capital to launch UNICEF's dare to care campaign along with cricketer Irfan Pathan .Pathan, who was representing IPL team Delhi Daredevils at the event, said, \"My sympathy goes to the victim and I hope and pray she overcomes this battle. This incident is an inhuman act and a real shame. It's gruesome and I would like to see that such incidents never happen again, ever.\"Talking about the demand for capital punishment for the accused, he added, \"Strict punishment should be meted out to them. The government should ensure that swift justice is meted out to the culprits.\"The UNICEF campaign launch coincided with the nationwide rage against the incident that has rocked the Capital. \"It is a coincidence that this campaign is being launched at this time. The dare to care campaign is for adolescent girls who drop out of schools and do not complete their education,\" said Priyanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17762176", "title": "Residents blame slack police patrolling", "text": "HOWRAH: Tuesday morning's ghastly murder of a 75-year-old woman in Howrah's Dr Gangadhar Mukherjee Road has triggered panic waves in the area where a number of highrises have come up in recent times. Locals claimed that police presence in the area is not as much as it should be, given the fact that the area falls between the Foreshore Road and G T Road (South) and is a connector to the Ramkrishnapur Ghat which is used by many to commute to and from Kolkata.\"After dark, the area is frequented by snatchers, drug-addicts and petty criminals who wait to prey on people who may not be in a position to put up much resistance. They probably take advantage of the fact that the area is on the boundary between the Howrah and Shibpur police stations. This is a very busy road and many vehicles also use it as a connector between Foreshore Road and G T Road,\" said Ashok Nath, a local.According to him, there are also some parts, like the closed paper mill, which get deserted after dark. Transport vehicles are parked here illegally. \"These are the favourite haunts of miscreants. The police should increase patrolling.\"Several people use the road for morning walks as it connects the Ramkrishnapur Ghat to nearby areas. One of them noted that things can get pretty scary in the winter when there is fog and the sun rises late, particularly if there are no other morning walkers in sight. \"We use the road on a regular basis but security is lax. There should be more police presence, particularly after dark,\" said Nazra Parveen, another local.Businessman Sushil Sureka, who has been living at the highrise Vivek Vihar for nearly nine years now, said he has often passed through the area around midnight. \"Though I have never faced any problem, things aren't as safe as they should be. Police presence should certainly increase to keep miscreants at bay, particularly later in the evening. The G T Road end at Fazirbazar is also very unsafe. Snatchings are a common occurrence there. Even those who go to the market there in the evenings, get their valuables snatched,\" he said.Ajey Ranade, commissioner of police, Howrah, said action is taken whenever a complaint is received. \"We can't proceed unless we receive specific complaints. So far as patrolling goes, we do as much as our strength allows,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761654", "title": "21-year-old stabs friend to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old collegian was arrested on Monday for murdering his friend in Dahisar (W) after the two had an altercation. The accused, Alexander D'Souza, has told the police that the deceased, Ryan Gomes (21), wanted to have a physical relationship with him and got aggressive when the accused refused, leading to the murder. The police are trying to verify whether D'Souza's claims are true or if there was any other motive behind the murder.Ryan, a B Ed student at a south Mumbai college, used to reside at IC Colony in Borivli (W) with his parents and elder brother, Russell. While Russell (25) is a chartered accountant , Ryan's father, Casiano (61) is a retired executive. Casiano had bought a room at a chawl in Navagaon, Dahisar (West), for Ryan to move in once he got married. Ryan used to visit this room often.D'Souza, a final year student of BMM at a suburban college, resides at Laxman Mhatre Road in Dahisar, close to the Navagaon chawl. On Sunday, Ryan went to the chawl as his college was shut for Christmas and spent the day there. He called up his father to say that he would stay there that night and return only on Monday.\"On Monday, around 6am, Ryan called up D'Souza and asked him to come over to the room at the chawl for a chat. After half an hour, D'Souza reached the room to meet Ryan. After conversing for some time, around 7am, D'Souza has alleged that Ryan tried to touch him inappropriately. According to D'Souza, he asked Ryan to back off, but the latter sought a physical relationship with him,\" a police official said.The accused has alleged that Ryan got aggressive and the duo had a fight as the victim would not let D'Souza leave. D'Souza then grabbed a kitchen knife and stabbed Ryan in the stomach. The accused panicked on seeing blood all over the room and called up Casiano. He told the victim's father that he had just walked into the house and found Ryan injured. Casiano rushed to Navagaon and took Ryan to Bhagwati Hospital, where doctors declared him dead. A post-mortem examination was conducted and the MHB Colony police were informed.Neighbours at the Navagaon chawl told the police that D'Souza was the only person present in the house apart from Ryan since morning. The police detained D'Souza and found struggle marks on his hands, chest and face. D'Souza was booked on murder charges after Casiano pressed charges against him. The accused has admitted to the offence. but has claimed that he was only trying to defend himself and did not intend to kill Ryan.The Gomes' were mourning and were not available for comment.D'Souza has been sent to police custody till December 28. Seema Nishad, who stays in a room close to the one where the crime took place, said she had spotted the two friends at the chawl room once every week. Nishad also said she had heard the two fight on Monday but could not peek in as the door of their room was locked from inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761478", "title": "Excise dept extends deadlines, but cops crash Christmas party", "text": "MUMBAI: The excise department allowed bars to extend their closing time from 1.30am to 5am on three days (December 24, 25 &amp; 31) this season, but cops played spoilsport, rejecting all applications from bar and pub owners in the city for Christmas. On Monday and Tuesday, hoteliers said, several parties either got cancelled or curtailed, affecting both the festive fervour and the industry's revenues. They say this is for the first time in a decade that police have refused permission to extend closure timings of serving liquor during Christmas despite the excise nod.While city police commissioner Satya Pal Singh did not elaborate on why police permission was not granted to relax the deadlines on December 24 and December 25, he said deadline relaxation orders were only received for New Year's Eve. \"We have got the government's nod for relaxing the deadline on December 31st. The orders will now be issued,\" he said.Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 7,500 bars and restaurants in the city, said there was total confusion among establishment owners as police permission, expected every year, did not come in time for Christmas celebrations on December 24 and 25, which resulted in cancellations of hundreds of parties. \"This has happened for the first time in the last 10 years. Naturally this has taken a toll on business in terms of revenue. These celebrations bring profits every year for the industry,\" he said.\"The excise department on Monday gave its permission to extend timings for serving alcohol on December 24, 25 and 31, but police till date has not given an extension. The government realises how difficult it is now to market its own tourism corporation outlets, so it can very well appreciate that our members too cannot market the events,\" said Kamlesh Barrot ex-president of Hotels and Restaurants Association Western India (HRAWI).\"How can an international megapolis like Mumbai, known for its nightlife, not offer people a befitting year-end event because of the lack of regulatory will? The association (HRAWI) has been requesting every department for quite some time now to have a common time of closure extended till 3am every day, and on year-ends till 5am, without any last-minute announcements. But different departments give different timings while issuing licenses,\" said Pradip Shetty, chairman of the legal committee of HRAWI.\"The sector is suffering from the orthodox attitude of regulators. There are no efforts to help the recession-hit and terror-stricken hospitality establishments recover during festive seasons by not delaying permissions to extend deadlines. On the other hand, the unorganized sector goes scot-free,\" said Barrot.Another bar owner said on condition of anonymity, \"Such is the state of affairs that every year police permissions for staying open late into the night are handed out on the 31st itself, despite applying several days in advance. We are made to visit ACPs everyday anticipating the home department will grant permission. Even when it is finally sanctioned, the police make it further difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763912", "title": "Anti-Narcotics Cell fails public", "text": "It was in February that the city, amidst much fanfare, witnessed the launch of the Anti-Narcotics Cell. While this team was put together with the sole purpose of cracking down on the drug mafia and checking the inflow of contraband substances into Hyderabad, the cell has failed to live up to its expectations. And incidents like the one reported on Tuesday, is only a glaring example of the same. It is time that the cell stepped up its 'game' and stopped relying on the law and order wing alone to keep tabs on such illegal practices. What the police also need to do is expand their focus beyond petty peddlers and make an attempt to trace the kingpins of the drug rackets operating across the country.Related story: Cocaine haul in Andhra Pradesh ahead of New Year festivities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17767717", "title": "MOEF report claims no submergence at 154 meters", "text": "INDORE:Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation (SMHPCL) here on Tuesday has accused the Narmada Bachao Andolan of misrepresenting the report of the MOEF's committee of experts on the filling of the water level in the Maheshwar dam reservoir.The Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) team which made a tour of the project affected areas, in its findings has categorically asserted that there was no submergence of any village with water level in the Maheshwar dam reservoir reaching up to 154 meters during the recent monsoon.SMHPCL is not responsible for the flooding which took place in August 2012 as it has occurred due to monsoons.As stated by the MoEF in its report, all the six villages (where reports of damage to some houses was reported on account of flooding due to the monsoons), which were visited by the MoEF team during its recent visit to the project affected areas,- the water level on August 7, 2012, in four villages (Pathrad, Bhaigaon, Mardana and Nagaon) was found to be between 156.30 mts. to 161.15 mts, while in the remaining two villages (Sulgaon and Bhatiyan Bujurg), the water level as on August 7th this year was found to be between 154.30 mts to 159.10 mts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761748", "title": "Following Sunday mishap, Marathi theatre actors resolve to shun night travel", "text": "MUMBAI: Shocked by the death of actors Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse in a mishap on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway on Sunday, several actors from the Marathi theatre industry including those who have had a close shave on state highways, have now pledged to avoid travelling beyond Mumbai at night or early in the morning.Producers and actors said though it isn't always feasible to choose their travel time, they would try to adopt more safety measures.Actor Ramesh Bhatkar of TV serial Commander fame, who had a near fatal accident near Nagpur in 2010, said, \"I was on my way to Nagpur airport after a late-night drama show when my car met with an accident on the Chandrapur highway. I have stopped travelling at night outside Mumbai following that mishap. Sunday's accident which claimed the lives of Abhyankar and Pendse has strengthened my resolve.\"Nirmiti Sawant of Aiyya fame and her troupe had a close shave while travelling to Karad a few years ago when a loaded multi-axle truck rammed into their bus on the highway in the early hours.Veteran actor Ashok Saraf, who had met with an accident when his speeding driver tried to overtake another vehicle on a busy Pune highway some years ago, said. \"I never travel late at night and do not allow my driver to speed.\"Industry players said it is not always possible to avoid travel at night, especially when there are shows in far-flung places like Nagpur and Goa. The least one can do is ensure safety, the said. \"We employ two drivers when travelling long distances and take occasional breaks,\" said Jadhav. while on his way out of Mumbai for a show.Actor Madhura Velankar said she will start advocating safe driving in the industry. \"Such incidents are unexpected. Even if you are driving consciously, you cannot say the same about the other person. We need heightened patrolling on major highways,\" she said. adding that the industry must unite and ensure the authorities wake up to this situation.\"Cases involving celebrities get publicized but what about the thousands who die a silent death on our killer roads. Human life has to be valued,\" added an irate Bhatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763180", "title": "Kaanger Valley Academy celebrates annual function", "text": "RAIPUR: Kaanger Valley Academy celebrated its 8th annual function- Confetti-12 on Monday. The programme based on the theme 'The Mystic Beats' witnessed incarnation of cosmos and the mysteries of history and human civilization.Amitabh Jain IAS, minister (economic), High commission of India, (London) consented to be the chief guest on the occasion with chairman Swaroop Chand Jain, Lalita Jain and members of the Mahanadi Education Society.The chief guest in his speech said he was overjoyed to see the achievement of the students and that Kaanger Valley Academy has blossomed to a better institute over the years.The craft exhibition showcased beautiful art and craft work made by the students during the year. In the prize giving ceremony meritorious student achievers and toppers of various competitions held throughout the year were awarded. Anushvi Verma of the Pre-primary section was awarded the best student of the year. Amritanshu Das from the senior section was adjudged the best student of the year.Citrine house won the Gem of Gems Trophy for the Best House. Astha Agrawal and R Vaibhav received the trophy on the behalf of the house. The Palandins trophy for sports was given to Ruby house. Navdeep Ahluwalia received the trophy on behalf of the house.Amritanshu Das won the prize in eight competitions like Hindi and English debate competitions, English recitation and creative writing etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763765", "title": "Chill no dampener for Xmas spirit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The whole of Odisha congregated at the churches since midnight to celebrate Christmas , as temperatures plummeted to almost zero degrees in some places.Thousands took part in the special midnight masses at the churches and exchanged gifts throughout Tuesday.Special prayers were organized at the churches in the Odisha capital. Hundreds of people turned up at the churches in Kandhamal district from well before midnight on Monday, despite temperatures dropping to two degrees at Phulbani, the district headquarters. The minimum temperature at Daringibadi dipped to 0.5 degree Celsius, sources said.Besides the churches, many houses in Bhubaneswar wore a decorated look. Celebrations began since Monday night. Markets were full, people were busy baking cakes. Shops were flooded with shimmers and adornments such as candies, miniature Santa Clauses, bells and streamers.Residents were delighted to have the best part of the year back. \"All of us wait the entire year for this day. The atmosphere was great and everyone enjoyed to the fullest. The children were the happiest of the lot. They were dancing and singing in the school,\" said Nilesh Tirkey, a school teacher.In shopping malls and markets, men dressed as Santa Clause were spotted distributing gifts to kids. Special events were organized at several hotels, clubs and organisations for children.\"Christmas is a day when people want to forget everything and simply rejoice. This is also the day when people pray for peace and prosperity of the state, nation, and for the entire human race,\" said Santosh Diggel of St Vincent's Catholic Church.\"Christmas passed off peacefully and there was celebrations everywhere,\" district collector B.S. Punia said. \"No untoward incident was reported from anywhere in the district,\" JN Pankaj, superintendent of police (SP), kandhamal, said.Heavy police forces were deployed near the churches at Phulabani, Raikia, Barkhama, Baliguda, G. Udayagiri, Simanbadi and Gadapaur, Pankaj said. The district had witnessed the ethno-communal riots in 2007 and 2008.However, Kandhaml Kui Samaj Samanwaya Samiti ( KKSSS), a tribal outfit in the district celebrated martyr's day to mark the death anniversary of Khageswara Mallick, one of its leaders. Mallick was killed in December 25, 2007, during the riots in near Barkhama in Baliguda block.Thousands of people in Sundergarh district visited the churches and celebrated the occasion.Father Bishop John Barua of RC Church, Rourkela, said, \"The most important thing, which a man must learn from His life, is to 'excuse'. We all know that he had even excused those who crucified him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763031", "title": "Men posing as cops rob woman of ornaments", "text": "AURANGABAD: Just as the city police are gearing up for stricter vigil to check crime, conmen duped a woman out for her morning walk on Shivaji Road of her gold ornaments weighing 60 gm and valued at Rs 1.80 lakh on Tuesday morning.They claimed to be policemen. The woman learned that she had been cheated after she reached home and opened her handkerchief which was supposed to have her ornaments.The Mukundwadi police said Shaila Devidas Jawle (55) of Shivajinagar was her way home when two unidentified men waylaid her. They told her that they were CID sleuths and that there was a police check ahead, so it was better to remove her ornaments and put them in a handkerchief for safety.They put stones in the handkerchief and some sand too so that she could feel the weight and fled with her ornaments, police added. The area has witnessed many chain snatching, property offences and duping cases.A mechanic who was opening his garage spotted the accused, so one of them distracted him while the accomplice robbed the woman, police said.Acting commissioner of police Arvind Chavaria said, \"We have learned that a residential apartment has a CCTV camera which has recorded the incident. We have asked for the footage which would not only show the accused but also the registration numbers of their motorcycles.They will be caught.\"Conmen duped a woman out for her morning walk on Shivaji Road of her gold ornaments weighing 60 gm and valued at Rs 1.80 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762885", "title": "Yuletide cheer at city orphanage", "text": "GUWAHATI: In the true spirit of Christmas, a local orphanage made the day special for 200 destitute and orphaned children.The boarders of Snehalaya decorated their home with an Xmas tree and mistletoe. \"On Christmas day, the childrenprayed to the lord for a better world and for peace and harmony.They also interacted with eight blind and homeless street artists,\" said Father Lucas, coordinator, Snehalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763489", "title": "People exchange gifts &amp; greetings on Xmas", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites on Tuesday were seen making merry and enjoying the Christmas. At almost all the major market locations, including confectionary shops, hotels and restaurants, and even on road sides, men dressed as Santa Claus were seen distributing sweets. Not just kids but even elders were seen wishing Santa \"Merry Christmas\" and asking for sweets.People of all age groups including kids, teenagers, middle-aged and elderly people were having a jolly time. Many participated in songs and dance and partying either at their homes or at various restaurants, hotels and parks across the city, while others met relatives and visited cathedrals.The confectionary shops across the city were flooded with customers buying delicious cake prepared especially for this occasion. Plum cakes, rum cakes, fruit cakes, dry fruits and various other cakes adorned the shops' shelves.Misha Roberts, a party enthusiast who held a Christmas party at her residence, said, \"All my friends stay out of Patna, but on this special occasion they gather here. Every year, we celebrates this day as we party for the whole night with family and friends.\"The beautifully decorated mall at Patliputra colony was the first choice of youngsters and families, who flooded the place to watch movies, enjoy various cuisines and play games. The Maurya Lok Complex was another hot spot for revellers, and was crowded with families buying Christmas decoratives, Santa caps and balloons to enjoy the festive mood.Sun basking at the Ganga diara, enjoying water sports at Gandhi Ghat, round trips at the floating restaurant and spending time at various ghats across the city were some of the other ways for the Patnaites to celebrate the day. With the tourism department making the necessary arrangements, Ganga diara was crowded with families playing various games and having picnic in the lap of nature.Many were seen enjoying the day singing Christmas carols in groups at various parks across the city. The Patna zoo, Eco park (Rajdhani Vatika), SK Nagar Park, Kumhrar Park and Buddha Smriti Park were the most frequented ones.The restaurants in the city, that had either special menus for the day or some welcome sweets, too, received lots of footfalls. The celebration that began on Christmas-eve continued till the day-end and the city seemed drenched in unending fun of festive mood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17763342", "title": "Baby's father laments govt's 'indifference'", "text": "VADODARA: Father of the two-year-old girl, who died after being allegedly raped in Halol, has expressed anguish at the indifference shown by Gujarat government towards the incident.The angry father told TOI that the government is not bothered about his daughter as they come from financially poor background. He has also demanded a death sentence for the accused Keshavraj Joshi.Doctors handed over the victim's body to her parents on Tuesday. She was taken to Halol immediately and was cremated by her family in presence of a large crowd. \"I have read and seen about all the brouhaha and protests over the rape incident in Delhi. But no one seems to be bothered about my two-year-old girl who died after being raped. No one from the government or even district administration has bothered to pay us a visit even once,\" girl's father, who works as a guard in a private security firm in Halol, said on Tuesday.\"The Gujarat government is not sensitive towards rape of such a little girl. We don't want any financial help from the government. Our neighbours and relatives have been kind enough to offer us all such help. My only request to the government is to hang the accused who committed such heinous crime,\" he added.The girl had suffered grievous injuries on her private parts that were damaged severely. She was transferred from the surgery department to pediatric department for treatment on Monday but she developed complications and succumbed to infection.\"The accused is perfectly normal and doesn't suffer from any mental disease,\" said Halol police inspector J K Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17762845", "title": "Four Ulfa cadres surrender", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Four Ulfa militants surrendered to the police in Tinsukia district on Tuesday.The Ulfa hardliners, Indrajit Neog, Lambu Thapa, Dulu Chakma and Prashant Neog laid down 1 M21 rifle, one M22 rifle, one pistol, 4 chinese grenades and 105 rounds of ammunition before SP (Tinsukia) PP Singh and Arunachal police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766316", "title": "'David' audio for New Year", "text": "While Vikram and Jiiva along with director Bejoy Nambiar launched the trailer of their much awaited film 'David' recenlty, the audio of the movie is set to be launched for New year in the first week of January 2013. The music is said to be electrifying since almost 12 different musicians have contributed for the output. The director says that the music of 'David' is much bigger and better than his earlier film 'Shaitan'.' David ' is a bilingual being made in Hindi and Tamil directed by Bijoy Nambiar and it features Vikram, Jiiva, Nasser, Lara Dutta , Tabu and Isha Sharvani in the lead. The highlight of the movie is that there would be two stories that would meet with a common end in the climax.' David ' is expected to be released on Feb 1st and looks like the much anticipated Mani Ratnam's ' Kadal ' might also hit the screens on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17761846", "title": "Mayor goes soft on tax defaulters", "text": "KOLKATA: Big property tax defaulters in the city seem to have taken the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) for a ride. They didn't respond to the tax waiver scheme belying mayor Sovan Chatterjee's hopes that they might find the concession attractive to pay up the dues. The defaulters haven't bothered to get in touch with the civic body even after being served notices weeks ago. Though KMC officials are ready to attach their properties as the next step, the civic chief has come in the way.Chatterjee is sitting on the proposal even after chief minister Mamata Banerjee gave him a warning to bring the KMC revenues in shape. And this, when the KMC's own finance wing sent an SOS to the mayor over the poor state of finances that might affect routine services from January.Civic officials see no reason why the mayor is dragging his feet when his predecessor Subrata Mukherjee had snapped water connections to a prominent city hotel for non-payment of property tax, following which the hotel authorities came calling at the KMC headquarters with the money.The AC market is also a case in point. The market owners paid up Rs 5 crore as advance and promised to pay the remaining Rs 40 crore as property tax in installments. This was after the civic body closed down the market six months ago when the owners didn't respond to the distress warrant.KMC wants to take the route provided in the KMC Act. Chapter 16 of the act allows the civic body to attach a defaulting property in case the owners do not respond to the KMC notice.Chapter 16 of the KMC Act (1980) empowers rigorous steps for recovery of outstanding property taxes. Sending distress warrant is one among the various measures the civic body can take against habitual tax defaulters. It is the final notice to the defaulter asking him to pay up the dues, failing which the corporation reserves the right of attaching the property. At the moment, KMC has served preliminary notices to as many as 350 property owners in the city, without a response from them.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee turned down a proposal to proceed with distress warrants three months ago on the grounds that it is not the right time to take the ultimate step. When officials pointed out the lack of response from defaulters for a considerable period of two weeks, the mayor told them he is weighing options. The mayor's dilemma continues.It is not without reason that West Bengal governor MK Narayanan had kept the property tax waiver bill on hold even after it was passed in the assembly. The governor wanted to know if the KMC had floated the waiver after exploring all options of recovering the outstanding property tax. The civic body had then promised Raj Bhavan that it would take all legal steps to book the defaulters who ignore the waiver scheme.A cursory look at the KMC revenues on account of property tax reveals that the big ticket defaulters didn't avail of the scheme. \"We have mopped up Rs 365 crore from small and medium class defaulters who have cleared their dues. While a whopping 1.6 lakh assesses have taken the advantage of the waiver scheme, only five to six major defaulters who owe the KMC Rs 1 crore or more had applied for the scheme. The 300-odd habitual defaulters owe KMC Rs 900 crore,\" said a senior official of the KMC assessment department.Failing to get a response from the big tax defaulters, the KMC crack team served notices and pasted posters on defaulting commercial buildings spread over BBD Bag, Park Street, Lindsay Street, Theatre Road, and the posh south Kolkata localities like Ballygunge, Elgin Road and Gariahat Road, among other areas. Of these, notices have been pasted on two prominent buildings - one on Theatre Road and the other off Lindsay Street. While the former owes Rs 2.5 crore to the civic body, the latter has to pay Rs 8 crore. The team has pasted posters on two prominent buildings, one on Theatre Road and the other off Lindsay Street. While the owner of the market on Theatre Road owes the civic body Rs 2.5 crore, the owner of the second market will need to pay Rs 8 crore to clear the dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763350", "title": "Diamond worker found murdered in Odhav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A diamond worker, missing for the last two days, was found dead from the factory premises on Tuesday. Police have registered a case of murder.Odhav police identified the deceased as Harekrishna Patel, 28, a diamond polisher at GIDC on Kathwada Road. He remained untraceable at his workplace for the past two days after which his factory owner Dilip Patel informed Odhav police about it.On Tuesday, a locked room in the basement had started stinking after which the factory workers broke it open. There body of Harekrishna was laid on a chair and his head bore marks of bludgeoning by a heavy object. He had died on the spot due to hemorrhage. We suspect that he was killed the same day he was declared missing. We suspect internal feud in the case as we have started questioning his co-workers to get more links and get his background,\" said an Odhav police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761147", "title": "Course on cancer centre management", "text": "INDORE: The second annual two-day certificate course on management of cancer centres will begin from Wednesday. Organized by the Indore Cancer Foundation, the course will resume with an inaugural lecture on \"Ethics in Public Health Delivery System\" by former executive director of IMF Washington, MR Sivaraman.This course is designed for doctors and young hospital administrators. It aims to discuss the nuances of setting up various departments and facilities at a Cancer Center, keeping the low cost module. The first day of the course will include intensive sessions by experts such as Dr Rajesh Dikshit of Tata Memorial Centre, Mumbai and prof Dr Virendra Vyas from Sevagram Medical Institute, Wardha.Dr Sukdev Nayak, director and head, Anaesthesiology, Pain Relief &amp; Palliative Care at the Regional Cancer Centre at Cuttack will speak on challenges of developing palliative care facility. This will be followed by a panel discussion on the 'out reach activities and its importance' in which Dr Sanaullah Kuchay from Kashmir, Dr Baldev Dembani from Indore Cancer Foundation and Dr S Nayak from Cuttack, will be the panellists. Various eminent medical practitioners will also be presenting their papers during the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760817", "title": "Widow clueless about missing 22-year-old son", "text": "NAGPUR: For this widow in her forties, the 22-year-old son was the only support in the twilight of her life. However, Rashida bi is now running from one police station to another seeking help to find her missing son. She is clueless about the whereabouts of Shaikh Qadir, who had left home for a trip to Mumbai by train in September this year.The mystery has deepened after two of Qadir's friends, Shaikh Israel and Vakil Ahmed, who accompanied him, gave different versions after returning from Mumbai. The duo said that Qadir had boarded the compartment behind theirs when they left but could not find him after the train reached Mumbai on September 29.Qadir was barely two years old when his father Sagir passed away. Though he studied till std II only, his skills as a mechanic helped him earn a livelihood for the family. Rashida, who would take up cooking assignments with caterers, brought additional income. The mother-son married off two younger sisters of Qadir. Some of Qadir's friends like Israel have criminal records. Qadir too landed behind the bars on two occasions - once for chain-snatching in 2010.Rashida said after Qadir left for Mumbai she had made a call on Israel's mobile phone to speak to her son. \"Israel told me that Qadir was in another compartment. But he later said that Qadir was not traceable,\" she said, adding, \"Surprisingly, Vakil had earlier told me that they did not see my son after the train left Nagpur but later changed the statement stating that Qadir had come to ask for a blanket in the night.\"Intriguingly, just after returning to city, Israel was nabbed by the railway cops for stealing a mobile phone on the platform. Vakil had managed to flee from the spot. On learning about Israel's arrest, Rashida met him to inquire about her son. But he too claimed to have not seen Qadir after leaving Nagpur, said Rashida. She has already filed a missing complaint.According to Rashida, her son would often go on trips with his peers. \"This is the first time Qadir did not return. He had no issue at home. I know that he cannot live without me,\" she said. The widow has now approached Crime branch for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762238", "title": "Anger spills on to the streets again", "text": "BANGALORE: There's a fire burning and all women and right-thinking men don't want it to die out - not before the mindsets that trigger crimes like rape are changed.Members of Sankey Park Walkers' Association on Tuesday sought to take a walk in a different direction. They came out on to the streets with a few demands -- rehabilitation of rape victims and stronger laws to reduce the crime.The association organized a march from Sankey Tank to Raj Bhavan to submit a memorandum to the governor, seeking many reforms, including speedy rehabilitation of rape victims.Over 100 walkers took the Sampige Road route to reach Shivananda Circle, before marching up to Chalukya Circle.\"Whenever a rape is committed, action should be taken immediately. This happens through law. We want a law that gives strict punishment to all offenders,\" said Dr Anand AR, president of the association.In their memorandum, the walkers demanded moral support for victims to get back on their feet and also proper helplines for women in distress. They also want age-related conditions to be removed in the sexual assault bill, stricter punishment for rapists and a bigger police force.\"We are scared for ourselves and our daughters, especially school-going girls. Rapists should be hanged in public so others learn a lesson from this,\" said Leela Jagannath, a homemaker.\"Every 20 minutes, there is a rape in the country. Only about 10% get reported and a meagre 0.5% get convicted. If such is the case, what will our daughters do?\" questioned Dr Anand. The group noted that it is victims who are sentenced for life, while rapists walk free after serving a short sentence. Today, the victims are strangers, but tomorrow, it could be one of us, they declared with concern.\"This time, we want immediate action. Laws should be made more effective and convicts be punished,\" said Vijay Kumar, secretary, Sankey Park Walkers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762295", "title": "A visit to city's forgotten churches", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of around 40 Kolkatans went around the city's heritage churches on Christmas morning. They travelled about 10km on a chilly Tuesday, stopping at the heritage destinations and making a quick tour of the places where Christmas would be celebrated even more than a century back. Conducted jointly by NGOs Spark and Footsteps Photowalks, the walk explored some of the oldest churches, steeped in tradition and history.The first destination for the walkers was the Portuguese Church. Built in 1799, the Catholic church with two giant towers remained crowded on Christmas morning. The Armenian Church at Burrabazar was the next destination followed by The Magen David Synagogue.Built in 1764 and designed in the early 18th century, the Armenian Church is the oldest extant church in Kolkata. The interiors are decorated with marble, and the overhead gallery contains mural tablets. The altar has a cross, the gospels and 12 candlesticks symbolizing Christ and his Apostles. There is a staircase leading to an overhead gallery with walls full of mural tablets. Three oil paintings, including one of the Last Supper, share space with the murals.\"Heritage walks keep happening in Kolkata but this one was special since it took the walkers to the old churches. While we celebrate Christmas, few spare a thought for these buildings tucked away in some forgotten corners of the city. Some are in poor shape. They are as much a part of the city's heritage as the roads and other prominent buildings. There couldn't have been a better way to observe Christmas,\" said Monica Khosla Bhargava, president of Spark.Walkers also visited the St Andrew's Church and St John's Church. They explored the church and the premises which has Job Charnock's grave. Perhaps the richest in history and heritage, St John's had the walkers marvelling at the architecture. Built on land donated by Maharaja Nabo Kishen Bahadur, founder of the Shovabazar Raj family, Warren Hastings had laid its foundation stone in 1784. Two marble plaques at the entrance of St John's Church mark the two historic events.The church is a large square structure in the neoclassical architectural style. A stone spire 174 ft tall is its most distinctive feature. The spire holds a giant clock, which is wound every day.\"It was an exhilarating experience. I had no idea that the city had so much architectural treasure hidden in its backyards. I wish I had explored the churches earlier,\" said V Kumar, who joined the walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17763796", "title": "Early language skills help rein in anger later", "text": "NEW YORK: The ability to use words as a toddler may affect the way children manage their anger later in life, a new study has found. Children with good language skills at age 2 expressed less anger during frustrating situations at age 4 than those with less advanced skills, experts said.According to the study findings, children whose language skills developed quickly also expressed less anger at age 4. While previous research suggested a link between language skills and the expression of anger in young children, few studies had followed children over time.The study followed 120 children from 18 months old until they were 4. Two aspects of language appeared to help children. First, more-developed language skills allowed kids to ask for support from their parents. Secondly they used language to distract themselves from becoming angry, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766565", "title": "'Oh My God' sequel will be fresh story", "text": "Director Umesh Shukla, whose debut film Oh My God earned rave reviews, says they have almost finalised the script of the sequel, which will have a completely fresh story.\"We have zeroed on a script but we still have to work on that. We will finalise the things in next three to four days,\" Shukla told IANS.\"It will be a different story altogether. It will be a story that will talk about religion and other issues. It will be a spicy film but an eye-opener. However this will be a fresh film and not a continuation from Oh My God ,\" he added.Oh My God was co-produced by Ashvini Yardi, Akshay Kumar and Paresh Rawal , with the two actors playing prominent roles in the film.Asked if Akshay will be part of the new project too, Shukla said: \"Yes, Akshay will be part of the sequel, in fact he is part of our team. We will have to see Akshay's dates but it's too early to think about that. In the first place we have to finalise the script.\"Paresh too is in no hurry to encash on the success of the film.\"We have identified one or two ideas but let's see. We must look at the script. We are not in a hurry to encash the popularity or the success of it. I feel if I have to make a sequel then it should be like Lage Raho Munna Bhai ,\" said the veteran actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17762680", "title": "Cops bar bars from late hours on Xmas", "text": "Mumbai: The state excise department allowed licensed liquor bars to extend their closing time from 1.30am to 5am on three days (December 24, 25 &amp; 31) this season, but police played spoilsport, rejecting all applications from bar and pub owners in the city for Christmas.On Monday and Tuesday, hoteliers said, several parties either got cancelled or curtailed, affecting both the festive fervour and the industry's revenues. They say this is the first time in a decade that the cops have refused permission to extend closure timings for serving liquor during Christmas .While the police chief was silent on why permission was not granted to relax the deadlines for Christmas, he said the police had only now received orders for New Year's eve.\"We have got the government's nod for relaxing the deadline on the 31st. The orders will now be issued,\" he said.Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 7,500 bars and restaurants in the city, said there was total confusion among establishment owners as police permission, expected every year, did not come in time for Christmas celebrations on December 24 and 25, which resulted in cancellation of hundreds of parties. \"This has happened for the first time in the last 10 years. Naturally, it has taken a toll on business in terms of revenue. The celebrations bring profits every year for the industry,\" he said.\"The excise department on Monday gave its permission to extend timings for serving alcohol on December 24, 25 and 31, but the police till date have not given an extension. The government realizes how difficult it is now to market its own tourism corporation outlets, so it can very well appreciate that our members too cannot market the events,\" said Kamlesh Barrot, ex-president of Hotels and Restaurants Association Western India (HRAWI).\"How can an international megalopolis like Mumbai, known for its nightlife, not offer people a befitting year-end event because of the lack of regulatory will? The association (HRAWI) has been requesting every department for quite some time now to extend the common time of closure to 3am every day, and on year-ends till 5am, without any last-minute announcements. But different departments give different timings while issuing licences,\" said Pradip Shetty, chairman of the legal committee of HRAWI.\"The sector is suffering from the orthodox attitude of regulators. There are no efforts to help the recession-hit and terror-stricken hospitality establishments recover during festive seasons by not delaying permissions to extend deadlines. On the other hand, the unorganized sector goes scot-free,\" said Barrot.Another bar owner said on condition of anonymity, \"Such is the state of affairs that every year police permissions for staying open late into the night are handed out on the 31st itself, despite restaurateurs applying several days in advance. We are made to visit ACPs everyday, anticipating that the home department will grant permission. Even when it is finally sanctioned, the police make it further difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "17762564", "title": "'String of disasters on South City road'", "text": "SOUTH CITY: With the city enveloped in fog, travelling on the road to South City is fraught with danger. Besides the fact that there are no road markings, the danger is compounded by the absence of a boundary wall along Sidhwan Canal to South City. In that context, Tuesday's accident in which a Pajero fell into a canal on the way to South City came as a sign of things to come.Kulwant Singh, an industrialist and resident of Country Homes said, \"A few months ago, a boy died after his car crashed into the canal late in the evening. The road is dangerous for residents especially during this time of the year. We want authorities to get road markings done, construct a boundary wall and install more lights to make the road safer.\"Dr Vivek Saggar, general secretary of Country Homes Residents Welfare Association, said, \"With visibility drastically reduced, the road to South City along Sidhwan Canal is not safe. We have often raised the demand for a boundary wall and white markings.\"PWD executive engineer Kulwant Singh said, \"We have recently carpeted the road and will soon mark the centre line. We have also sent proposals to make the road accident free and are awaiting approval from higher authorities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766512", "title": "Bazmee still waiting for Salman's dates for 'No Entry' sequel", "text": "Director Anees Bazmee, who is keen on starting his next film No Entry Mein Entry, is still waiting for actor Salman Khan's dates.No Entry Mein Entry is a sequel to 2005 film No Entry , which featured Salman, Anil Kapoor and Fardeen Khan in lead roles.\"I am waiting for Salman Khan's dates. He is packed with his prior commitments. By the first week of January 2013 we will be meeting Salman and confirm the dates,\" Bazmee told IANS.While Salman, Fardeen and Anil will reprise their roles, the leading ladies are yet to be finalised.\"Nothing has been finalised yet. Things will fall in place only once I get Salman's dates. So I will finalise the leading ladies after that,\" he added.The director hopes his film will go on floors in the middle of 2013.\"It is too early to comment on that right now. I believe the film should go on floors by the mid of 2013,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762434", "title": "Challaned for violating 'zebra crossing'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A challan slip issued by Chandigarh traffic police has put a city resident in a quandary. Kamal Kant Gupta, who lives in Sector 50, has been challaned for a zebra crossing violation. The challan shows that the violation happened on the road dividing sectors 40 and 50, whereas no such crossing exists in the city, with both the sectors being about six km apart.Kamal approached the traffic police regarding this but he was told that the violation took place on the dividing road of sectors 49 and 50 and that Sector 40 had been written inadvertently. However, even this claim of the police is incorrect as there is no zebra crossing at the sectors 49/50 crossing.Kamal, who is also the president of residents welfare association of Sector 50, said that a few days back he got a challan slip at his home by post. The challan said that the driver of the car (CH-03X-2114) had committed the traffic offence on September 15 at the dividing road of sectors 40/50. So the offender is liable to pay Rs 300 as fine within the 15 days of the receipt of the letter. He said following this he approached the traffic police. \"Even if I accept that there has been a mistake by the traffic police, then too they are lying because there is no zebra crossing at the dividing road of sectors 49/50, so how can I be challaned for such a violation. Moreover no CCTV cameras are installed at the crossing,\" said Kamal.SP Traffic, Maneesh Chaudhary said that he will look into the matter and if Kamal gives a written complaint, then an inquiry will be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763172", "title": "Blood donations in Chhattisgarh fall 50% short of targets", "text": "RAIPUR: It's ironical that despite knowing that the 'gift of blood is nothing but a gift of life', people, who are the beneficiaries, directly or indirectly, of blood donation, shy away from doing it. In Chhattisgarh, blood donations are almost 50% less than required, leading to an extreme shortage of supply.Going by the statistics, the state would have enough supply to save only 50% of the people, requiring blood transfusion. The gap between the blood required in the state and the amount collected annually is certainly a cause of worry for the state's health department. In 2011-12, the state fell short by over 1.29 lakh units of donated blood.While the state required 2.55 lakh units, it could collect only 1.25 lakh units through donations. Talking to TOI, in-charge of Model blood bank, Dr Vijay Kapse, said that as per norms, blood requirement is fixed at 1% of the total population, which mean that Chhattisgarh with a population of 2.55 crore requires 2.55 lakh units per annum.As per figures available with the Chhattisgarh State AIDS Control Society ( CSACS), Raipur topped the list of donors by meeting the 60% target of blood donations. While Bilaspur collected 53%, districts like Sarguja and Bastar fell way short by achieving only 31.5% and 25.8% of the target.Amidst this sorry state of affairs, a ray of hope exists as the number of voluntary donors has been increasing for past few years. However, the annual target of registering 58,500 new donors has fallen short as only 71% of it was achieved with 41,278 donors being enrolled.Collections through blood camps were also short last year as despite organising 347 camps, only 11,432 units were collected against the target of 26,250. The target met was just 44%.Speaking to TOI, Dr VB Agarwal, joint director for blood safety, however, said that the number of voluntary donors has increased and they were trying to improve the situation further. He said the government has already approved the plan for opening 12 new blood banks in recently formed districts like Bijapur and Narayanpur, to help increase the storing capacity.\"We have collected 24,943 units of \"whole\" blood through blood donation till November this year and we are trying to organise more camps to meet the target,\" he said. He claimed that blood requirement is more or less met in the state with \"replacement collections\", where patients' relatives are asked to donate blood in exchange of every unit required by them. He admitted that there was shortage of some rare blood groups.According to the World Health Organization , less than 45% of donated blood is collected in developing and transitional countries, which are home to about 80% of the world's population. As per data, if only 13% of a country's population donates blood, it would be sufficient to meet the demand.In an effort to increase collection of voluntary blood donation, the state government recently launched state-of the-art blood collection transport vans to organise on the spot impromptu blood donation camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766504", "title": "Cinematographer Bobby Singh passes away", "text": "Cinematographer Bobby Singh, who has worked on films like \"Gangster\" and \" The Dirty Picture \", died Tuesday following an asthma attack in Goa, actor Sanjay Suri said. He was 38.He is survived by his wife Radhika and five-year-old son Sumer. Singh's body will be taken to Ahmedabad where his parents stay. One of the youngest cinematographers in Bollywood , Singh was on a vacation to Goa with his family.Actor Sanjay Suri was present with Singh in Goa.\"I was with Bobby on that day but I was not with him in the last 20 minutes when all this happened. Suddenly, asthmatic attack triggered and there were rashes on his face,\" Sanjay told IANS.\"Bobby passed away while on the way to meet doctors,\" Sanjay added.The actor said Bobby had come to Goa with his family to celebrate Christmas.\"He arrived with his family on Dec 24th night. Now his body is still in Goa hospital and will be taken to Ahmedabad where his parents stay,\" said Sanjay.Singh was currently working on Akshay Kumar , Anupam Kher-starrer \"Special Chabbis\". He also had films like \"Woh Lamhe\", \"Life In A Metro\", \"Kidnap\", \"No Problem\" and \"Jannat 2\" to his credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17761663", "title": "Neeligin road is commuters' nightmare", "text": "HUBLI: Neeligin road is one of the main and important roads in Hubli as it is located in the centre of the city and connects Deshpande Nagar and New Cotton Market to KC circle. A large number of trucks, cars, two wheelers and other commercial vehicles move on this road daily. However, thanks to the apathy of the authorities, the road is in bad shape - full of potholes and craters.As vehicles move, the potholed road kicks up a cloud of dust and woes. Traffic snarls are a perennial problem on this road. Mailarappa Kundagol, who owns a shop on the roadside said that in the last one year the road's condition has worsened but the corporation has not bothered to fill the potholes.About two years ago, repair works were taken up but the road did not see any improvement. On the other hand, the number of potholes has increased and the road is full of dust and mud.Ramesh Ghorpade, a motorist said: \"Since there is no alternative road, I have to use Neeligin road to reach my shop at Dajibanpet from the Cotton Market. It is a pain to ride on this bumpy road.\"Speaking to The Times of India, PD Galemmanavar, zonal assistant commissioner, Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC), said that funds have been earmarked for repairing and improving Neeligin road.\"Allocation has been made in the 13th finance fund for refilling potholes and other repair works on Neeligin road. We had called tenders to carry out works. But due to some technical problems the work did not start. Now the corporation has taken up the issue again and repair works invoving Rs 2 lakh will start shortly and potholes will be filled up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761867", "title": "International students sing carols with local lads", "text": "MYSORE: A melange of African and Indian carols, sung as part of Christmas celebrations, reverberated through a private hotel here on Tuesday. A group of International students, along with their local counterparts, created a festive ambiance by singing African and English carols. This Christmas, the special band had a drummer, lead guitarist, bassist and a keyboard player.International students in Mysore are the members of Destiny Centre International church. They, and the local students, met at the church and formed a band to sing carols. Speaking to TOI about their band, Sam Publins, a student of All India Institute of Speech and Hearing, said: \"We (local students) had our own band I-FIRE (Igniting Faith In Redemption Everlasting). After some of the band members left, we approached international students. The new band is called I-FIRE and Eagles Generation.\"The 11-member band had been rehearsing for the D-Day performance for the past three weeks. They sang about 10 carols. Dennis, a law student hailing from Kenya, said: \"It is a different kind of experience. Being a part of Christmas celebrations with Indian students is good. We feel part of it. It is fun to spend time together.\" The band comprises Dennis (Kenya), Mercy (Kenya), Haron (Kenya), Fanuel (Kenya), Martin (Mozambique), Sam (India), Mike (India), Lee Ann (South Africa), Harish (India), Reagan (Tanzania) and John (India).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761993", "title": "Cinema is imprinted on Indians' skin", "text": "BANGALORE: Indians analyze, exchange a dialogue and even ask Mexican filmmaker Lucia Carreras for her email ID to continue the interaction.\"It's amazing because what I've seen in Kerala, Chennai and now in Bangalore is a thinking audience, which is not going to simply come up and say, 'I like your film!'. Indians have cinema imprinted on their skin,\" beams Lucia Carreras.As film enthusiasts help themselves to fresh footages of stories from near and faraway lands at Biffes, Lucia's depiction of the relationship a daughter shares with her dad, until she loses him, elicits discussion on the experimental nature of storytelling.\"The story begins with the protagonist, Pilar, losing her dad and transcends into the deep grief she feels on losing him. For, she comes to live with him when she is a four-year-old and looks after him until she turns 40, at which point her father dies. It's a movie of coping and story of love,\" says Lucia.Lucia is essentially a storyteller, whose language is cinematic. \"Sometimes, I've tried to write a novel, but my mind tends towards the audio visual medium and in essence brings out the filmmaker in me. I love to write, direct, be on the set and behind the computer. I will not have my screenplay directed by anyone else, because what I write is essential to the images I visualize,\" says Lucia.This deep bond with the story, its character, intricacies thereof and underlying subtleties speak of Lucia's constant connect with the world of cinema.\"I saw Malayalam films in Kerala and Manjeet Singh's Mumbai Cha Raja at Biffes. I really like Manjeet's film for he has told the story of Mumbai's slum children as an insider. It shouldn't be compared with Slumdog Millionaire , which I don't like very much. Abhinav Tiwari's Oass, too, was an interesting film. Indian filmmakers have a very interesting way of narrating stories,\" says Lucia.And Mexican films are a constant in Indian film festival menus. \"It's heartening, because back home our own films are lost, even as audiences throng to Hollywood blockbusters and its Harry Potter all over. We come from an environment where we need to compete to receive government funding for our films, unlike the milieu in India,\" she says.The silver lining for Mexican filmmakers like Lucia is that they have the freedom to express, unlike countries like Iran and India, where kissing and smoking, for instance, come under the censor. \"But it's amazing how, despite these restrictions, Iranian and Indian filmmakers manage to tell such poignant stories,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17763316", "title": "Lok Rakshak shot dead in Anand", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: A young Lok Rakshak jawan working with Anand police was shot dead by unidentified assailants when he was spending some private moments with his girlfriend near Verakhadi village in Anand district on Tuesday afternoon.Mehul Ratilal Chauhan, who was assigned to D staff of Anand police, was with Jennifer Christian in the ravines on the bank of river Mahi when two assailants fired two rounds at him.Chauhan had taken a new Alto car, owned by a police constable with Anand's Local Crime Branch, for the romantic trip. The duo had parked the car between Verakhadi village and Kherda Road, police sources said.Two unidentified assailants knocked the window of the car. Chauhan came out while his girlfriend remained in hiding inside the car.The assailants shot two rounds at him of which one hit Chauhan (26) on his chest. They took away the mobile phones of Chauhan and Christian along with the gold chain that the Lok Rakshak was wearing.Christian started shouting for help after assailants left the spot. Locals residing nearby informed the police. The top brass of Anand police, including inspector general (Ahmedabad range) R B Brahmbhatt, reached the spot.Anand police, which registered a complaint against two unidentified assailants at Khambolaj police station, believe that the miscreants may have reached the spot on a two-wheeler.\"The assailants had fired from a 7.65mm calibre pistol. So far it seems that the assailants took away the cellphones with them so that no help reaches the duo on time,\" Anand's deputy superintendent of police A M Patel told TOI.The police are also investigating the matter suspecting that a one-sided love affair or some other personal enmity would have led to the incident. The police are seeking more details from Christian.While Chauhan was a native of Jhanor in Balasinor taluka of Kheda district, Christian is a resident of Chavdapura village in Anand district. Chauhan's body was taken to Sarsa primary health centre for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17762864", "title": "Two rhino horn smugglers held", "text": "JORHAT: Karbi Anglong police arrested two rhino horn smugglers from Chulung area under Ulani police station in Nagaon district on Monday night. Police also seized a rhino horn from the smugglers.Police launched an operation against a rhino horn smuggling gang along the inter-district border areas in Karbi Anglong on the basis of intelligence inputs on Monday morning, Karbi Anglong SP B B Chetry said. But the gang managed to flee to Nagaon district. \"We launched a joint operation with Nagaon police and arrested two horn traders from Chulung area of the district. We also found a rhino horn on them,\" he said.The police officer added, \"During interrogation, the arrested persons confessed their involvement in rhino horn trading and revealed some important information regarding the clandestine market. We expect to arrest more rhino horn traders soon.\"Karbi Anglong Police arrested over 40 rhino poachers and smugglers from different areas of Karbi Anglong, Golaghat and Nagaon in the last two months. On October 28, Diphu police arrested a poacher and a smuggler from Bokakhat in Golaghat district, while another rhino poacher, who killed two Kaziranga rhinos, was caught on October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761095", "title": "Man's wallet and ATM pin stolen in bus", "text": "BHOPAL: A passenger's wallet was stolen on a city-bus by an unidentified accused who later withdrew around Rs 17,000 cash from the ATM as the passenger not only had his credit card but also its pin password in the wallet. The incident took place on December 23 and a case in this regard has been registered in the MP Nagar police station on Tuesday. Police said that the complainant Sunil Sharma, a resident of Chhola Naka, took a city bus from board office when his wallet was stolen.Brawl in slum: Two sides came to blows near Sanjay Nagar slums in Shahjehnabad area over a trivial issue here on Tuesday evening. Police said the dispute started among children but seniors from both sides intervened, resulting in a tension in the area. The police force rushed to the spot and officials later claimed to have brought the situation under control. Few persons suffered injuries in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761668", "title": "Doordarshan suspends five for reaching PM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house late", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doordarshan has suspended five staffers for failing to reach 7, Race Course Road in time to record PM Manmohan Singh's speech on the protests against the Delhi gang rape incident.Sources said two camerapersons and three staff members from the engineering wing were placed under suspension after they turned up late for the recording. DD had ordered an inquiry on Monday.The speech was recorded by television news agency ANI which was also present for the purpose and had inadvertently included PM's remark \"theek hai?\" which was broadcast. The remark triggered a wave of criticism against the PM. The editing error was corrected later.Sources in the national broadcaster said the suspension of five persons was not related to the telecast of the unedited speech but for not reaching the venue on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763488", "title": "Thief causes scare at Nalanda Medical College's girls hostel", "text": "PATNA: It turned out to be a scary Christmas eve for the girl students of Nalanda Medical College living in a hostel on the college campus under the Agam Kuan police station area. On Monday night, a thief, breaching the security arrangement, reached the first floor of the hostel and stole about Rs 5,500 of a student. Noticing his presence, some of the girls screamed for help, but the thief managed to escape.When this reporter visited the hostel on Tuesday evening, a medical student residing there told TOI strictly on the condition of anonymity, \"On December 24, around midnight, I heard some girls shouting for help. When I went upstairs, the girls told me that a man had entered the first floor of the hostel from the terrace side and stolen around Rs 5,500.\"The terrace of the first floor is connected to a big hall that has been divided into six rooms with wooden partition. There is no door in any of these six rooms - only curtains - making these rooms more vulnerable. The thief managed to enter one of the rooms and stole money from the bag that was lying on the bed on the doorside. He fled away when the girls started shouting.However, this reporter could not meet the first year student whose money was stolen as she had reportedly gone home on Tuesday morning.When contacted, the college principal and the hostel warden remained unavailable for comments, while hospital superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad expressed her ignorance about the incident.\"In the name of maintaining the reputation of the hostel, we are not allowed to talk to media,\" said another girl student. She added, \"The hostel boundary is very low and anybody can easily enter the hostel taking the help of the trees whose branches touch not only the boundary wall of the hostel but also the terrace of the first floor.\"Another hosteller said, \"After the incident, the warden is thinking about cutting branches of the trees.\" She added, \"No incidence of theft had taken place in the hostel in recent times. Some years back, a theft had taken place but it was finally discovered that some relative of that girl had taken away her mobile.\"This reporter, on her visit, hardly found any light on the college campus. The route from the main gate to the girls' hostel gate was enveloped in darkness. There was no security guard at the hostel gate at 6.30pm, though It was dark by that time. With serious shortcomings in the security arrangement, about 80 girls living in 50 rooms of the hostel seemed to be vulnerable to criminal elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761063", "title": "Rape protests: With govt at sea, Sonia Gandhi slams cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi has expressed concern over policing during the India Gate agitation against the Munirka gang-rape case, giving voice to the feeling in the ruling party that handling of the episode gave the protests an anti-government hue.Sonia is believed to have spoken about bad police planning at a meeting of the Congress core group on Tuesday that took stock of the situation after the police crackdown and subsequent lockdown of central Delhi.Injuries to young protestors and scenes of police lathicharge triggered protests about \"high-handedness\" but the core group also noted that the protests had not been completely peaceful and cops were hurt while a policeman died of injuries.Sources said constable Subhash Tomar was stamped on and the government was also concerned over \"political elements\" like yoga guru Baba Ramdev and activist-politician Arvind Kejriwal entering the fray.The edginess in the Congress camp is evident with ministers finding gaps in the government response that gave an impression of the government being at sea in dealing with boys and girls who jammed the central vista leading to Rashtrapati Bhavan, PM's office and Parliament.The government wants to emphasize the point that it could not succumb before violence. Tomar's death is seen as evidence of the risks of hooliganism.However, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde is seen to have come up short on the imperative of nuanced handling. Party leaders believe better articulation would have solved a lot of problems but the minister's handicap only complicates matters.The trouble, to many insiders, seems to have started with \"mixed messaging\" when Delhi Police and the home secretary were in self-congratulatory mode after the horrific incident, without realizing that youth were collecting to protest irrespective of their success in cracking the case.The belligerence of chief minister Sheila Dikshit and her son Sandeep, who is MP from east Delhi, in attacking Delhi Police is seen as a politically smart move intended to align with public sentiment. But this compounded the Centre's woes.A big concern in Congress circles is about the complete absence of youth outfits, NSUI and Youth Congress, from the scene as they might have helped in keeping the protests under control.Sonia's failed intervention in meeting a bunch of youngsters which did not have any impact is being seen as a major lapse. Leaders who found \"nobodies\" to talk to her are being blamed. A minister said, \"If she meets the agitating group, then it should show some results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17765112", "title": "Dhoni, Hafeez play down Ishant-Akmal on-field face-off", "text": "BANGALORE: Playing down the face-off between Indian pacer Ishant Sharma and Pakistan batsman Kamran Akmal in the first Twenty20 International, captains of both the sides said it was a minor argument which ended with an exchange of smiles between the two.A heated argument erupted between the two and umpires had to step in to separate them and continue with the thrilling game which Pakistan won by five wickets.The two got into an argument when Shoaib Malik was declared not out after he was caught off a no ball by Ishant, and then Akmal was beaten on the next ball as the two batsmen had crossed each other when the ball was in the air.Soon both angry players exchanged a few angry words and wagged fingers at each other. Finally, the ground umpires and Indian players intervened and separated both of them.\"It happened because of some misunderstanding between the two. The bowler said something else and the batsman understood something else. I am pleased that Ishant had not abused him. We will try to keep this in check,\" Mahendra Singh Dhoni said.His opposite number Mohammad Hafeez said the players doused the issue on the ground itself.\"We have come here to play competitive cricket and such incidents do happen. It is a part of the game. However, Ishant and Akmal ended the issue on the ground by exchanging smiles at each other,\" he said.Apart from the argument between the two, Gautam Gambhir and Mohammad Irfan too glared at each other at the start of the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766563", "title": "Karan Wahi looking for a soul mate!", "text": "Yes! you read it right, the most eligible bachelor of the television industry Karan Wahi is looking for a Soul Mate. The chocolate boy who has already charmed millions of girls all over the world has finally confessed his desire to settle down and tie the matrimonial knot in the future. Karan who is hosting Nach Baliye -5 along with Gautam Rode developed this interest will looking at the sizzling chemistry of the Jodi's performing. This is not all some of the contestants have also promised him and started helping him in his hunt for his perfect Baliye.When contacted Karan he affirmed the news and said, \"Yes I am looking for a soul mate because looking at such wonderful couples I also feel I should now get someone in my life. The rate at which I am working I don't think I will be able to find someone. Hence my friends have joined me in the hunt and if my fans have any suggestion they are most welcome to share it with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17765375", "title": "MS Dhoni blames T20I loss on middle-order collapse", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni feels the failure of middle-order batsmen to capitalise on the good start provided by openers led to the five-wicket loss against Pakistan in the first Twenty20 encounter on Tuesday.Dhoni said India loss of wickets at regular intervals, after being in a strong position at 75 without loss in 10 overs, hurt the team badly.\"The batsmen got out trying to play big shots. We could have easily scored 200 if we had applied ourselves,\" Dhoni complained.On the umpire not giving a decision in India's favour when Ishant Sharma had got Shoaib Malik (57 not out) caught off a ball which climbed a tad above shoulder level, Dhoni said, \"It was a fair decision but I am not sure if you are allowed to refer it (to the third umpire) or not.\"Asked about R Ashwin's omission from the playing eleven, Dhoni said, \"Since we had three seamers we wanted to give Jadeja a go. At the same time we had other resources as well.\"Pakistan skipper Mohammad Hafeez said the team played according to a plan and targeted India's part-time spinners -- Yuvraj Singh and Ravindra Jadeja -- who are not world-class bowlers.\"I know they are in good form, but they are not world-class spinners. And hence we planned to dominate them after seeing off pacers early on,\" Hafeez said.Hafeez said after Pakistan lost three early wickets and were struggling at 12 for three in three overs, he and Shoaib Malik decided to play off Bhuvneshwar Kumar and other Indian pacers.\"Malik showed great character and we built a partnership,\" he said.Hafeez had words of praise for debutant Bhuvneshwar, who had figures of three for nine in four overs.\"He bowled very well. He was swinging the ball nicely,\" he said.Hafeez said his players showed a lot of character on the field, especially bowlers who restricted India beyond his expectations.\"Mohammad Irfan was our surprise package. I think he started off like one. Along with him, Sohail Tanvir also bowled well in right areas. Umar Gul also came off good in middle overs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761108", "title": "Accumulated anger over law and order coming out: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Tuesday said \"accumulated anger\" of the people over the government's failure to ensure law and order over a period of time was the reason for the outrage and protests here and in other parts of the country.\"Whatever has been happening in the Capital is due to the accumulation of anger of people over the law and order situation here. It is not just because of this particular incident (of gang rape),\" senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu said while addressing a rally.Naidu alleged that people were losing faith in the parliamentary system due to the policies and attitude of the Congress-led UPA government. \"The government is ignoring the parliamentary system... During the winter session also, we had raised the issue of gang rape. Seven days after the session is over, the prime minister has come out with a statement,\" he said.Addressing the gathering, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari said the party should work towards creating a system where \"no goon should dare to look towards women in society\".On the occasion Atal Bihari Vajpayee's birthday, celebrated by the party as 'Good Governance Day', Gadkari came out with list of achievements of BJP-ruled states including Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh.Gadkari said all BJP-ruled states were doing well in terms of GDP growth and if they had not performed that way, the country's \"GDP growth rate would have been around 3.5% and not 5.2%\".Speaking on the occasion, Delhi BJP leader Vijay Goel demanded that Vajpayee be honoured with the Bharat Ratna, the country's highest civilian honour, for his achievements and contribution towards development of the country. Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , at a function in Bhopal to celebrate Vajpayee's birthday, also demanded that the former PM be awarded the Bharat Ratna.On the gang rape incident, Goel said Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit , instead of asking for the police commissioner's resignation, should resign herself.Meanwhile, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and BJP leaders greeted the ailing Vajpayee on his 88th birthday. Singh was among the first to reach Vajpayee's residence to wish the former PM. BJP leaders L K Advani , Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj and Rajnath Singh were among those who went over to greet him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762794", "title": "Alagiri aide held for cheating 3 persons of Rs 27L", "text": "MADURAI: A DMK functionary and close confidante of Union minister M K Alagiri was arrested by the police in Madurai on Monday night.Ochu Balu, a DMK branch secretary, was held on charges of duping three men to the tune of Rs 27 lakh by promising them government jobs and engineering seats in Anna University. This is the third time Ochu Balu is being arrested ever since the AIADMK came to power last year.Police said Balu allegedly received Rs 15 lakh from Veerasekaran of Krishnapuram Colony in 2010 with the promise of getting him a job as an assistant public relations officer. Similarly, he received Rs 8 lakh from Subramanian, son of Karupiaha of Sivaganga, assuring him an engineering seat in Anna University. Ochu Balu had collected another Rs 4 lakh from P Ariyamuthu from Madurai promising him a job of driver in the municipal corporation, police said.However, Balu did not keep up the promises.When the three approached him, he told them that since the DMK had lost power in the state, he could not get them the jobs and the engineering seat as promised. But, he did not return the money received from the three either. Balu kept dodging them whenever they approached him to get back the money. At one point, he refused to return the money and also started threatening them with dire consequences if they persisted with their attempts to get the money back, police said. Subsequently, they lodged separate complaints with the police, based on which Balu was arrested.Ochu Balu was arrested soon after the regime change in the state last year under land grab charges and subsequently the Goondas Act was slapped on him. However, he managed to revoke the Goondas Act. In March this year, he was arrested again in a similar complaint for attempting to grab a Rs 65-lakh property in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761446", "title": "3 Himachal youth die in Bangalore accident", "text": "BANGALORE: Three youths were killed after the motorcycle they were riding hit a stationary BBMP garbage lorry near Meenakshi Mall in Bangalore late on Monday night.Two of the victims were engineering students, while the third one was studying in a B-school. The trio, all from Himachal Pradesh , was staying at an accommodation in Hulimavu.\"The entire stretch of the double road is not properly lit. The trio was riding on the wrong lane when their speeding motorcycle hit the lorry around 11.30pm. They might not have noticed the parked lorry,\" a police officer said.Police sources said the lorry also did not have its tail lights on.Atul Kumar Sharma, 21, a semester-III student of City Institute of Engineering in Banashankari, and his friend Aslam, 20, semester-II student of Nobel School of Management in JP Nagar, were killed on the spot.Passersby took the third victim, Vinay Kumar Thakur, 22, a student of Indian Institute of Electronics and Telecommunication on Bellary Road, to Nimhans, where he succumbed to injuries later, police said. With all the three youths dead, police are clueless as to who was riding the bike and where the trio was headed.\"We are checking with their friends but they are not certain where they were headed to. One of them said they were going towards their room in Hulimavu,\" the police officer said.Parents of the youths have been informed of the accident. A relative has requested the police to allow him to take the bodies to Shimla as the parents could not get tickets to come to the city. \"The bodies will be flown to their native place,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761166", "title": "Chain snatchers strike again", "text": "INDORE: Within 24 hours, two incidents of chain snatching took place in different parts of the city. In MG Road area, chain snatchers targeted 40-year-old Sharda Kushwaha, wife of Rajendra Kushwaha and a resident of Chimanbag Crossing. When she was returning home, a teenager boy intercepted her and fled away with her gold chain.While two bike-borne youths targeted a 52-year-old woman in Palasia area and escaped with her gold chain. The victim Indira Mundada, wife of Sundar Mundada is the resident of Rukmini Plaza. The shocked woman reached home and shared the information with her family members. They, then, reached to police and lodged the complaint. A case under section 392 of Indian Penal Code was registered and the search for the accused was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "17763484", "title": "Young farmer killed in Munger", "text": "MUNGER: Traffic on Munger-Lakhisarai road was paralysed for several hours on Tuesday by the villagers to protest the brutal murder of a young cultivator. One Sharun Yadav, son of Ramji Yadav, a marginal farmer and a resident of village Dakra Navtolia under Safiabad police station, 15 km south of here, was shot dead by some assailants on Monday night around 8 pm.Family members said on the Sadar hospital campus that Sharun while returning from village Parham, was apprehended by the assailants near a roadside breakfast stall where Sharun was having some boiled eggs. The assailants shot him from short distance in his head. Hearing the gunshots, villagers rushed there and found the victim bleeding profusely from his head. He was rushed to the sadar hospital, Munger at about 9 pm where the doctor on emergency duty declared him brought dead.This angered the villagers who refused to allow the police to take the body in its custody for post-mortem examination and forcibly carried away the body to the village. The police also didn't like to interfere in the matter owing to chilly night. However, this morning, the police reached the village with a posse of armed force and took the body in its custody and sent him to Sadar hospital for postmortem.The Safiabad police station in-charge Niraj Kumar said an FIR has been lodged against four named persons and added that old enmity is the cause behind the murder. The named accused, however, have not been arrested till Tuesday evening", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762482", "title": "Court raps lab for DNA report delays", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has pulled up the forensic science laboratory in the capital for its \"unusual delay\" in giving DNA test reports .Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau lambasted the FSL saying the delays in delivering the reports are \"adversely affecting the administration of justice\". \"For the last few months, this court has observed that there has been an unusual delay in giving reports with regard to DNA finger printing on the plea of non-availability of the chemical and many of the reports which are now being received do not appear to be up to the mark / satisfactory,\" she said.The court pulled up the Delhi Police for delay in sending forensic samples to the lab in a rape case and also ordered action against the erring officials. The court was hearing the case related to the rape of a minor allegedly by her uncle, who was living in her house, and had been repeatedly assaulting her sexually after making her unconscious.The court was irked with the FSL experts who submitted a DNA finger printing report stating the DNA could not be amplified from any of the victim's samples. After filing of the report by the FSL expert, the court had directed additional secretary (Home) of Delhi government G P Singh, who is also the officiating director of Rohini-based FSL, to appear before it to explain the delay and the steps taken by them to expedite it.Following the direction, Singh had appeared before the court and assured it that immediate steps would be taken so that DNA finger printing reports are filed on priority basis, particularly in cases relating to sexual assault. The court has asked Singh to get the forensic samples re-examined for a fresh DNA test.The court was also informed that, following its order, disciplinary action has already been taken against the SHO of Samaypur Badli police station and investigating officer for not depositing the exhibits for DNA test in time with the FSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760966", "title": "Latent fears and lack of confidence create safety issues", "text": "NAGPUR: There are no defined parameters that can describe an area as safe or unsafe for a woman, feels psychologist Sneha Damle. \"It is mostly about latent fears and levels of confidence of a woman,\" she says. It is a woman's lack of confidence and insecurities which make her act in an unsure manner leading her to feel unsafe in a given environment. \"The body language and the manner in which a woman interacts with people in an area show how she is feeling. If she is unsure it will reflect in her behaviour and will elicit unfavourable reactions from people,\" feels Damale.That's the reason women are scared of visiting places which they have not frequented or never been to alone. \"The fear of unknown is more in women than men. She is less likely to experiment with the environment that she is unaware of.\"Only areas that are notorious or infested with criminals can be defined as unsafe, for the rest it is a matter of perception, says Damle. \"A study of area she feels unsafe and keeping the focus on the purpose behind visiting that area can help surmount fears,\" she advises. This will prepare her for the various eventualities and give her the confidence of dealing with strangers.\"Nagpur is termed safe by most women because only a small percentage uses public transport here. In fact, sitting at home a woman can feel threatened even by a hostile phone call,\" says Damle.A safe place could be described as one where she does not feel physically or emotionally threatened, is not under stress and is happy to visit. \"Training has to be given to young girls to make them confident to remain comfortable even in unknown environment,\" says Damle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "17763706", "title": "No breakthrough in policeman's murder case", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: No breakthrough has been made by the police so far in the broad daylight murder of a policeman Gangesh Kumar at Rosera in Samastipur district on Friday.Gangesh was posted at Rosera police station and at the time of incident chasing motorcycle borne criminals on his motorcycle. He was however overpowered by the criminals who snatched his service revolver and shot him twice in his head from the same killing him on the spot.On Saturday, DIG Darbhanga range Sudanshu Kumar visited the place and inquired into the incident. He gave directions to his subordinates. Later, a forensic team also visited Rosera and after inspecting the murder place and collecting the evidences confirmed that Gangesh was killed by the criminals from his service revolver. On Sunday IG, Darbhanga Zone, GS Gangwar reached Rosera and inspected the murder spot with Samastipur SP BK Sinha, SDPO Rosera Mithilesh Kumar and other police officers. He directed the policemen to search the place of murder again to get any evidence. According to police sources, two persons have been detained by the Bibhutipur police in this connection as the criminals fled towards Bibhutipur after committing the crime.On Monday, both the Samastipur SP and the Rosera SDPO said police are making an all out effort to solve this blind case and hoped that soon the killers would be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17767086", "title": "Highest temperature in Karnataka recorded at Bantwal.", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 37.5\u00c2\u00b0C on December 25 at 3.45 pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 8.3\u00c2\u00b0C is recorded in Nittur hobli in Bhalki taluk of Bidar district on December 26 at 7am. Somenahalli hobli in Gudibanda taluk of Chikkaballapura district recorded maximum rainfall of 1mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Wednesday.Maximum relative humidity of 99.9% is recorded in Jala hobli of Bangalore North taluk in Bangalore urban district on December 26 from 6.45am to 7am. Minimum relative humidity of 22.1% is recorded in Gulbarga hobli in Gulbarga taluk of Gulbarga district on December 25 at 4pm. Mainly dry weather prevailed over the state in the above 24-hours. Rainfall was negligible in 30 districts and North-East monsoon too was weak in 30 districts.Very light rain was reported in eight districts and no rain in 12 districts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 26 recorded deficit rainfall of 23%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 189mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 26, the four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.2mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761046", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcForeigners have no money to invest in FDI in India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving a new angle to the debate on FDI in retail, all India joint convenor of Swadeshi Jagran Manch and well-known chartered accountant S Gurumurthy has questioned whether foreigners had money to invest in India's retail. Citing various reports, Gurumurthy opined that the country required foreign currency and not foreign investment.Gurumurthy, who has been in limelight for the past couple of months after giving a clean chit to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari in the questionable funding of Purti group of companies, was in city on Tuesday to speak on FDI in retail. Rotary Club of Nagpur Ishanya, in association with Swadeshi Jagran Manch, had organized the debate on Tuesday.Taking a dig at various sections of the society for not realizing the loss if FDI came in retail, Gurumurthy said the model was just part of the worldwide drive to save the United States.\"Former chief economic advisor to the government of India Shankar Acharya, in an article, had mentioned that he was shocked to find that the country received just 1.20% of total investment through foreign investment in 20 years, from 1991 to 2011. This was despite the fact that we opened sectors like telecom and manufacturing industry to foreign investment. It proves that we were able to increase our GDP without foreign investment. Even we may take the third place after America and China, and also surpass China in future. Debate on FDI in retail should begin from this point which would prove FDI in retail model as unsustainable,\" he said.Gurumurthy said retail sector was the biggest among all in the country and linked with various aspects, including Indian culture and family savings. \"Retail contributes 16.70% of our GDP, followed by agriculture at 15%. Right from employment to agriculture and culture to save money, we may lose everything if FDI is allowed in retail. WalMart will be the lone beneficiary by becoming a 'middleman' between producers and retailers. The amazing part is that the government is announcing FDI in retail when many foreign cities are either not allowing WalMart or terming it as slow death of retail,\" he said.Ajay Patki and office-bearers of Rotary also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762535", "title": "Prayers offered at church", "text": "LUDHIANA: On Christmas, a large number of city residents prayed for the Delhi gang rape victim at the Bethel Church. Prayers were accompanied by an appeal to ensure that nothing of the sort happened again.Senior father, pastor Janak Abraham said, \"Special prayers were offered for the Delhi rape victim. Every one is concerned about the incident and almost all the devotees had requested a prayer session. I hope she recovers from the trauma,\" father Abraham said.He asked devotees present to stop violence against women. School children sang Christmas carols to the accompaniment of devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762513", "title": "11-yr-old rape victim's mental scars may never heal", "text": "JAIPUR: The trauma and shock may never end for an 11-year-old girl from Sikar who is battling for life at J K Lon Hospital, five months after she was abducted and raped by two youths.The girl has undergone two surgeries for the injuries inflicted on her private and other body parts by the accused.According to doctors, complete psychological recovery is distant. It will few more months before she could be discharged from the hospital.The victim along with her elder sister went to watch a 6-9pm movie show at a theatre near their house in Sikar town on August 20.After enjoying the movie, the two girls decided to walk home. Just then, two youths stopped their jeep near them and forced the victim into the vehicle.The girl was found dumped on the roadside the next day around 10 am, severely bleeding and in a state of shock. The accused-Suresh Jat, Ramesh Sharma-were arrested and the case was closed.For the victim and her family, the pain and anger refuse to subside even five months after the incident.The girl was later referred to J K Lon hospital, a family member of the victim said.\"More than the physical injuries what has caused more damage is the mental trauma she underwent during that entire night when she was being brutally raped. She often wakes up in the middle of the night and shouts for help,\" the victim's sister said.Dr Javed who is treating the girl said, \"It might take a couple of months more for the girl to recover. The injuries will get healed, but I don't know how she will be prepared to cope up with the mental trauma after she is discharged. A panel of senior doctors is looking after her,\" he said.The incident coupled with the family's financial condition has made the struggle for existence more arduous for the teen.\"My parents migrated to Sikar from Bihar's Darbhanga in search of a livelihood. Our father had passed away after a prolonged illness five months before the rape incident. We were yet to come to terms with his loss when this happened. I don't know how we will survive as mother is also not keeping well,\" the sister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762495", "title": "Woman files FIR against husband for forcing her into flesh trade", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year old woman has registered an FIR against her husband for forcing her into flesh trade after making a mobile video clip showing her in a sleazy act in Sriganganagar town. The woman complained against eight other men also who she says took advantage of her and encouraged her husband to \"supply\" her to several men.The police said that the woman had, in fact, been arrested in Jaipur's Shipra Path area on charges of prostitution. The police have arrested the husband and launched a probe into her allegations against other men.According to SP, Sriganganagar, Santosh Chalke, the woman had married one Sandeep Bajaj, a resident of Sriganganagar on July 13, 2102.\"The woman who belongs to Sikar district had given a complaint to me a couple of days ago regarding her sexual harassment. Sandeep is unemployed,\" said the officer.As per the statement recorded before the police, the woman said that soon after wedding, Sandeep started forcing her to visit other men.\"She says that Sandeep made a mobile clip showing her in a compromising position and started blackmailing her. She has given the names of eight men who she says raped her and forced her into flesh trade,\" said the officer.After lodging the complaint, police initiated an investigation and found that the woman had been arrested from Shipra Path area recently.\"As per the arrest report that we have secured from our counterparts in Jaipur, she had been booked under sections of Prevention of Illegal Trafficking Act,\" said the officer.When the police found the woman's allegations against her husband prima-facie true, he was arrested on Tuesday.\"We are checking the background and other details about the eight men who were accused of sexually exploiting her. We will arrest them also if the allegations are corroborated with evidence,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767316", "title": "Dabangg 2 collects Rs 92.66 crores in 5 days", "text": "The last release of the year came in the form of Salman Khan's 'Dabangg 2' and gave a befitting end to 2012 with its record-breaking business.With its opening weekend collection (Rs 57 crores), the film broke the record of Salman's last release Ek Tha Tiger despite being the fact that Ek Tha Tiger was an Eid release while Dabangg 2 released on a non-holiday Friday.The collections over the first 5 days are a record-breaking Rs 92.66 crores (day-wise breakup: Friday - 21.10 Cr, Saturday - 19.06 Cr, Sunday - 25Cr, Monday - 12Cr, Tuesday - 15.5 Cr). With no release this Friday and the New Year holiday season, the film remains the only choice and option for moviegoers and thereby the business should further grow. Certainly the film will soon be a part of the Rs 100 crore club.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Dabangg 2Position: 1Director: Arbaaz KhanCast: Salman Khan , Sonakshi Sinha , Vinod Khanna , Prakash RajUpside: Salman Khan's style and charisma, good musicDownside: Cliched plot, same treatment and direction as the prequelRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: As expected, Dabangg 2 opened to an overwhelming response at the Box Office. The collections over the first 5 days are a record-breaking Rs 92.66 crores (day-wise breakup: Friday - Rs 21.10 Cr, Saturday - 19.06 Cr, Sunday - 25Cr, Monday - 12Cr, Tuesday - 15.5 Cr). Collection figures for Tuesday are awaited and expected to be as good since it was a Christmas public holiday. With no release this Friday and the New Year holiday season, the film remains the only choice and option for moviegoers and thereby the business should further grow.Film: TalaashPosition: 2Director: Reema KagtiCast: Aamir Khan , Kareena Kapoor , Rani MukherjiUpside: Interesting plot, good performances, good suspenseDownside: Slow pacing, no thrillsRunning Week: 4Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Khiladi 786Position: 3Director: Ashish R MohanCast: Akshay Kumar , Asin, Mithun Chakravarthy, Himesh ReshammiyaUpside: Some funny moments, good musicDownside: Slapstick humour, patchy plot, average performancesRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Jab Tak Hain JaanPosition: 4Director: Yash ChopraCast: Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif , Anushka SharmaUpside: Good performances by lead cast, technically brilliant, Yash Chopra brand full-blooming romance, decent musicDownside: Too long and often slowRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict : Super HitFilm: Son of SardaarPosition: 5Director: Ashwani DhirCast: Ajay Devgn, Sanjay Dutt , Sonakshi Sinha, Juhi ChawlaUpside: Interesting plot, some funny momentsDownside: Stretched second half, overdose of action, silly jokes, dull musicRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict: Super Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765559", "title": "Santhanam locks horns with Karthi and Kamal", "text": "Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) Santhanam, Power Star Srinivasan, Sethu and Vishakha in the lead has joined the Pongal race and will fight it out with Karthi's Alex Pandian and Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam which are also slated for release on the same day.KLTA is said to be a comedy film directed by Manikandan which also stars VTV Ganesh in an important role and Simbu has done a cameo as well. The advertisements with the list of theatres are already out indicating that it is sure-fire release for this Pongal.Produced by Santhanam under his his Handmade Films banner ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' promises to be a complete laugh riot. Interestingly Jayam Ravi's ' Aadhi Bhagavan ' and Vishal's ' Madha Gaja Raja ' could also join the bandwagon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17650265", "title": "8 most popular health news of 2012", "text": "As the year comes to a close we bring you the most popular health stories of 2012 that raised curiosity , stirred debates and brought a silver lining to some. From 'mirror fasting' to 'saree leading to cancer', there were some brilliant bits of news. Here we pick up the 8 most popular stories in the last 12 months.1. You shouldn't wash chicken before cookingThis may sound stupid but according to a study washing chicken puts you at a higher risk of getting food poisoning, spreads bacteria around the kitchen. \"Home cooks are probably following what their parents or grandparents did in the past by washing poultry, not to mention probably patting it dry with a tea towel,\" Food Safety Information Council Chairman, Dr Michael Eyles, said.\"But washing poultry splashes these bacteria around the kitchen cross contaminating sinks, taps, your hands, utensils, chopping boards and foods that aren't going to be cooked like salads or desserts,\" he said.2. Is mirror-fasting really a good idea?This wasn't read by many people, but of course it became one of the most popular health trends in 2012. According to Christine Morgan from the Butterfly Foundation, an organisation that supports people dealing with eating disorders and negative body image, mirror-checking is more of a symptom than a cause when it comes to negative body image. \"If people are trying to change their size or shape, they will be using a mirror to check on how that is going,\" News.com.au quoted her as saying.\"Mirror fasting may take the focus off appearance for some people, but the problem starts in the head,\" she said.3. Saree causes cancer:This was a warning health issue for all the women in India. According to an article in the November issue of the Journal of the Indian Medical Association, doctors at Grant Medical College in Mumbai have reported cases of what they are referring to as sari cancer.\"We have treated three women for waist or sari cancer in the last couple of years,\" says author of the article Dr G D Bakhshi, who is an associate professor of surgery at Grant. He authored the piece with colleagues Dr Ashok D Borisa and Dr Mukund B Tayade. While two of the patients diagnosed a couple of years ago are mentioned in the article, the third was detected just three months ago. All the women were above the age of 40.\"The sari petticoat, if tied in the same place day after day, can cause chronic irritation along the waistline,\" says the report. \"The constant irritation can result in scaling or pigmentation. But most sari-wearers don't notice it until it gets chronic,\" says Dr Bakhshi.4. Oral sex good for women's healthProbably this was the most-read health story. A study which studied the effects of semen's \"mood-altering chemicals\" has claimed that oral sex is good for women's health and makes them feel happier.The State University of New York study, which scientists carried out via survey rather than through practical experiment, compared the sex lives of 293 females to their mental health. It follows research, which shows that seminal fluid contains chemicals that elevates mood, increases affection, induces sleep and also contains at least three anti-depressants.The researchers also claimed that women who have regular unprotected sex are less depressed and perform better on cognitive tests.5. Have sex for 3-6 months before conceiving babyThis has to be the most important thing for couples planning a baby. Couples planning a baby should have intercourse for three to six months before conception to increase their chances of producing a healthy baby, a University of Adelaide research has suggested.A woman's repeated exposure to her partner's sperm allowed her immune system time to build up tolerance to the foreign fluid and support a pregnancy, according to Prof Sarah Robertson from the university's Robinson Institute.\"We now know that an average of at least 3-6 months coitus with their partner is necessary to get their immune system to respond correctly to enable a healthy pregnancy,\" News.com.auquoted Prof Robertson as saying.6. Watch horror movies to burn caloriesWatching a scary movie for just 90 minutes could help burn as much as 113 calories, which is close to the amount burned during a half-hour walk and equivalent to a chocolate bar, a University of Westminster study has revealed.The 1980 psychological thriller 'The Shining' was on the top of the list of calorie-burners, with the average viewer using up a whopping 184 calories.'Jaws' took the runner-up spot, with viewers burning on average 161 calories, and 'The Exorcist' came third, with 158 calories, the Telegraph reported.7. Chewing paan can cause oral cancer:This finding worried millions of Indians as chewing paan is a very common thing in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17763449", "title": "Bereaved man drives car into kids in China", "text": "BEIJING: Thirteen middle school children were injured when an enraged man, upset by a court ruling in the murder of his daughter, rammed his car loaded with a gas tank and firecrackers into a group of 23 students in northern China, officials said on Tuesday.Divorced and without a stable job, the man, identified as 48-year-old Yin Tiejun drove his vehicle right into the group of students of Fengning No 1 Middle School at the Manchu Autonomous County of Fengning in Hebei Province, even though they had nothing to do with his daughter's murder. All the 13 students were hospitalized with injuries that included skull fractures and crushed feet.Police said after the accident Yin lit a bottle of diesel, trying to burn down the car after hitting the students. Police officers, who put out the fire, found a gas tank and firecrackers in the trunk of the car. Yin claimed during interrogation that these were not meant for the attack. Police cleared Yin of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.They said he was upset with a court ruling that did not sentence all his daughter's murderers to death.Yin was detained on charges of endangering public safety. Attacks by frustrated and disgruntled people on school children were taking place all over the China posing serious challenge to the protection of children and students.On December 14, a man armed with cleaver attacked children in a village in primary school in China's Henan Province injuring 23 of them. He was stated to be suffering from epilepsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17762649", "title": "Deaf, dumb &amp; disabled raped in Betul district", "text": "BHOPAL: A 25-year-old deaf-dumb and disabled woman, was raped by her neighbour in Betul district. The incident took place on December 17 and a complaint was lodged on Monday, said police. The accused was arrested on charges of rape and criminal intimidation and sent to jail.The incident took place at Songarh village, 65 kilometers from the district headquarters, when the bed-ridden disabled victim was alone at her residence, additional superintendent of police (ASP) Gitesh Mishra told TOI.Her mother was out of station, he said. The accused Raju, 30, who lived 100 meters away from the victim's house, took advantage of the situation and raped her. He ran outside the house after two women from her neighbourhood rushed to her house hearing her screams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17761464", "title": "Locals demand death for Delhi rape accused", "text": "PATIALA: Demanding death penalty for the accused of Delhi gang rape, hundreds of local residents came on streets and organized a protest march which remained politician-free. Parvesh Rao who owns a local press said: \"My entire family participated in the protest. I asked my friends and students to join in.\"The protest started from Sherwala gate up to fountain chowk, Theekeriwala chowk and concluded near Mahakali temple on the mall road. The agitation included students, young girls, women and local shopkeepers who demanded immediate death penalty for the accused. \"Central government must take immediate steps for fast trial in this case and hang all the accused to set an example to contain rapes in the future,\" said Shoba Jain, a homemaker.In Fatehgarh Sahib, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal announced that the Punjab government would soon enforce strict law for awarding harshest punishment to those accused of rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752996", "title": "Imran mistakenly receives Emraan's clothes", "text": "It was nothing short of a farcical faux pas when clothes meant for Emraan Hashmi in Mumbai were carried to Imran Khan in Chandigarh leaving the two stars amused and the production house common to both the projects, a little red-faced.There is Imran Khan. And there is Emraan Hashmi. And the two shall never meet. Or at least one can safely say they lead very different personal and professional lives.Until now when they are both part of two different films produced by Vishal Bharadwaj. And now we hear there was a massive confusion over their identical names, thought spelt differently within Vishal Bharadwaj's production team eventuating in outrageous miscommunication regarding the requirements of the two actors.Says a source from Vishal's team, \"Though Emran was shooting for Ek Thi Daayan in Film City, Mumbai and Imran was on location in Chandigarh for Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola , clothes meant for Emraan in Film City were transported to Imran in Chandigarh. \"It was left to the two stars to see the lighter side of the confusion created by their similar-sounding names. We hear the Imran and Emraan were highly amused when the production team insisted on sending shooting-material to the wrong Imran/Emraan.Says the team member, \"We were even able to joke about it. Some of us suggested that perhaps wearing Emraan's clothes would make Imraan a terrific kisser. Luckily Emraan and Imraan saw the lighter side of the mix-up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761311", "title": "Poojary sets a trend, to perform paada pooje to dalit widow", "text": "MANGALORE: Former Union minister B Janardhana Poojary has decided to perform 'paada pooje' to a widow hailing from a dalit family at Kudroli Sri Gokarnanatheshwara Temple here on January 1, 2013 to send across a message against caste system.The veteran Congress leader will also hold a 'urulu seve' on the Kudroli temple premises on the same day as a token of protest against Made Made Snana ritual at Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple. \"Paada pooje and urulu seve are aimed at creating awareness against inhuman practices prevailing in the society in the name of religion and caste,\" the former minister said.Prior to paada pooje, a rathotsava will be organized in the temple at 10am.\"Anna santharpane (mass feeding) will follow paada pooje and urulu seve. There is no restrictions like 'soothaka' and 'madige' (banning the entry of devotees when their blood relatives die or when a woman in their family gives birth. women are also denied entry during their menstrual cycle) in Kudroli Temple, where devotees of all religion and caste are treated equally,\" the former Union minister added. It may be recalled that Poojary had organized an oath-taking ceremony on January 1, 2012 where hundreds of married women including Poojary's wife Malathi pledged that they would not shun symbols of marriage - sporting kum kum on their foreheads and wearing bangles, flowers or toe ring - in the eventuality of their husbands pre-deceasing them.Poojary had also organized a rathotsava exclusively for widows in the at Kudroli Sri Gokarnanatheshwara Temple on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17763819", "title": "Xmas trees absorb greenhouse gas", "text": "WASHINGTON: Christmas trees are absorbing methane, a super greenhouse gas that they were previously suspected of emitting, scientists claim. The discovery that some trees are absorbing methane comes from Elin Sundqvist and colleagues at Lund University and Stockholm University in Sweden.They did forest and laboratory measurements and analysed gases being exchanged by tree branches of pine, spruce and birch trees under a variety of conditions , Discovery News said.\"In contrast to earlier studies of CH4 (methane) exchange by plants, we find a net consumption by all plants studied both in situ and in the laboratory,\" researchers concluded.The discovery could offer a new explanation to an observed levelling off of methane concentrations in Earth's atmosphere , the researchers said.Earlier work they cited suggested that the methane levels were slowing as a result of less fossil fuel burning while another study suggested that maybe there were fewer microbes making methane in the Northern hemisphere . \"Our results offer a third explanation: that an increasing amount of CH4 has been taken up by vegetation during the last decades as a consequence of increased greenness,\" the experts said.In other words, the observed increases in vegetation (greening) could mean trees are working harder at absorbing methane.The study was published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762236", "title": "Brave techie helps nab 2 chain-snatchers", "text": "CHENNAI: A software professional, refusing to be cowed down by two men who snatched her chain at Thoraipakkam on Monday, nabbed them with the help of passersby. The bike-borne assailants were later handed over to police.Police said B Leelavathy, 25, a project associate with a software company in Thoraipakkam, was on her way to the company when the incident occurred.It was 10am when she got off at Thoraipakkam. Leelavathy, who was on her maternity leave had taken a bus from near her house in Purasaiwalkam and had come to complete a formality at her office. She had walked a few metres from the bus stop when she noticed two men on a bike coming behind her. Before she could realize what was happening, the pillion rider, dressed in a T-shirt and trousers, had placed his hands on her nine-sovereign gold chain.\"I was shocked when I realized that it was a chain-snatching attempt and held the chain tight,\" Leelavathy told TOI. \"Though they were moving on their bike, holding my chain in one hand, I was in no mood to let him go and gave a chase,\" she said.The woman was dragged for a few meters and shouted for help. But the duo managed to snatch the chain as she fell to on the ground. The chain snatcher, who slipped from the bike, and the rider abandoned the bike and took to their heels.Leelavathy noticed them entering a small lane and informed passersby and other local residents who had gathered by then.The crowd gave chase and caught hold of the accused who were found hiding behind a compound wall and handed them over to the Kannagi Nagar police.\"It was crowded area and it was a daring attempt by the duo, who were drunk,\" said Leelavathy, who is yet to recover from the shock. \"It's high time all women learnt some martial art to protect themselves from such offenders,\" she said.The Kannagi Nagar police identified the arrested as Arun Kumar, 23, of Sathya Nagar and Shiva Kumar, 28, of Sharma Nagar in Vyasarpadi. They were habitual offenders who had come out of Puzhal prison on December 13.They had been involved in a few house break-ins in Maduravoyal. In 2012 they were involved in chain snatching cases in north Chennai and were detained under the Goondas Act in February this year, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17761474", "title": "Rickshaw puller booked for attacking wife with chilly powder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Suspecting involvement of her 55-year-old wife in illicit relations, a migrant rickshaw puller residing in Karnal allegedly put chilly powder on her private parts.Superintendent of police, Karnal, Shashank Anand, said that though doctors did not find any injuries during the medical examination, investigation has been initiated. \"The woman was assaulted on Sunday and a complaint was made to police on Monday after the woman had her medical tests done in a local government hospital,\" Anand said.The woman works as a domestic help in several homes in Karnal and the rickshaw puller had been reportedly asking him to withdraw from this work. A police officer said that the man had threatened her to teach her a lesson of she doesn't listen.The women cell of the police has recommended a case in the matter and on Monday, the police lodged an FIR under sections 498A (husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17761160", "title": "Letting her imagination paint on canvas", "text": "MHOW: At 73, Mira Paintal, wife of Maj Gen (retired) BS Paintal, the former commandant of Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) is busy round the clock in painting various themes in her mind on the canvas. Mira is an accomplished painter having earned her name in the field of painting not only in India but also abroad.On Tuesday evening, Mira was giving final touches to her Lord Ganesha painting to be sent to US on the order of one of her clients there. She has two studios in her house, one being in open air amidst nature while the other one is a proper studio just like any other artist. Her paintings adorn the walls of big business houses in Indore, Delhi, Kolkata, Pune, Bangalore and overseas -- Australia, Switzerland , Germany and the USA.Talking to TOI, Mira said she had been working as the regional head of a French garment company of the region including India, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh . She retired at 56 and simultaneously with the retirement of her husband, they settled in Mhow. In 1986, at the age of 56, she started painting on her own and soon mastered the art. In April 2000, she had her first exhibition in a city hotel in Indore followed by another exhibition after six months. Just after that, she started receiving orders from Delhi, Kolkata, Pune, Bangalore, Indore and even from foreign countries such as England, USA, Germany and Switzerland.The Gracemount hotel in Mussuori is completely decorated with her paintings and many big business houses along with eminent families have placed her paintings to decorate their walls.About her most favourite paintings, she said that the one of different poses of Lord Ganesha and that of a Rajasthani family are the best of her creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761225", "title": "IPL auction in 2014 likely to be held in rupees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2014, the IPL auction could be conducted in Indian rupees due to fluctuating exchange rates. According to sources in the Indian cricket board (BCCI), the IPL governing council is mulling the move to help the franchises get a clear idea of what a player's actual salary will be.\"The auction is likely to be held in rupees rather than dollars. The IPL think tank wants to bring in this change,\" a top BCCI official told TOI on Tuesday.In its inaugural auction in 2008, IPL had a standard rate of Rs 40 per dollar irrespective of the market value of the currencies. To this day, Indian cricketers are paid at the same rate. But as the rupee's value fell drastically, team owners had to shell out more for foreign cricketers.Sources said some team owners had discussed this issue with the IPL bosses back then but nothing happened. Sources said next year's auction would be held in dollars. From the following year, when the contracts of all cricketers come to an end, players will be paid in Indian rupees.It is also learned that most IPL teams want all the players in the auction pool at the 2014 auction and the BCCI is mulling over this issue, sources told TOI. Another demand from the teams is that the Indian domestic cricketers should be put in the auction like foreign domestic players who land up making more money. \"This is an Indian league and our domestic cricketers should be treated at par with the domestic cricketers from foreign countries,\" said an official.It was learnt that one team wants the IPL's governing council to consider minimum sponsorship rates for every team. The reason given is that some of the weaker teams at times struggle to get the right price and if there is a minimum rate, it will help those teams maintain sound financial health.Times ViewThe shift from dollar auctions to rupee ones makes sense. After all, the league is based in India and franchises would want to have some fix on how much they would need to spend in rupee terms. As long as the exchange rate wasn't too volatile, dollar auctions didn't make too much of a difference, but given the depreciation of the rupee against the dollar, this was bound to cause some strife.While in the process of changing the auction rules, the IPL should also do away with the salary cap on uncapped players. All the cap does is to open up scope for under-the-table deals with really promising youngsters, thus exposing them to corrupt practices. The more transparency we can have, the better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762895", "title": "Locals etch protest demand in blood", "text": "GUWAHATI: A unique protest against the Delhi gang rape was seen in the city on Tuesday. Locals from Kahilipara area of the city donated a drop of blood each to draw a sketch with blood, demanding exemplary punishment for the six accused in the rape of the 23-year-old physiotherapy student.\"We can't go violent to protest against the Delhi gang rape incident. We are drawing a sketch of a victimized woman, the map of India and the rope with which a convict is hanged on a single piece of canvas to express our anguish and pain over the Delhi gang rape incident. Each of us has given one drop of blood to support the girl who is battling for her life in Delhi,\" said Rana Bhattacharjee, secretary of the Sanskritik Samaj of Kahilipara Colony.Over 100 people from locality joined the unique protest which was held near the Kahilipara market. A total of 25 people - children as well as senior citizens - donated one drop of blood each to paint the canvas.Sangita Das, a college girl who took part in the campaign against women atrocities at Kahilipara, said, \"Enough is enough. We want strict implementation of laws in cases of crime against women in Guwahati and other parts of the state from now. The culprits who brutally gang raped the medical student in a moving bus in Delhi should be hanged till death. The police need to pull their socks up to protect the women who are not at all safe in Guwahati.\"A 60-year-old women said with the drop of blood she has donated, she has joined the protest against the criminals. \"Let's unite to give justice to the women who are struggling to get justice. We want the city to join hands with us in our campaign against women atrocities,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762641", "title": "Cops, witnesses clash over 'rape attempt'", "text": "Kolkata: At 11.45pm on Monday, inside an abandoned JNNURM public bus parked on a side of Diamond Harbour Road just 400 metres from Thakurpukur police station, a man was caught with his pants down, trying to force himself on a woman, who had been stripped and was screaming in agony. It was her shrieks, piercing through the chilly stillness of the night, which alerted the locals.They nabbed the man, rescued the woman and called police. Eyewitnesses and police gave different versions of what happened next. But as details of the case appeared fuzzier with every question and the versions conflicted at key points, furious residents staged protests outside the police station on Tuesday morning, alleging a cover-up.The witnesses insisted a rape case should be registered since they had caught the culprit in the act and handed him over to cops, while police maintained the woman had lodged a molestation complaint and it never got custody of the accused. But police blew holes in its own version by saying the woman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d described as a vagabond who had come to Thakurpukur in search of food \u00e2\u20ac\u201d appeared mentally deranged and was inconsistent in her statements.It triggered more allegations of lax policing and questions from witnesses about the basis on which their accounts were ignored and a molestation case was registered. Police were also accused of pressuring one of the witnesses to delete a photograph of the accused he had clicked on his cellphone.The witnesses claim the suspected rapist, believed to be a labourer from Bihar, initially gave them the slip after they entered the bus and were distracted by the woman's screams. They say he wrapped himself in a shawl and escaped but returned after some time to retrieve his clothes believing the locals had left with the woman. But they were actually waiting in a corner, sure that the chill would force him to return for his clothes and also his wallet, which had Rs 1,500 in cash.Prasenjit Karmakar, a local resident who was among those who rescued the woman, said they cornered him and beat him up. The cops arrived around 12.50am, they said. \"Police were handed over the accused and his belongings, including the cash, and the victim,\" said Sheikh Subid Ali alias Mintu, who runs a shop near Kadamtala bus stand, where the vehicle was parked. A little later, Mintu claims he received a call on his cellphone from the cops, asking him to record his statement. \"But after another 20 minutes, to my surprise, I saw the accused briskly walking away. We chased him, but he managed to flee,\" he said.The police, however, refuted the claim. Joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said, \"By whatever we got from the victim, yet to be identified, she was being molested by an unknown accused. Locals caught him and informed the police. As the police was speaking to the victim, the accused managed to flee. We are probing the case with all significance.\"Deputy commissioner (Behala) Subrata Mitra said the woman was taken to SSKM hospital on Tuesday for a forensic examination. \"When police reached the spot, there was chaos. The accused took the opportunity and fled,\" he said. A Thakurpukur police station officer who spoke to the woman said, \"She didn't say she was raped. She told us the accused hugged her. But she was inconsistent in her statements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17761585", "title": "Rs 37 lakh spent on room President Pranab Mukherjee used just for an hour", "text": "BELGAUM: Rs 198 lakh of the taxpayers' money was spent when President Pranab Mukherjee was in Belgaum to inaugurate the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in October.The government renovated the circuit house (CH) ahead of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit. It spent over Rs 161 lakh on renovation and around Rs 37 lakh on furnishing the room, where Mukherjee spent just an hour on October 11.RTI activist Bhimappa Gadad from Mudalagi in Gokak taluk sought information from the public works department on the expenditure incurred during the President's visit.There are two Circuit House buildings in the same compound near the central bus stand. One was inaugurated two years ago. The old building and the compound was renovated during the World Kannada Meet (WKM) held in the city last year.This before the government spent Rs 32 lakh in 2010-11 and Rs 18 lakh in 2011-12 for renovating the circuit house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17762659", "title": "Stabbed Mumbai girl loses battle for life", "text": "MUMBAI: After battling for life for three days, 21-year-old collegian Payal Balsara succumbed on Tuesday to the stab injuries inflicted by her classmate at Chetana College of Commerce. The death shrouded the Bandra (east) college in grief, with scores of students streaming to attend Balsara's funeral.Doctors said Balsara developed an infection in the intestine, which worsened her condition. \"She had suffered sepsis, gangrene in her bowels and a clot in her leg. We conducted a surgery for the clot on Saturday and later put her on dialysis since her kidneys failed. We had to operate on her again on Monday as she started sinking. The end came at 5.47am on Tuesday,\" said Dr Narendra Sharma, in-charge of the intensive care unit at Gurunanak Hospital, where Balsara was admitted.Balsara was rushed to the hospital on Saturday morning after her classmate, 22-year-old Nikhil Bankar, gored her repeatedly with a knife on the steps of their college. As Balsara's friends screamed with terror, Bankar then stabbed himself. He too was taken to the same hospital, where he succumbed to injuries within hours.Balsara's death on Tuesday sent her family into a spiral of grief. Her maternal uncle, with whom the youngster had stayed for a large part of her life, mumbled that the incident was too tragic to talk about. Another relative added, \"Payal was jovial; she was always joking and smiling. It is an unimaginable loss to the family.\"Yet another relative said Balsara's mother was aware of her friendship with Bankar, \"but they could never imagine that the boy would take such an extreme step\".In the afternoon, residents crowded the narrow bylanes of Prabhat Colony in Santa Cruz , where Balsara's body was taken before her funeral. Balsara, her parents and their extended family had spent a large part of their lives in Prabhat Colony. Her parents moved to Mira Road a year ago.\"Payal was staying with her uncle at his Kalina flat since it was easier to commute to college from there. In another six months, her college term would have ended and she would have moved back with her parents. She had planned to go abroad to study further,\" a neighbour said. Balsara's younger brother studies at the same college.After the death, Kherwadi police, which had booked Bankar posthumously for \"attempt to murder\", turned it into a murder case. Since Bankar has passed away, an abetted summary will be filed before court. \"We are in the process of reconstructing Saturday's events, for which we may take the help of an illustrator,\" said senior inspector Avdhoot Chavan. \"Going through their text messages may help us identify the trigger behind the murder.\"A month ago, Bankar was counselled by police after Balsara's uncle lodged a non-cognizable complaint against him. Balsara's mother claimed that Bankar was trying to force her into a relationship with him. The Balsaras also complained to the college coordinator, who took down an undertaking of good behaviour from Bankar.\"We have recorded statements of 13 witnesses and friends of Bankar and Balsara. Neither set of parents have talked to us as they are grieving,\" Chavan said. \"We were carrying out sensitization programmes and awareness lectures at Chetana College, with women's security as the focus. Unfortunately, Bankar and Balsara's class was the only one left to be covered.\" The police are now trying to ascertain whether Bankar and Balsara were in touch a few days before the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761858", "title": "Prayers in church, feasts at home mark the day", "text": "MYSORE: The city celebrated Christmas with both Catholic and Protestant churches being decked with colourful buntings and lights.The celebrations at St Philomena Church started at midnight. Christmas carols were sung late into night and thousands of Christians congregated for the celebrations at the church.Bishop Thomas A Vazhapilly and other members of the church carried the idol of Infant Jesus. The idol was placed in a specially designed crib amidst chanting and music. Prayers were held under the guidance of the bishop. Special prayers in Tamil, English and Kannada were held early in the morning.Father William said: \"Christmas celebration is not just limited to one day. It is called an octave. Christmas trees are set up in houses and gifts are offered to the poor.\"St Barthalomew's Church conducted a special candle service on Christmas eve, while Wesley Church held prayers and distributed cakes. The sand sculpture of Santa Claus at Infant Jesus Church on Hunsur Road was a major attraction. Christmas prayers were also held there.The exchange of gifts and cakes was a common sight at all churches, and people of all communities greeted each other. Prayer at the church was followed by a feast of wine and meat along with sweet dishes at homes, which were decorated with an illuminated star and a colourfully decked Christmas tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15475117", "title": "Couples should fight well, not dirty", "text": "Fighting the right way can prevent an argument from turning into an explosive situation, says a new study. Is there a model fight?Kritika Singh, a 28-year-old Human Resources professional recently moved back in with her husband, Kunal, a 33-year-old investment banker, a year after she left home with their infant son. The reasons for the rift were many, but when pressed, Singh remembers only the most painful \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kunal's behaviour when they fought. Kunal, who wasn't keen to turn parent soon after marriage, was angry when Singh announced she was pregnant. Although her doctor advised against abortion due to gynaecological concerns, Kunal failed to see reason. As tempers flared, he would berate Singh for quitting her job after their son was born, and often thump his fist against a wall or table for emphasis. Sometimes, he'd push her around, too. Kritika would fight back, but never tell Kunal to stop hurting her. Two years after they got married, Singh decided to leave Kunal, unwilling to live with him or work things out. He approached a counsellor, who made him understand that the real way to tackle anger is two-pronged \u00e2\u20ac\u201d understand where it's coming from, and learn how to express it the right way. A recent study published in international journal Behaviour Therapy found that intervention which addresses how couples fight has a positive outcome.Communication exercises like editing out the negative and accepting your partner's influence, leads to a decrease in aggressive behaviour. The study was conducted among couples whose fights ended in violence. Editing out the negative, which involves checking one's defensive response to say something negative (increasing backand-forth in arguments), and accepting influence, in which one does not invalidate the partner's concerns, have also been found to be effective among non-violent partners.Dr Minnu Bhonsle, consulting psychotherapist and relationship counsellor offers behavioural therapy for fighting couples. This involves a four-step method on expressing what's bothering a person; active listening by their partner; and the right way to apologise. Cognitive therapy sessions (telling oneself not to give into one's impulse to say something negative, for instance) accompany these sessions. Often, anger masks unresolved issues that go back to a person's childhood, says Bhonsle, who meets partners individually to tackle their anger issues. \"Fights, even if they don't lead to violence, are a result of toxic communication styles. Both partners need to take responsibility for their aggression, which can be both, overt and covert,\" says Bhonsle.Overt aggression is exhibited by those who give in to their impulse, like Kunal, who'd initiate fights over matters that troubled him. Covert aggression is when a partner chooses to not communicate in each fight, but exhibits a violent outburst once in a while. This is what Singh did when she left Kunal after bearing with his aggression for two years and not seeking to communicate effectively.\"Her anger was seething under the surface,\" explains Bhonsle, who treated the duo. \"She needed to tell him what was acceptable, and not expect him to have foreknowledge of it,\" adds Bhonsle.Another important area of therapy involved making Kunal understand the consequences of his actions, and separating his personality from his actions.\"The idea is not to demonise the individual, but to draw attention to how their behaviour and actions are distinct, and can be changed,\" explains Bhonsle.If you put it well, your fight becomes a healthy discussion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something that Singh and Kunal learnt before it was too late.How to 'argue' effectively  Step 1: Describe what bothered you in a few lines. Don't accuse.Step 2: Describe how the event made you feel emotionally, but don't indulge in a 'you tirade' (\"You are insensitive\"; \"You are always putting me down\" etc).Step 3: Give a specific suggestion of what your partner could have done instead. \"I would have preferred it if you had ...\"Step 4: Prove the suggestion is a win-win situation (\"This would have made me feel respected and helped you have a good time, if I hadn't walked away\").How to listen actively  Step 1: After hearing your partner express what's bothering them, relay it back. \"You are saying you felt bad about X, if I had behaved this way, you would have felt Y, and I would have felt Z.\" This helps your partner feel unburdened and achieve closure.Step 2: Apologise. This is more than saying 'I am sorry'. You are required to say: \"I see it was wrong\"; \"I know it hurt you, I regret it\"; \"I am sorry; I am going to change, and I trust you will bear with me\"; \"Please forgive me, if you can.\" There is an action plan within this apology, and your partner is made to feel respected, and not pressured to offer instant forgiveness.Use the right words Drop demanding words like 'must' and 'should'. Try 'it would be nice if ...' Quit catastrophising. 'This is a disaster' can be replaced with 'it's inconvenient'; 'I can't handle it' indicates a low frustration threshold. Tell yourself, you can handle it. Rate a person's behaviour, not the person. 'His action was moronic' instead of 'He's a moron'.(Names of the partners have been changed to protect identity)Dhamini.Ratnam@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761181", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Now, top cop takes on CM over 'meddling' with girl's statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Embattled Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Tuesday took on chief minister Sheila Dikshit over allegations that the police sought to influence the statement of the 23-year-old victim of a gang rape that sparked angry public protests.Responding swiftly to Dikshit writing to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde about the reported \"interference\" in the recording of the statement by sub-divisional magistrate Usha Chaturvedi on Friday, Kumar flatly denied the charges and instead accused the official of bias.The CM's missive comes after her strong pitch for Kumar's sacking in the wake of the gang rape. The CM reportedly brought up the demand when she met Shinde on Sunday evening. Dikshit has argued that the city government could not be responsible for law and order as the police works under the home ministry.Chaturvedi, in a report, had said the police tried to \"intimidate\" her, insisting she follow a questionnaire. The SDM said she found the line of inquiry to be contrary to the account narrated by the victim. Chaturvedi also wanted the testimony to be videographed.The home ministry has sought an explanation from the police and is likely to order an inquiry. \"The contents of the letter are serious and alarming,\" the CM has said, referring to a communication sent to her by deputy commissioner (east) B K Mishra.The row came out in the open, with Kumar not only rejecting the SDM's account, but stating that Chaturvedi has had repeated run-ins with the police. \"This is not the first time the SDM has created a problem,\" Kumar said. He denied that the police had insisted on a questionnaire and said the SDM was briefed at her request.The combative rebuttal sent shock waves through the administration as Kumar said Chaturvedi was under no pressure to record the victim's statement. He pointed out that the statement was recorded as there was a concern that the victim may not survive. \"A dying declaration has evidentiary value,\" he said.Police sources said this was the third occasion since September that the SDM and the cops had differences. The CM's letter to the home minister cited a report from Mishra regarding the alleged interference faced by Chaturvedi, who is SDM of Vivek Vihar, while discharging her magisterial duties.The police chief said the SDM was briefed by the police before recording the statement because she requested this. \"If the situation was not suitable for recording the statement, she should not have recorded it,\" Kumar said. \"She made no complaint to us on the night of December 21 when the statement was taken. No one called us and gave us a chance to explain. Then all of a sudden, on the late evening of December 24, we were told a complaint was filed and a copy of the complaint was given to the media. It is very sad, because it can affect the investigation.\"In her complaint to the DC, Chaturvedi is learned to have stated that on December 21, she went to Safdarjung hospital to record the statement of the victim where DCP (South), ACP (Vasant Vihar) and ACP (Defence Colony) were present along with a huge entourage of police personnel.She cited how the police showed her a copy of the questionnaire and asked her to record them as facts. Chaturvedi went on to add that the brief was far from the actual events of the night of the crime as discovered by her while recording the statement of the victim later. Chaturvedi said in her complaint that the police tried to pressure her to record the statement at their convenience and when she objected, they \"misbehaved and tried to intimidate her\".Chaturvedi also pointed that a lot of time was wasted over whether the statement of the victim should be recorded on camera, as the police was trying to dissuade her from doing this.Police said the victim's family was worried that the video could be leaked to the media. Chaturvedi, however, said the victim's mother might have been influenced by the police to not allow videography when they failed to persuade her. The SDM claimed that she was finally able to start recording the statement around 8pm, after forcibly evicting the police personnel from the ICU.Kumar, on the other hand, said the police initially contacted the deputy commissioner of New Delhi Neela Mohan but since she had no woman SDM in the district, the police was directed to divisional commissioner Dharampal.\"He asked ACP (Vasant Vihar) to contact the SDM of Vivek Vihar, Usha Chaturvedi. Later, she came to the Delhi Police headquarters, from where she was escorted (to the hospital) by ACP Vasant Vihar. She was alone with the girl when she took her statement. She was not supplied any questionnaire. The SDM recorded the statement of the victim's mother at 7.40pm and left,\" the CP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763148", "title": "Chill in the air bites them hard", "text": "RAIPUR: Even as the Raipur Municipal Corporation's (RMC) six 'Raen Baseras' which have been set up for providing shelter to the homeless and poor during the winters, the latter seem to have been left out in the cold, literally.With the capital getting colder by the day, the homeless and poor are looking forward to some warmth from the concerned authority. A death has also been reported in the Bilaspur region due to cold, threatening to claim more, if proper measures aren't taken.The Raen Basera or the shelter houses were supposed to provide relief from the chilling cold with proper bed, mattresses, blanket and fire for warmth during the bone-chilling nights. The condition only worsens in December. With six zones having the shelter homes out of eight, the condition is too wretched to be used as a shelter.\"Who would feel warm with cold air piercing in through the broken windows in the shelter homes? Many of us do not get blankets and it's as bad as sleeping in the open,\" Charuwati, a homeless woman said. Talking to TOI, a zonal commissioner said that facilities of water, bed and fan have been provided in the shelter homes. \"What do we do with the fan in winters?\" an adult man sitting cuddled up outside the shelter home, asked. The zonal commissioner, not willing to be named, said that they have witnessed not more than 3-4 people in the last ten days. There was no wood available at the site to make a bonfire for them. \"There's no point in setting-up shelter homes if they can't provide basic facility. We would have made some other arrangements,\" said another homeless.Where the state is shivering due to the north-west cold winds, temperature in the capital has dipped down to below 9 degree Celsius in nights. Manish, a 12-year-old kid at the railway station said that he shares a blanket with a beggar double his age, who found it abandoned on the premises. Despite a population of more than 150 homeless people found at the railway station, RMC is yet to identify and register the total number of homeless in the city. \"Once they are identified, they would become a responsibility. RMC doesn't have sufficient funds nor support from the government,\" shrugged an RMC official.Zone commissioners accepted the fact of not providing bonfire like they did last year. Apart from this, the Chhattisgarh government, which claims to provide numerous facilities to the poor and tribals, do not have a single scheme named after the homeless. \"Every 10 days, we are thrown out of our temporary shelters on the footpath and under bridges over the alleged encroachment.\"Temporary shelter homes: zone 1: Khamtarai, zone3: Pandri, Tarun Nagar, zone 5: Vivekanand Ashram, Zone6: Tikrapara, Zone 7: Zorapara, Zone 8: Telghani Naka, No shelter homes in Zone 2 and Zone 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17761271", "title": "Shettar will inaugurate half-built bus stop today", "text": "KARWAR: The half-completed KSRTC bus stand in Karwar which will be inaugurated on Wednesday by CM Jagdish Shettar has no toilet. Balakrishna Pai, advocate and activist, has lodged a complaint with the deputy commissioner to direct the municipal commissioner to immediately grant permission to the KSRTC to connect their lavatory outlet to the city's sewerage system.The bus stand took nearly four years to complete. Chief minister Jagdish Shettar will inaugurate the bus stand on December 26. KSRTC sources said that construction of the rest of the bus stand will begin in the second week of January.Though a toilet has been built, Karwar City Municipal Council (CMC) authorities have not allowed KSRTC authorities to connect the outlets to the sewerage system. KSRTC sources allege that CMC authorities have been sitting on the application for the past several months. Ganapati Ulvekar, president of Karwar CMC, stays next to the place where the public toilet inside the bus stand is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761788", "title": "Cocaine haul in Andhra Pradesh ahead of New Year festivities", "text": "HYDERABAD: Just days ahead of the New Year festivities, police busted a major drug racket and arrested two peddlers, including a Nigerian national and confiscated 35 grams of cocaine from them near Jubilee Hills checkpost on Tuesday afternoon.Police arrested Okoro Mathias Chukwudi alias Williams, 28, a Nigerian staying on Mohammed Ali Road in Mumbai and S Durga Prasad, 36, a Mumbai cab driver hailing from Rajahmundry.Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said a Task Force team, on a tip-off, nabbed Durga Prasad and Williams near Jubilee Hills checkpost while they were waiting for customers on Tuesday morning and seized 35 grams of cocaine from their possession.\"The duo came to the city with an intention to cell cocaine to New Year revellers and make some quick money,\" the CP said.Williams came to India on a six-month business visa in August 2012. Since then, he had been staying on Mohammed Ali Road in Mumbai and looking for employment. However, Williams did not succeed in securing a job and recently he came in contact with a Ghana national, James, in Mumbai.Williams began assisting James, a drug peddler, in selling drugs in Mumbai. James went to Ghana a month ago and, while leaving India, he handed over cocaine to Williams, asking him to sell it before he returns. James also introduced several of his customers to Williams, including Durga Prasad. According to the commissioner, Prasad had been into drug-peddling both in Mumbai and Hyderabad and he has several customers here. About 10 days ago, Prasad met Williams and they decided to sell cocaine in Hyderabad for a higher price during the Christmas-New Year season. As per their plan, Prasad came to Hyderabad on December 21 with 15 grams of cocaine and went to his rented house at Krishna Nagar in Srinagar Colony.On December 24, Williams arrived in the city by bus with 20 grams of cocaine and joined Prasad. On Tuesday morning, Task Force sleuths arrested Prasad and Williams near Rain Pub at Jubilee Hills checkpost while they were trying to meet some customers.The CP said that the customers' list of the duo includes young entrepreneurs and high-salaried professionals, but did not go into details as the two are yet to be interrogated. Police seized 15 grams of cocaine from Prasad and 20 grams of the contraband from Williams. Police also seized five cellphones from the duo. They were handed over to the Jubilee Hills police and cases were slapped against them under various sections of the Narcotic Drug Psychotropic Substance Act. Warning peddlers and customers, the commissioner said they would keep a close watch on all possible drug abuse spots and channels.The latest seizure comes close on the heels of a raid on a rave party at a flat on Road No. 10, Banjara Hills, and arrest of five persons, including a Uganda national. Police had seized 14 grams of cocaine, 10 packets of cube Lysergic Acid Diethylamide (LSD) and 10 pills of micro Methylene Dioxy Methamphetamine (MDMA) from them. Similarly, the OU police had arrested four African nationals and seized nine grams of cocaine from their possession.The West Zone police had seized five grams of cocaine from the driver of Paolo Travels bus at Nanal Nagar on October 20.Times ViewIt was in February that the city, amidst much fanfare, witnessed the launch of the Anti-Narcotics Cell. While this team was put together with the sole purpose of cracking down on the drug mafia and checking the inflow of contraband substances into Hyderabad, the cell has failed to live up to its expectations. And incidents like the one reported on Tuesday, is only a glaring example of the same. It is time that the cell stepped up its 'game' and stopped relying on the law and order wing alone to keep tabs on such illegal practices. What the police also need to do is expand their focus beyond petty peddlers and make an attempt to trace the kingpins of the drug rackets operating across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763356", "title": "Cops at Kankaria, thieves have fun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With cops busy in manning mega functions in the city, thieves are having a field day. Two major incidents of thefts were reported from Satellite and Kalupur.In the first incident, burglars broke into a house in Satellite and stole valuables worth Rs 6.3 lakh. The burgled house belonged to Dr Kaushik Solanki, a resident of Sameep Apartment, Prernatirth Derasar.The incident was reported when Dr Solanki and his wife left for work on Monday morning. When his wife returned at 5.30 pm, she saw the door lock broken. She entered the house and was shocked to see that the belongings were ransacked. She called up Dr Solanki who informed the cops about the theft. \"When we checked, we found that the burglars had stolen Rs 4.5 lakh cash along with gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 1.8 lakh from the safe,\" said an Anandnagar police official.Investigators said that the incident has the same modus operandi employed in house break-ins committed by a particular gang which is active during day time. \"The gang members dress as executives or salesmen and go up to the top floor by lift and then come back by stairs. They employ screw driver to dislodge the latch or use small crowbar to break it open,\" said the official.In the second incident, a shopkeeper in Kalupur has charged his employee with theft. Complainant Kapil Bachani who owns Vinayak Mobiles on Relief Road alleged that Tulsi Goswami had stolen cellphones worth Rs 2.46 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760984", "title": "Public reps to discuss GMCH plight on Dec 29", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based consumer organization Jan Akrosh met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit recently to discuss the indifferent attitude of the state government towards Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Gavit said that many of the hospital's problems are because of shortage of funds. He told the activists that the MLAs and MLCs from the region need to press for the problems of their constituencies and get the required funds from the state government.They spoke about the plight of the cancer patients of the hospital, understaffed Super Specialty Hospital (SSH) and failure to outsource cleaning services at the hospital among other issues. The NGO wished that a meet was convened where all the public representatives of the region could come together and discuss these issues. Consequently, it was decided to hold the proposed meeting with all the elected representatives of the region on December 29.\"We told the CM how the facilities in the radiotherapy unit of the hospital have completely crumbled. Many equipment have broken down. 1.5 crore is needed for their maintenance but only 7 lakh is being given for the purpose. It has rendered many machines useless. On top of it, shortage of class IV workers and technicians had worsened the situation,\" said secretary Ravi Kaskhedikar. Other than him, president of Jan Akrosh Dr Anil Laddhad and member Prabhakar Khonde also attended the meeting under the guidance of MLA Dinanath Padole.Another matter that was discussed with the ministers was the acute shortage of doctors and nurses at SSH as no new appointments have been made for many years. Gavit said that he could do little in this matter as well as that concerning outsourcing of cleanliness services as the chief minister is yet to take a decision on both the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17761651", "title": "'Goods are getting smaller, lighter &amp; easier to transport'", "text": "Michael L Ducker, chief operating officer and president, international, of the $26.5-billion FedEx, leads all customer-facing aspects of the logistics company's US operations, besides its international business. In an interview with TOI, Ducker spoke about the initiatives and business cycle challenges of the delivery company. Excerpts...If you were to look at the courier business, what do you think have been the biggest changes in the last five years? What has driven those changes?Long-term macro-economic trends continue to point to customers needing value-added international and domestic express delivery service. The proportion of manufactured high-tech and high-value goods continues to grow. In other words, many goods are getting smaller, lighter and, therefore, easier to transport. Then, the internet continues to enhance the ability for businesses large and small to engage in global commerce.With the nature of business changing, how has the revenue model of the company changed? Where does the largest share of revenue flow in from for FedEx?FedEx continues to derive the vast majority of its revenue from Express and Ground shipments, with the largest percentage coming from FedEx Express. With that said, FedEx International is a primary growth engine of FedEx Corporation , providing reliable and time definite service for the global marketplace.Looking ahead, what are the three large challenges you see for the industry?Infrastructure is often a challenge in both developed and developing markets. Our ability to connect the global marketplace is only possible to the extent our planes, trucks and couriers can physically reach our customers. Limited or aging infrastructure can put global connectivity at risk, ultimately slowing commerce at the local, national and international levels. In today's environment, public and political support for open, fair trade practices can be a hurdle. FedEx has been a supporter of Free Trade Agreements that create new commercial opportunities for our customers, additional jobs in the US and abroad and increased demand for FedEx services.Moving ahead, which are your big markets?Regionally, we - and many other multinational corporations -see significant growth opportunity in Europe, Latin America and Africa. We were strong supporters of the Free Trade Agreements the US signed with South Korea, Panama and Colombia in 2011, and we're backing infrastructure improvements in Colombia and other markets to ensure businesses and individuals living and working there have easier access to the global marketplace.The author was in the US at the invitation of FedEx", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17761481", "title": "Kodagu hockey player raped for months, gets pregnant", "text": "MADIKERI: A promising 15-year old sub-junior hockey player alleged that she was repeatedly raped by a married youth, which made her pregnant. The victim, a student of Class IX who played at a national school games competition, revealed this to her family members after doctors diagnosed that she was pregnant, police said. She is an under-17 player at the national school level.The girl, a native of a village near Somwarpet town in Kodagu, was taken to hospital after she complained of pain in her abdomen. She told her parents that over several months, she was repeatedly raped by Mahesh, 24, of Bajegundi village near Somwarpet, who worked as a painter. He had threatened to kill her if she revealed this to anybody. The girl's mother had complained to police on Dec 15 that her daughter was missing since Dec 12. But the girl returned home on Dec 16 and during the inquiry, police got a hint about Mahesh. But Mahesh got away, promising the girl's mother that he would marry her. Police registered a case of rape after he allegedly refused to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767284", "title": "Reading \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLove Letters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 with Om Puri, Divya Dutta", "text": "If love cannot be defined, then a love story too transcends fixed and logical meanings.A love story ends on a note of despair, sometimes loss, death or tragedy at other times, but seldom does it end with our favourite cliche, 'happily-ever-after.' While Romeo and Juliet's love does not live for long beyond the balcony, Antony and Cleopatra's kiss of love is poisoned by Octavius Caesar, Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler's passion is one inch short to permanence, Laila and Majnu are forced to part ways and Salim and Anarkali's blossoming romance was doomed from the beginning. Amrita Nigam and Zulfikar Haidar is yet another pair whose love was perhaps meant to be unrequited but also, eternal and exemplary at the same time. 35 years of life lived together through letters, letters that brought them close, letters that moved them away from each other and letters that securely enveloped a romance unknown to the ignorant world.' Teri Amrita ', a Punjabi play (translated by Amrik Gill and directed by veteran actor and thespian Om Puri), originally written by Javed Siddiqui titled ' Tumhari  Amrita ' is an adaptation of American playwright A R Gurney's ' Love Letters ' (1988). Recently staged at the Shri Ram Centre for Arts and Culture (SRCAC) in Delhi over four consecutive days, the play ' Teri Amrita ' ran to packed houses in the evenings of this chilly December month.An unfinished letter, an incomplete love storyThere are two chairs, two tables and heaps of letters upon which written, are words, waiting to be read, heard, lived and loved. Draped in a red and black saree, actress Divya Dutta breathed life into the character of Amrita Nigam, an artist whose paintings were an expression of her passionate self; and a free-spirited woman often misunderstood and condemned by society for her 'antics'. Om Puri, on the other, looked radiant in a white cotton chikankari kurta-pyjama and well-suited the persona of Zulfikar Haidar, a student of Civil Services until he stumbles upon law as his true calling and eventually ends up a bureaucrat and an important political figure during the pre-independence years.The year is 1940 and it is Amrita's eighth birthday party, also, a beginning of a friendship that is to last seasons, birthdays and festivals spanning 35 years. Writing letters to each other becomes so intrinsic to the lives of Amrita and Zulfi that when they find nothing new to say to each other, the letter just reads, 'Happy New Year' or a 'Happy Birthday'. On days when Amrita is unhappy or upset to learn that Zulfi would miss her yet another art exhibition due to political engagements, she would either resolve not to send anymore letters or pen abuses to her lover. A little cajoling from Zulfi in his next letter would be enough to get her back to writing to him.'Will you marry me Zulfi?'To believe that only marriage can consummate love would be an affront to a relationship that is beyond societal dictates. When Amrita writes, ' Mujhse Shaadi Karoge Zulfi' (Will you marry me Zulfi), Zulfi is left thinking about how he should articulate his reply. \"To write your name, Amrita on this white sheet of paper is like giving direction to a lover lost on an empty road,\" writes Zulfi trying to tell Amrita that they were married from the day they exchanged their first letter. But he gets married, not to Amrita but another woman after he gives into his parents' wishes. Whether it was the difficult proposition of a Hindu-Muslim marriage during the partition years that prevented the union of Amrita and Zulfi one doesn't know, but one surely could not question the purity and intensity of a bond destined to be etched in the memory of successive generations.'I cannot marry you Zulfi'But there were uncomfortable questions when one fateful day a journalist caught hold of Amrita's letter addressed to Zulfi. The possession of Amrita's letter became a weapon to malign the political image of Zulfi and also ridicule the status of a woman (Amrita) who had lost her family to fatal health conditions and resorted to alcohol and her canvas for company. Amrita had toured almost the entire world with her paintings exhibited in New York , Rome and elsewhere. However, she began to lose her vision and failed to distinguish red from black, \"Instead of red, I painted a black sunset Zulfi,\" she wrote. Given the circumstances, Zulfi proposes marriage to Amrita to save both her and him from filthy conspiracies, but Amrita refuses. \"Your wife and little child had come to visit me. You cannot do something against your family. I cannot marry you,\" she signs off.The last letterAmrita dies. Zulfi writes a letter to the journalist urging him to publish not one but all the letters exchanged between him and Amrita over 35 years so that the love of his life is not (mis)judged for a single letter but understood fully as a person that she truly was.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17766952", "title": "Road repair advice from US to Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has received a piece of the US mind on the bad state of the city's roads.Last week, the American Consul General Dean R Thompson in the city has wrote to chief secretary Sanjay Mitra urging the state government to improve the condition of the stretch at Bantala since it was being seen as a major hurdle to the expansion plans of Cognizant Technology, an IT company located in the Leather Complex at Bantala.The road to Bantala which connects Basanti with the Eastern Bypass is in a bad shape with heavy vehicles plying on it. The bad road condition has also caused a number of accidents in the area, including fatal ones.The letter couldn't have come at a more unholy hour. The chief minister is currently out to negate conceptions about the state's lack of industrialisation and employment generation. Thompson wrote that the IT company intends expanding its operations in the state but was unable to without the improvement in infrastructure. The expansion will lead to employment generation among thousands of young people.The state public works department (PWD), which had built the road, has finally initiated repair work for the first 25 km of the 75 km-long road. It will take almost a year to complete the work of strengthening and widening of the road.Though the newly set up West Bengal Highway Corporation was supposed to do the relaying of the road and improve riding quality, it does not have the required infrastructure to do so at the moment.A survey report by Rites has already indicated that the toll collection would be feasible on this road which has seen a rise in heavy traffic in recent times. Hence, it has been decided that while the PWD would undertake the repair work, the corporation will supervise it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761895", "title": "Couple commits suicide by consuming poison", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 39-year-old goldsmith and his wife committed suicide by consuming cyanide at their residence at Jawahar Nagar near Bharathi Park Second Cross in the city on Tuesday. Police claimed that the couple had fought with each other on Monday night and took the extreme step.The couple was identified as D Nandakumar and N Akilandeswari, 33. The couple was residing in a rented house at Jawahar Nagar. They had two children N Vimal, 13, and N Swetha, 12. The children are studying in class 8 and class 7 respectively in a private school at Saibaba Colony.Police said Nandakumar, a habitual drunkard, used to fight with his wife Akilandeswari. Recently, he had stopped consuming alcohol as he was planning to go to Sabarimala temple along with his son.On Monday night, however, Nandakumar came home in an inebriated state. A verbal quarrel arose between the couple and Akilandeswari's mother advised the couple not to fight. However, Nandakumar told her that he would commit suicide along with his wife.Around 10.30am on Tuesday, the couple again fought with each other and Nandakumar showed a cyanide packet to his son and told him that he is going to commit suicide.Immediately, Vimal rushed to his grandmother's house situated at nearby area. Meanwhile, the couple consumed cyanide and was found dead lying on the bed. Photograph of Nandakumar's father Durairaj was found near the pillow on the bed.Neighbours informed Saibaba Colony police station. Inspector R Srinivasalu and his team rushed to the spot and recovered the bodies and held inquiry with the family members.The bodies were sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem and later handed over to their relatives.\"Nandakumar's drinking habit created trouble in the family. The couple didn't have any other major problem in their life. Preliminary inquiry revealed that there was no foul play in the suicide and the detailed investigation is on,\" said inspector Srinivasalu.Coimbatore: A 39-year-old goldsmith and his wife committed suicide by consuming cyanide at their residence at Jawahar Nagar near Bharathi Park second cross in the city on Tuesday. Police claimed that the couple had fought with each other on Monday night and took the extreme step.The couple was identified as D Nandakumar and N Akilandeswari, 33. The couple stayed in a rented house at Jawahar Nagar. They had two children N Vimal, 13, an eighth standard student and N Swetha, 12, a seventh standard student of a private school at Saibaba Colony in the city.Police said, Nandakumar, a habitual drunkard, used to fight with his wife Akilandeswari. Recently he had stopped consuming alcohol since he was planning go to Sabarimala temple along with his son. Nandakumar had gone to the house in an inebriated state and his wife questioned him. A verbal quarrel arose between the couple and Akilandeswari's mother advised the couple not to fight. However Nandakumar told that he would commit suicide along with his wife.On Tuesday around 10.30 am, the couple had fought with each other again and Nandakumar had showed a cyanide packet to his son Vimal and told him that he would commit suicide. Immediately the boy rushed to his grandmother's house situated at nearby area. Meanwhile the couple consumed cyanide and was found dead lying on the bed. Photograph of Nandakumar's father Durairaj was kept near the pillow on the bed.The locals informed the matter with Saibaba Colony police station and inspector R Srinivasalu and his team rushed to the spot and held inquiry with the family members. The dead bodies were sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem and later the bodies were handed over to their relatives.\"Nandakumar consumed alcohol and it created trouble in the family. They did not any major complication in their marital relationship. The couple took the extreme step. The preliminary inquiry revealed that there was no foul play in the suicide and the detailed investigation is on,\" said Inspector Srinivasalu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763525", "title": "Christmas celebrated with fervour", "text": "PATNA: With much joy and fervour, city folks celebrated the advent of Christ, irrespective of the community and religion. Amid the lighted candles and aroma of incense sticks and flowers, baby Jesus was worshipped with splendour in city churches as well as at homes of Patnaites.Father Gregory Gomes of Queen of the Apostles Church, Kurji, told TOI after morning mass at 7 on Tuesday that there was an unending visit of people to the church. \"We had made two cribs, one inside the church and one outside. However, we had to shut the church gate after the morning mass, as it got very difficult to handle the crowd. But people have been thronging the crib that is outside the church, to have a glimpse of baby Jesus,\" he said.Not only aged people, but also youth celebrated the birth of Christ with much zeal and fervour. Two girls, Sneha and Jinsy were spotted on the premises clicking pictures of the crib. \"It's all about greetings, cakes and enjoyment since morning at our homes,\" they said added that they had received endless visitors and greetings since Tuesday morning.The idol of Mother Mary on the premises glowed in the light of candles that devotees had lighted desiring fulfilment of their wishes since midnight Mass. Not only Christians but youth of other communities too were seen sharing the joy of Christmas. \"I have studied at a Catholic institution, so since childhood I have been celebrating Christmas despite being a Hindu. For me, the year begins with the celebration of New Year and ends with celebrating Christmas,\" said Shivam Kumar, who was seen lighting a candle near the idol of Mother Mary.No less was the crowd at the Bankipore Church, as according to Father Jerome Dung Dung, the Parish priest, more than 10,000 people had visited to take the blessings of baby Jesus on the pious occasion of Christmas. \"There seems to be no end to the stream of visitors today... the premises appears as a fair,\" said Father. He said there was strict vigil by police in the area to check mischief makers in the crowd. \"Had the cops not been deployed, some mishap must have occurred till now,\" he said.Similar was the fervour at the majestic Padri Ki Haveli. There were endless visitors throughout the day and, in fact, the morning Mass saw greater footfalls than midnight. Moreover, children and youth were spotted in large numbers. Nancy, a student of Notre Dame Academy, was one from the group of small girls who were dressed in their best attires and had come to the church to pray. \"I came here with my family for the morning Mass as well, and now I am with some of my friends... We will next move to a good restaurant to celebrate with friends,\" she said.There was joyful note of the festival at St. Mary's Church at Chakaram too. Children and youth made a beeline for it after the first stroke of sunrise. Rohit Kumar, an 18-year-old resident of Buddha Colony, who was standing near the crib, told TOI that sharing the joy of Christmas with his Christian friends and visiting the Church was a must for him on Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763354", "title": "Man who married 4 times elopes with teen, caught", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When a team of Gaekwad Haveli police caught up with Yunus Ali Saiyad Ali Vora, 42, a resident of Sarkhej, in Mumbai with Parveen (name changed), 16, it was the end of a month-long chase. Vora had eloped with Parveen from the city.The incident occurred at the time when Vora had come to Jamalpur at his wife's relative's residence after her pregnancy earlier this year. At that time, he came in contact with Parveen, his wife's distant cousin, and fell in love. The duo eloped on November 24 after which the girl's father registered a complaint for abduction with Gaekwad Haveli police officials.\"Vora also has several identities like Sanjay Patel and Mahesh Vora which he conveniently assumes. Vora works as a driver for private firms. He first married 20 years back but had serious issues with his wife after four years of marriage. The duo separated after divorce. Soon, Vora married again. This time, his wife died after two years. Vora again fell in love and married the third time. This time, the couple dissolved the marriage after a bitter fight of six years,\" said a Gaekwad Haveli police official.The previous failures, however, did not deter Vora as he again got married after four years of bachelorhood. \"This time also there were issues with the in-laws due to which Vora had to take refuge to various relative's residences. It was during this period earlier this year in which he again fell in love with the 16-year old and decided to give his life another try,\" said the official.Vora has been charged with abduction and rape of a minor. The duo was brought to the city on Monday after which they were taken for medical examination to ascertain rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762796", "title": "Police look for youth who raped girl, promised marriage", "text": "MADURAI: A teenaged girl was raped allegedly by a 25-year-old man in Madurai.The man identified as Pandi, 25, son of Selvam of Omachikulam in the city outskirts, had agreed to marry the girl after the rape incident came to light. But he later backtracked forcing the parents of the girl to prefer a police complaint on Monday night. Police said that Pandi was evading arrest and a search has been launched.Police said that Pandi was in love with Amudha (19) (name changed), residing near Omachikulam for the last six months. He proposed to her recently. \"According to the complaint, Amudha did not respond to him positively. However, Pandi continued to pester her. Even as she ignored him, he went to her house three days ago when no one was there and raped her,'' said a police official.Even as Pandi was inside the house, Amudha's grandmother returned and raised an alarm. Neighbours rushed in and caught Pandi. Amudha's parents too rushed to the house. Since it involved the girl's future and the family's honour, Amudha's parents did not lodge a police complaint. Instead, they took up the issue with Pandi's parents who were summoned to the girl's house. \"Since both of them belonged to the same community, villagers negotiated with both the families to resolve the issue amicably. It was decided that Pandi would marry Amudha and the same was agreed by Pandi as well as the girl's family members,'' said the police official.Even as Amudha's parents were preparing to fix the date for the marriage, Pandi refused to marry Amudha and urged his family members to look for another bride. When the information reached Amudha and her family members, Amudha allegedly attempted to commit suicide by hanging herself with her shawl. Soon after the incident, the family filed a police complaint on Monday night. Based on the complaint, the police registered case under 376 IPC, rape charges and 420 IPC, cheating. \"Pandi escaped soon after learning about the police complaint,'' police said.Police said Pandi was in love with Amudha (19) (name changed), residing near Omachikulam for the last six months. He proposed to her recently. According to the complaint, Amudha did not respond to him positively. However, Pandi continued to pester her. Even as she ignored him, he went to her house three days ago when no one was there and raped her, said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762502", "title": "Sole women's police station a mockery", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even as the chorus for greater security for women reaches a crescendo, the only women's police station in the city remains male dominated. According to police sources, of the 37 police officials at the sole women's police station in the city, 28 are men while the rest are women. The only justification of the title of this particular police station seems to be the fact that the SHO is a woman.Elaborating on the gender break up at the police station, sources said of two sub-inspectors, one is a woman. Of six assistant sub-inspectors, three are women, only three of 21 head constables are women, of three constables, only one is a woman while all four home guards are men. Sarabha Nagar based businesswoman Harpreet Brar said, \"It is really surprising to know that most of the staff at the women's police station is male. Why then, is it called the women's police station?\" However, ADCP 1 Nilambari Jagdale feels the number of women officials is sufficient. \"As per our work requirement, we have sufficient women officials at the Women's Police Station. Most of the male police personnel are for field work while the female staff listen to grievances. Besides, we also have nine crimes against women cells where we have two women police officials to address complaints.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763529", "title": "Apex court seeks Ria case diary", "text": "PATNA: The Supreme Court has asked the state government to send the case diary of the Ria (name changed) gang rape case. Ria, a minor girl, was gang-raped on June 14 at 301, Rambha Apartment, in Rajvanshi Nagar allegedly by her boyfriend and five other boys.Sushila Sahay, president of Bihar Mahila Samaj, had filed a PIL in the SC through Human Rights Law Network in the month of August alleging loopholes in the investigation of the case. Sahay said, \"We believe a few more guys were involved in the gang rape, but, somehow, the investigating agencies have concealed their names. The Supreme Court was convinced on this point and has asked for the case diary from the state.\" The apex court will hold the next hearing on January 14, 2013.Meanwhile, trial of the case has already started in a fast-track court in Patna and the next hearing is scheduled for January 5, 2013, when charges will be framed. Patna police, on September 27, had filed chargesheet against all the six accused before the court of CJM Ramakant Yadav in Patna.Police have charged the six with committing gang rape. Sections like 506, 376(2) (g), 120B, 292, 293, 294, 323, 504 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 67 of Information Technology Act, 2000 have been invoked against them. Under these sections, the accused could be sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a minimum of ten years and a maximum of life term besides being slapped with fine.TimelineJune 14: Gang rape at Rambha ApartmentJuly 23: FIR lodged by the State Commission for Women at Sultanganj Mahila police stationJuly 25: Main accused Prashant Jha arrested from ShimlaJuly 26: Ranvijay surrenders before a Patna court and a minor accused was arrested from ChhapraJuly 27: Rahul Lamba arrested from JalandharJuly 28: Sushant Paswan surrenders to Patna police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761096", "title": "Shukla muscles in, gets 3-year extension as MPPCB chief", "text": "BHOPAL: Three months after the Madhya Pradesh government advertised for the post of chairman of MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB)- a post that was falling vacant on November 6 - the incumbent chairman N P Shukla muscled his way bagging a three year extension and stalling the entire selection process.Strangely, his name was never among the candidates short-listed after the advertisement on July 31 this year. After setting the ball rolling for selecting a successor to Shukla, the government lately realized that he was indispensable and his departure would slow down the pace of projects with the board.It is learnt that the file recommending an extension to chairman of MPPCB, N P Shukla was given a go ahead on October 22. The issue has kicked up a storm now, with an activist mulling to challenge the government move in the National Green Tribunal, New Delhi.RTI documents about the whole affair obtained by Ajay Dubey, secretary of Prayatna-an NGO- revealed that of the total 36 persons applied, 18 candidates were found eligible for the post.Ironically, bio-data of the incumbent chairman did not appear in the list of persons who were shortlisted for the post by the screening committee and neither had he applied for it.Dubey told TOI that on the basis of RTI documents, he would challenge the extension given to Shukla in the tribunal.Questioning the manner in which Shukla, against whom a lokayukta probe is pending, was given an extension, Dubey said it was not a routine matter. It intrigues why the government advertised for the post and thereafter decided to give him an extension.The housing and environment minister Jayant Malaiya in a letter to chief minister had recommended an extension for Shukla claiming that he had done a remarkable job during his term.Malaiya confirmed to TOI that applications were invited for appointing a new MPPCB chairman but later Shukla was given an extension. On the issue that Shukla was considered despite inviting fresh applications, the minister said he was doing a good job and getting in a new man in would have slowed down the pace of ongoing projects as a new individual would have taken time to understand the board's functioning and projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762972", "title": "RTO agent shot dead in Chikhali", "text": "PUNE: A 42-year-old regional transport office ( RTO) agent, who was shot at by unidentified men in Chikhali late on Monday night, succumbed to his injuries at a private hospital in Chinchwad on Tuesday morning.The Dehu road police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the attack on Balasaheb Misal of Chikhali.Senior police inspector Ram Jadhav said the incident took place on Monday night, when Misal was heading towards a beer shop. \"Unidentified men shot at Misal from behind. The bullet had pierced his head,\" Jadhav said.Misal was rushed to a nearby private hospital in Chinchwad. He was later shifted to another private hospital. \"Misal succumbed during treatment on Tuesday morning,\" Jadhav said. He said that the police had some clues and were investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761165", "title": "Packing up for holiday", "text": "INDORE: Winters, holiday and new-year fever, it all makes a perfect setting for a getaway from work and everyday life. And footloose Indoreans are already packing their suitcases for the holiday trips that they have been planning for days.\"Me and my brother had planned a boys' only holiday, and there can't be a more appropriate time in the year to plan a trip. In a day or two, I will be off to Khajuraho with my brother, some sightseeing and exploring the place around it should be fun. Being an Indorean, I never had chance to explore my state better. And a better bonding with my brother will be an added bonus. I am so much looking forward to it\" Said Aditya Singh Bisht, an MBBS.A full-fledged long holiday or just a few days away from home, to start the new-year afresh is all we need. A holiday is a must before a new start believes media student, Esha Jhala. Says Esha, \"Holidays are a must and I cannot miss a chance to take this break. I have planned a two-day trip with my friends to Mandu, its close by and also it will make a budget trip. As I have to resume college soon after my return from the trip I cannot take a long break. But a day or two out with family will do a lot of good to all of us\" she said adding \"winters are the perfect time to do some sightseeing, and in Mandu there is a lot to admire be it scenic beauty or the majestic forts and temples there\".Ashish Kumar an amateur photographer from the city is looking for an abode outside the state. I had planned to utilise these holidays to take part in the Rann Utsav in Gujarat \"I have heard a lot many things about this 15-day festival in Gujarat which would end on December 31.\"Regional manager, M P Tourism M N Jamali said \"All resorts of MP tourism in the adjoining regions of Indore are fully booked. Be it Maheshwar, Mandu or Omkareshwar, all resorts in these places have been booked much in advance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762260", "title": "Couple pines for deserted baby", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a Christmas wish they fervently want to come true. And, they are ready to go to any length to make it happen. Mark Richards , 25 and Anne John, 21, (not their real names) are desperate to get their child out of a children's home. Forced to abandon the baby a month after his birth last March, Mark and Anne are even ready to battle it out in court to press their claim.An NGO has been taking care of the child ever since the couple handed him over to them. While the couple claims they have evidence that the child is theirs, the NGO has argued that they have nothing yet to prove they are the biological parents. The unmarried couple has been asked to go through a DNA test to claim 10-month-old Jibon - as the baby has been named by the NGO.If they are refused custody of the child, the couple may move court. \"We have consulted lawyers and have been told that we have a strong case. We are keeping our fingers crossed but the DNA test will certainly prove our claim. None can stop us from claiming our child after that,\" said Mark. The baby is now at a specialized adoption home under the supervision of Child Welfare Committee, a government-appointed body.While handing him over to the police, Anne had claimed that she found the baby on a train. Fearing social resistance, the couple had decided to abandon their baby. They have claimed that they didn't have the money to treat the baby which was suffering from respiratory problem.\"The police had first informed us about the child. According to protocol, the baby had to go through a medical examination, so we took him to MR Bangur Hospital. The couple would visit the baby regularly and inquire about his condition from the nurses and doctors there. After about a month and a half, when Jibon was discharged, Anne asked us if she could keep in touch with him and visit him regularly. We told her that it would be difficult, for Jibon would be moved to a home. She was visibly crestfallen, which made us a little suspicious,\" said an employee of the NGO.Soon after the baby was moved to the home, Anne and Mark started calling the NGO again. \"This time Anne was a little more assertive and demanded that she be allowed to meet the child. I asked her to come over to our office for a chat. After a fair amount of questioning by our counsellors, they confessed that they were the parents of the baby and had been forced to abandon him due to social reasons. The fact that they would not be able to get the child treated also prompted them to hand him over to the police,\" said the NGO worker.While Anne has grown up in a home for abandoned children, Mark has severed ties with his family. \"We would obviously like our son to be with us. It's been very difficult and we wouldn't have done it if we had an option,\" Mark told ToI.But there are hurdles to be crossed. First, they are still liable to be prosecuted for abandoning their child. Other than a hospital birth certificate, the couple has not been able to provide anything to claim the child. Secondly, the CWC has the power to refuse them custody on the ground that they are not fit to take care of the baby.\"We have initiated a process to determine if the child should go back to the parents. The DNA test is the first step and the police have been asked to arrange it. Till the report comes, we must treat the baby as abandoned. Mark and Anne have claimed that Jibon is their child, but have no proof to support the claim. Till there is enough evidence, we can't hand him over to anybody,\" said Minoti Adhikari, chairperson of the NGO. She added that since the couple didn't claim the baby as their child within three months of handing him over to police, there were legal formalities to be completed. \"There is yet no claimant for the baby,\" she said.The NGO, however, admitted that Mark and Anne have filed a petition claiming the baby. A representative from the home where Anne lived visited the NGO, too. \"But we were surprised that none from their families visited us or claimed the child,\" said Adhikari.Even though the NGO claimed that the couple's marital status won't come in the way of the handover, they also mentioned that it was empowered by the Juvenile Justice Act to either keep him back in a home or give the child away to foster parents. \"We obviously want the child to return to his parents. But in case there is reason to believe that they won't be able to take proper care, a harsh decision might have to be taken,\" said an NGO employee.Mark, on the other hand, claimed that he had enough evidence to prove that the child was theirs. \"We have sought legal advice and lawyers are of the opinion that we did nothing to lose him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17764701", "title": "Union minister Kapil Sibal turns lyricist", "text": "The minister penned a song for a film titled Bandook, to be directed by Aditya OmUnion minister for Communications and Information Technology, Kapil Sibal has penned the lyrics for a small budget venture interestingly titled Bandook and may also end up lending his voice as a sutradhar for a film.Apparently, Sibal's sudden brush with Bollywood was initiated when he was staying at the ITC Maurya during the first week of October. At a party the minister was attending, little known director Aditya Om approached him and said since the 64-year-old minister is already a poet, he should consider working as a lyricist .\"He was discussing his poetry books at the party when I approached him. I told him that I wanted him to be the lyricist for my film. He thought for a few seconds and said 'why not?'\"Om told us about the first meeting. The next meeting took place at Sibal's New Delhi bungalow on October 23, when the project was finalised. \"He knew the brief of the film. He gave us four songs he had written and we picked one,\" added Om.When we contacted Sibal, he admitted that a career in writing Bollywood lyrics has always been at the back of his mind. \"Writing lyrics is quite different from poetry. The meter is different, the rhyming scheme is different. I am enjoying it,\" said he.Sibal said that since he had been writing poetry, the idea of writing film songs excited him. \"Though politics remains my first love, I can continue writing lyrics for films,\" he said.Sibal has plans to release a music CD in which India's best singers will lend voice to songs penned by him. \"I have been doing this on the sly. I will talk about it later,\" said Sibal.He said studying with Benjamin Gillani and Kabir Bedi , his creative streak had always been alive. \"I guess it's kicking now,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17762984", "title": "Woman killed, two others suffer burn injuries in accident at Tirunelveli unit", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Within a few months since the Sivakasi inferno claimed as many as 40 lives in the fire accident in a fireworks unit at Mudalipatti near Sivakasi, a major loss of life was averted in a fire accident which took place in a match industry in Tirunelveli district on Tuesday.An elderly woman succumbed to burn injuries whereas two more women sustained grievous burn injuries in the fire accident. The deceased was identified as A Rajammal, 65, of Kulakathakuruchi near Sankarankovil in Tirunelveli district and the injured were Pechiammal, 40, wife of Marichamy and her daughter Kavitha of the same village. The injured were taken to Kovilpatti government hospital for treatment.The accident took place in 'Vinayaga Industry', a match manufacturing unit at around 6.30 am. The industry belongs to Balasubramanian of the same village, said a police source.Police sources say the cause of the incident was due to spark on account of a friction. Rajammal, Pechiammal and Kavitha would reach the industry as early as 6 am before other employees and would clear the floor to facilitate work. When Rajammal dragged a nylon bag containing dried match sticks, sparks of fire ignited from it, added the police source.Major loss to life was averted since the incident took place in the morning before the employees reached there. As many as 60 labourers from Kulakathakuruchi and its adjoining villages are working in the factory. They would reach the unit at around 8 am. Had the fire accident taken place a few hours later, it would have created major damages to lives in the industry, said the police source.Fire tenders from Kalugumalai, Sankarankovil and Kovilpatti reached the spot and put off the fire. One of the rooms in the industry was completely gutted in the incident. Based on a complaint from Anandaramakrishnan, village administrative officer of Kulakathakuruchi, Kuruvikulam police arrested Balasubramanian.The accident took place in 'Vinayaga Industry', a match manufacturing unit at around 6.30 am. The industry belongs to Balasubramanian of the same village said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17761465", "title": "Working holiday for Himachal chief minister, cabinet", "text": "SHIMLA: On the first day of his assuming office for the sixth term, chief minister Virbhadra Singh made his intention of fulfilling the promises made in Congress manifesto quite clear. Despite Tuesday being a holiday on account of Christmas , he called his first cabinet meeting immediately after the oath-taking ceremony to adopt the party manifesto as the official document of the state government.Since the outgoing government had re-employed many officials considered close to BJP, the cabinet also decided to terminate all extensions and re-employments forthwith. \"All decisions taken by the previous government in the last six months will be reviewed,\" the chief minister said.The meeting also decided to withdraw criminal cases registered on political grounds and for political agitation where no violence and breakage was involved. It was decided to convene the first assembly session of the assembly in Dharamshala from January 8 to 11 in which oath will be administered to newly-elected legislators. Besides, the speaker and the deputy speaker election would also be held. It was decided that since it would be the first session of new assembly in the new calendar year, the governor's address will also be given on the occasion.Since PTA teachers' regularization was a major political issue during the assembly election, the cabinet has decided to frame a policy for regularization of their services. In another major decision, the cabinet has decided to review all notified schools closed during last five years and take back all those employees, who were on second-ment basis in the Secretariat and reverted to parent departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761058", "title": "Sachin helped me become an allrounder: Irfan Pathan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irfan Pathan can safely call himself an allrounder these days. This is in sharp contrast to the times when he refused to take the tag and insisted that he should be seen primarily as a left-arm seamer. All that has changed now. Ask the man and he will tell you that it was Sachin Tendulkar who instilled the belief in him to take on good bowling attacks, never mind the new ball.The revelation puts in perspective Irfan's first knock at No. 3 in an ODI against Sri Lanka in Nagpur in late 2005. The southpaw smacked a quickfire 83 against a Lankan attack comprising Chaminda Vaas and Muttiah Muralitharan at their peak. While it's known that it was Tendulkar who pushed him up the order to do some 'pinch-hitting' but the master was already working on him.\"Other than discussing my bowling armoury, he always talked to me about my batting technique. He asked me to change my grip on the bat to play in bouncier conditions. It takes time to get used to it. But when I had done that, it produced good results\" Irfan told TOI on Monday, referring to his two crucial knocks in India's historic Test win in Perth in January 2008.\"Today I have the belief that I can bat against good bowling attacks. That is primarily because of Sachin paaji and then Rahul Dravid (then captain) and coach Greg Chappell,\" he added.The results did show. Having opened the batting for a couple of times in Tests, Irfan has been more consistent in the shorter formats of the game. \"Sachin paaji will be missed in the dressing room. Very few people can interact with youngsters the way he did,\" said Irfan who is likely to regain fitness after a knee injury in two-three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760953", "title": "Some auto drivers are intimidating: Women commuters", "text": "NAGPUR: Women commuters in Nagpur are fed up with the increasing nuisance of autorickshaw drivers. \"We are at constant risk with intimidating auto drivers posing a threat to gullible commuters, especially women,\" said some commuters. Though no serious incidents have been reported so far, traffic cops have admitted that a few autorickshaw drivers indulged in such incidents.With Nagpur turning into a cosmopolitan city with 'not-so-good' public transport facilities, autorickshaw drivers are capitalizing on this and the helplessness of commuters, by charging exorbitant fares.\"Sometimes they just refuse to ferry a passenger. And it's just not about money, it's more to do with the way they treat women commuters. It's also to do with women's safety if they come across (which they usually do) an intimidating rickshaw driver,\" said some commuters.The auto stand near Rani Jhansi square illustrates the harassment women are meted out by the unwieldy auto drivers. Auto drivers not only harass commuters, but also indulge in brawls over ferrying passengers, said a shop owner who frequently witnesses such incidents and didn't wish to be named. These days it is impossible to hire an autorickshaw and feel safe, he said. Similar is the experience outside the railway station, Sitabuldi and other stands.Several working women too said it is risky to pass by any autorickshaw stand in the evenings as most of the auto drivers are drunk. \"First they insist us to hire their three-wheeler. When we deny, they pass lewd comments at us,\" said Sandhya Ramteke, a government employee. \"We personally feel safer travelling by the city bus,\" she said.\"Not just women, but men are also targets of rude auto drivers,\" said Pravin Sahare, who claimed that recently his distant relative was robbed by an autorickshaw driver and co-passenger. In fact, with no checks from authorities like RTO and city police, auto drivers in Nagpur are becoming arrogant, said some.But there are also passengers who feel that autorickshaws are still a safer mode of transport in the city.\"It's pretty safe in autorickshaws mainly because most of the drivers are well behaved. At times, if some co-passengers tend to misbehave with female passengers, the drivers handle the situation either by asking the man to get off the vehicle or asking them to sit at some other place. In six-seaters, they take care to make women sit on one side and the men on the other as far as possible,\" said Preeti Shirbhate, a frequent traveller.President of Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak Malak Mahasangh Harishchandra Pawar ruled out harassment of women commuters by autorickshaw drivers and clarified that they ply autos to earn their daily bread. He, however, said that if one comes across such an incident, one can also approach the Sangh.Traffic cops say that if any auto driver harasses commuters, the incident should be reported to police control room at 100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761001", "title": "Need dedicated courts for rape: Lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Rising rape cases across the country should be tried in dedicated courts, legal experts suggested. In each district, presence of courts where only rape cases are tried can be an effective tool to bring down the crime graph by cutting backlog, and ensuring speedy trial and time-bound justice, experts told TOI.\"There is an outpour of anger over the gangrape of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus in New Delhi where women, in general, feel less safe. This must make politicians realize that there is a disconnect between them and the policies required to make not just women but also the masses feel safe on the streets,\" said senior advocate Nitin Pradhan.Pradhan further said that one way to ensure a \"high degree of deterrence\" is special dedicated courts that would only try rape cases. \"Such courts would enable a judicial infrastructure that is sensitized towards rape victims and trained to handle these trials more effectively.'' He added, \"Politicians are talking about bringing in a death sentence for rape and the Delhi police, in a misconceived sense of glory, is patting itself for having 'cracked' the gangrape case. But why has no politician come forward yet to say police vacancies will be filled rapidly and specialized forces along with the regular police will be sent out patrolling to ensure greater state vigilance?\"Another senior crime lawyer, Adhik Shirodkar, said, \"Special courts would be the need of the hour for rape trials now.''Shirodkar added, \"After special judges are appointed, training ought to be imparted for better appreciation of understanding evidence in a rape trial and to know the evidentiary value of forensic tests, which alone could be enough, if properly done, to nail a rapist. A victim may not be able to identify the rapist due to trauma or given the circumstances of the crime. But if she puts up a fight, there could be the DNA of the accused under her nails, which may have scrapped his skin.\"Identification of the accused is key in any criminal trial but while a victim's description of the accused may not stand the scrutiny of cross-examination by a seasoned defence lawyer, strong forensic evidence can be used as proof , he said.\"Speedy trials through special courts will automatically mean a fast-tracked course of justice with a strong sentence. This will go a long way in proving a deterrent to rape,\" said a legal expert.\"But special courts should not mean each trial ends in conviction,'' said advocate Pranav Badheka. It will ensure a fair and fast trial where sound evidence still has to be produced in court and convictions are on merit. He said, \"Let's not forget that false rape cases are filed too. We cannot lose sight of that.\"\"The police also have to be trained in handling rape case investigations better,\" added Shirodkar. A special court will enable better coordination, too, between the investigation team and the prosecution, if special public prosecutors are appointed,\" said another lawyer.A public prosecutor does not appear for the police, though. He or she is an officer of the court and his or her duty is towards society, as the prosecution is by the government on behalf of the people and the aim of every trial is to arrive at the truth, pointed out a lawyer.\"Special dedicated courts which can be appointed with a deadline for completion of trials could rule out bail being granted to the accused too, as often once an accused is out on bail, trials can drag on. Getting a trial over fast also harmonizes the rights of an accused who, if charged falsely or even otherwise, has a right to bail if a trial shows no sign of starting soon. Delayed trial usually benefits an accused in a case that appears open-and-shut, too, like the recent gangrape in Delhi, as witnesses may falter in court and the agony of the victim is unduly prolonged,\" said advocate Ashish Chavan, who handles criminal cases in Mumbai.Times ViewCourts dedicated to only crime against women could be one way of reducing the growing violence against them. Dedicated courts will mean faster trials, meaning reduction of the time lag between crime and punishment; this will be a stronger deterrent against this type of crime. Easy bail is an encouragement for crime and faster trials will do away with the need for bail to the accused, especially in apparently open-and-shut cases. The government also needs to make the law much tougher even for crime that doesn't end in rape. The message needs to go out that the system has zero tolerance for crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bagaha", "code": "17763708", "title": "Farmers facing hardship in selling agricultural produce", "text": "BAGAHA: Farmers of Bagaha sub-division are facing untold hardships in selling their agricultural produce, especially paddy, at the minimum support price (MSP) fixed by the state government in the absence of paddy procurement centre.Economically crippled farmers are being forced to sell paddy at the rate of Rs 950 to Rs 1,050 per quintal to undertake their Rabi and sugarcane cultivation. Though the state government had given approval to primary agriculture co-operative societies (PACS) and State Food Corporation (SFC) to open additional procurement centres, where farmers can sell paddy at the government-announced MSP rate of Rs 1,250 to Rs 1,280 per quintal, the local PACS and SFC are showing no interest in opening centres. They are making dilly delaying tactics to delay paddy procurement.Sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Bagaha, Animesh Kumar Parasar recently convened a meeting of PACS chairpersons as well as State Food Corporation officials in his office chamber and directed them to open paddy procurement centres but about two weeks elapsed since the meeting, they have not begun exercise for paddy procurement.A progressive farmer, Rajkumar Gupta, native of Malakauli (Bagaha), alleged that the local PACS and the SFC were reluctant to purchase paddy from the farmers on the pretext of shortage of godown. One of the PACS chairpersons, preferring anonymity said, \"The paddy now huge moisture. Hence, it will cause loss to the PACS. We will start purchasing after December when some moisture evaporates.\"Taking advantage, local middlemen are purchasing paddy at a comparatively low rate. When the PACS and the SFC will start purchasing, the same middlemen will sell paddy at minimum support price. Ramashankar Dubey, president, block Congress Committee, Bagaha-2nd, flayed the district administration for taking no steps towards opening up paddy purchase centres.Farmers in Bagaha sub-division are also dismayed over the state government's failure to announce MSP for sugarcane for the current season. Every year, the state government used to announce MSP for sugarcane in the last week of October or first week of November. But this year, the sugarcane MSP is yet to be announced, whereas sugar mills have already began crushing of sugar canes.Cold wave: Chilling cold coupled with westerly wind sweeping for the last seven days have forced people, especially old and the children to confine indoors. All long route trains running on Gorakhpur-Narakatiaganj section of Samastipur rail division are running abnormally late. The administration has made no arrangement of bonfire at any of the roundabouts of Bagaha town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762510", "title": "Pedalling with prayers for Delhi rape victim", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of the city celebrated Christmas but they did not forget to pray for the paramedical student struggling for her life in Delhi. A group of cyclists in the city visited some of the churches and lighted candles praying for her recovery.Devinder Nagi, a teacher and a resident of Model Gram who organized the event informed, \"We all gathered at Sarabha Nagar market. Then we first paid obeisance at the Holy Cross Church and then we went to Kalvari church in Kidwai Nagar, the CNI church and then to the Bethel prayer house. We prayed for the recovery of the Delhi rape victim and lit candles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762209", "title": "Chemical waste adds to Mandur woes", "text": "BANGALORE: Mandur's woes just don't seem to end. Even as Mandur villagers are agitated over dumping of garbage from Bangalore in their midst, they now have to contend with trucks from neighbouring Andhra Pradesh offloading on the sly hazardous chemical waste in their village.On Monday night, an AP truck was found clandestinely moving into Mandur landfill. Mandur villagers stopped the truck to find that it was carrying huge quantity of chemical waste from a beverage company in AP. The cargo was emanating strong stench as well as clouds of fumes.The truck was allegedly trying to dump chemical waste illegally inside Srinivas Gayathri Resource Recoveries in Mandur South landfill.The villagers alerted the BBMP personnel at the landfill. They also deflated the wheels of the truck.On Tuesday, BBMP engineers and officials from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board visited the spot and filed a police compliant. The pollution control officials collected samples of the liquid waste in the truck.It is said that the vehicle was coming from Patan Cheruvu, a suburb located 25 km from Hyderabad.\"We have been told that similar waste had been dumped in the landfill earlier. Apparently, they had come here many times but were caught only this time. The diesel tanker-like truck aroused the suspicion of villagers,\" said Narendra Babu, a Mandur resident.\"We fear the truck was carrying some poisonous liquid. It looks like there is something burning inside the truck. For the entire Tuesday, fumes continued to come out of the truck,\" said Srinivas Gowda, another Mandur resident.The truck is stationed in front of the landfill.The truck and the drama it created disrupted dumping by trucks ferrying garbage from the city.\"We could send only 150 trucks to Mandur on Monday night. This affected the garbage clearance in the city on Tuesday morning, especially in Bangalore South,\" admitted a BBMP engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761424", "title": "Dharmender bags Laser Class crown", "text": "MUMBAI: Dharmender Singh of Army Yachting Node(AYN) had a fantastic final two races as he lifted the Standard Laser Class title during the Coastal National Sailing Championship at the Festival of Sails at the South of Oyster Rock, Colaba on Tuesday.Dharmender, who had lost his lead to compatriot Kuldeep Pandey on Monday, gathered his lost form to finish second and first in the race nine and ten to win the championship with 26 points.In the Radial Class category, it was again AYN's Ramesh Kumar who was a run-away winner with a gap of nine points.In the 4.7 Class category, Chintan Chatbar overcame tough resistance from Upamanyu Dutta, Vir Menon and Vishnu Saravanan to win the championship by six points.Final results: Standard Class: 1) Dharmender Singh -- 26 points 2) Kuldeep Kumar Pandey -- 28 points 3) Gajender Singh -- 39 points 4) Muzahid Khan -- 41 points 5) Gitesh -- 50 points.Radial Class: 1) Ramesh Kumar -- 20 points 2) Bikram Mohapatra -- 29 points 3) Shekhar Siingh Yadav -- 44 points 4) Xexes Bamboat -- 47 points 5) Sharif Khan 58 points.4.7 Class: 1) Chintan Chatbar -- 22 points 2) Upamanyu Dutta - 28 points 3) Vir Menon -- 28 points 4) Vishnu Saravanan -- 29 points 5) Ektha Yadav -- 60 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763286", "title": "TN govt makes it mandatory to have CCTV cameras at all public places", "text": "CHENNAI: The message from the government is loud and clear. If you are in a public place, you are going to be under watch, all the time. In an attempt to curb rising incidents of crime, the Tamil Nadu government has made it mandatory to install closedcircuit television (CCTV) cameras in all public places across the state.An order issued in this regard, which came into force on December 14, said CCTVs will have to be installed at all public buildings within six months, either by owners or by those who are occupying the premises. Every 300sqm of area should have one camera, it said. \"If CCTVs are not installed within the prescribed time, trade or business licences of such establishments will be suspended or cancelled,\" said a senior official in the municipal administration department.The idea was mooted by director general of police K Ramanujam recently. Police have been pitching for it because CCTVs played a major role in cracking cases and nabbing criminals in many recent instances in Chennai and other cities. Two major bank robberies, that took place in Chennai suburbs earlier this year, were solved after video footage at one the banks provided crucial clues on the suspects. The five robbers, who were behind both incidents, were killed in an encounter.It is the responsibility of civic bodies to monitor implementation of the order. Also, hereafter, those who plan to construct public buildings will have to make provisions for installing CCTVs. Such provisions should form part of the design, without which the regulatory bodies and local bodies would not give approval, the order said.The order applies to schools, colleges, universities and similar educational institutions including private ones. The rule is also applicable to hostels where more than 100 persons reside, hospitals, nursing homes, dispensaries, clinics and maternity centres with an area of 500sqm and above. Similarly, star hotels, marriage halls, cinema theatres, amusement parks, swimming pools, recreation centres, auditoriums, exhibition halls, museums and gymnasium should also install CCTVs.In addition, market places, ATMs, insurance companies, jewellery shops, shopping malls, fuel stations, industrial units with more than 100 employees, IT and ITES establishments, radio and television broadcasting stations, places of religious worship where more than 500 persons assemble at a time, central, state and quasi-government offices, bus terminals, library, coffee houses and eating houses with a floor area of 500sqm and above should install such cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763570", "title": "Nitish calls for martial arts training to girls", "text": "PATNA: To ward off the Delhi gang rape-like incidents, CM Nitish Kumar has a solution. Train as many girls in martial arts as possible, not to attack their tormentors but to defend themselves from people with evil designs. The CM said this while addressing the participants of 31st Senior National Taekwondo Championship-2012 at the Patliputra Stadium here on Tuesday.He said girls should be empowered, made strong and given training of martial arts so that they could save themselves from any untoward incident. \"To instill self-confidence among them, the training of martial arts was introduced in Bihar schools and it has become a big hit now as over one lakh girls are taking lessons in judo and karate in various schools across the state.The CM further said, \"When I introduced bicycle scheme for girl students, there had been widespread apprehension that they might be the victim of eve-teasing. But instead it yielded good results as no case of eve-teasing came to light in the countryside.\"Presiding over the function, art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey said this is the first time that Bihar, under the banner of state taekwondo association, is hosting the senior taekwondo championship. \"The government is committed to organize more national and international sports meet to instill confidence among players,\" she said.Taekwondo Federation of India president Harish Kumar said 38 teams and over 750 participants from different parts of the country are taking part in the championship which will continue till December 27. \"Most of the participants are champions of their respective states and those securing first, second and third place in the championship will be selected in the Indian team,\" he said.Kumar said the country has over five lakh taekwondo players and the target is to take it to up to 15 lakh to compete with Korea. General secretary of Taekwondo Federation of India T Pravin Kumar, Bihar Taekwondo Association secretary Ajay Kumar and art and culture secretary Chanchal Kumar were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762262", "title": "Hospital worker killed in accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old medical supervisor died of injuries sustained after the motorcycle on which he was travelling was knocked down by a lorry at Irumbuliyur near Tambaram on Tuesday morning.S Gunasekaran, an employee of the SRM Medical College and Hospital in Kattankulathur, was travelling on his bike with his friend, Karthikeyan on the pillion when a lorry knocked down the vehicle at the Irumbuliyur signal. Both were rushed to a private hospital where Gunasekaran died. Karthikeyan is undergoing treatment. Police registered a case of rash and negligent driving and are looking for the lorry driver.Police said the stretch of GST Road between Tambaram and Perungalathur, particularly the leg between Irumbuliyur bus stop and the Peerkankaranai bus stop, was a high-risk stretch where at least 15 people lost their lives in accidents this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17762971", "title": "Communists, dalit groups pay respects to Keezhvenmani massacre victims", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: It was a solemn occasion for the nearly 2,000 people who had gathered at the martyr pillar erected at Keezhvenmani, a village in Nagapattinam district, to remember the 44 dalit farmhands who were killed in one of the worst incidents of land-related violence in the history of Tamil Nadu 44 years ago. A procession was taken out by CPM, which has erected the memorial and organizes the annual function on the 'Venmani Martyrs Day'. Cadres of other political parties including the CPI, Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi (VCK) and Puthiya Tamizhagam also participated. In a reflection of the changed times, a cross-section of the village, irrespective of caste and class participated in the function.\"In the past years since the gruesome massacre occurred, the mindset of the people in the village has changed. People from all communities have been living in harmony since the 1980s. On Tuesday, people from backward communities also paid homage to the martyrs,\" said A V Murugaiyan, Nagapattinam district secretary of CPM.The commemoration began on Monday evening itself with cadres of Student Federation of India (SFI) paying homage to victims. On Tuesday, around 2,000 including party cadres offered floral tributes. CITU, the trade union affiliated to CPM, is building a memorial hall in the village at the cost of Rs 3 crore.M Selvaraj, former MP and district secretary of CPI, told TOI that though people in the village live in harmony, caste divide continues. to be a reality. \"It would not lead to violence. But the PMK leader Dr S Ramadoss unnecessarily tried to incite caste-violence by making remarks against inter-caste marriages and demanding amendments in the SC/ST Act. Such moves could incite violence. So, he should stop indulging in such activities,\" he told, after paying homage at the memorial.However, the difference in perceptions between whether the massacre was a case of class conflict or caste violence has not been resolved. And, the refusal of CPM to let other parties conduct the martyrs' day at Keezhvenmani continues to be a sore point for dalit groups. \"We also want to pay tributes to the martyrs. But the CPM does not allow us to arrange for any programmes during the anniversary saying that only their party stood in support of the farmers of Keezhvenmani. They also said that they had got the place of massacre registered in their party's name. It is unacceptable that a single party claims ownership of the historical place,\" said S Vivekanandam, Thanjavur district secretary of VCK.It was on the night of December 25, 1968, a group of people, allegedly under instruction from landlords belonging to a backward community, set fire to huts where women and children had huddled together. It was said the gruesome massacre was perpetrated by landlords after farm workers demanded an increase in the quantity of paddy given as wages. The labourers had refused to part with the harvest when their demand was rejected. Irinjur Gopalakrishnan Naidu, the then head of Paddy Producers Association and a landlord from Keezhvenmani, was accused of masterminding the massacre. He was acquitted by a court, but a group of people murdered him in 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761770", "title": "Prayer gives way to charity and revelry on Christmas", "text": "MUMBAI: Worshippers at Good Shepherd Church in Four Bungalows streamed out after midnight Christmas mass around 11.45pm on Monday. The congregation was a picture of dignity as men, women and children in formal wear slowly, silently walked home contemplating the miracle of Jesus's birth.Prayer paved the path for celebration after morning mass on Tuesday. Christmas Day began with charity and thanksgiving followed by a family lunch and rounded off by a Christmas dance at the local club or gymkhana.As the clergy settled to well-earned rest, Fr Errol Fernandes SJ of St Peter's Church, Bandra, explained that the demand for evening mass on Christmas Day did not make liturgical sense. \"Having already welcomed the birth of Jesus at Christmas Eve and Christmas morning, it is not appropriate to do so as the second night approaches,\" he said.It is charming to see how the birthday of a religious apostle has become the most secular festival in the world. Mumbaikars of all faiths join their Christian brethren at mass and celebration. Feasting, decorating the home and the Christmas tree have spawned a booming industry.Homemaker Savita Jha and her school-going children were picking almost every colour and shape of sweet at a Colaba confectionery over the weekend.\"Non-Christians constitute the bulk of our customers for two reasons. They outnumber the Catholic community and are extremely attracted by the cakes, kulkuls, guava cheese and marzipan which are routine items in Christian households. So they purchase higher volumes. Catholics tend to prepare most items at home because Christmas is a time for family reunions,\" said the store owner.Outside Andheri station, Ahura Bakery sees the ratio of Christian and secular consumers touch 50:50. Owner Viraf Irani said, \"We are in the neighbourhood of Amboli gaothan so several Catholics from therebuy from us. The cost of raw material like sugar is so high in the retail market that readymade sweets work out cheaper. The rate of cooking gas makes household ovens unviable, and after all that, there is the fear that the bakes may not turn out perfect.\" Meanwhile, residents of the neighbouring Juhu gaothan welcomed Santa Claus and his East Indian brass band as he distributed sweets to 250 children on Christmas morning. \"GARAJ ( Gauthans Active Residents Association of Juhu) and MGP-Juhu Panchayat will award three prizes to the best cribs in the gaothan followed by a jugglers' Christmas party for around 200 children on January 2,\" said Gleason Barretto of the Mobai Gaothan Panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17765806", "title": "Mamata allots Rs 35 crores for distributing sickle, cash to rural voters", "text": "KOLKATA: Desperate to woo voters ahead of the crucial panchayat elections, the Mamata Banerjee government has decided to distribute sickle and other tools among farmers.She has embarked upon several such sops for the farming community despite crying herself hoarse over the bankrupt treasuries.The state agriculture department will have to shell out an additional Rs 35 crore for the voter-wooing exercise.In a recent public event, she has talked about distributing irrigation pumps for farmers. She has also asked the West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company (WBSEDCL) to facilitate power connections to rural households.The rural polls, likely to be held in April, is crucial for the chief minister as 17 of the rural councils all over the state still belongs to the Opposition. Mamata is desperate to wrest all the zilla parishads from the CPM.An official of the agriculture department said, \"For now, Rs 10 crore has been allocated for extending these helps to farmers.\"The chief minister, who has started touring the districts and campaigning for the panchayat elections, will start distributing the farming equipment from January.In addition to these, there is a decision to hand over Rs 8,000 among 31,000 farmers for switching over to electricity-run pumps from their existing diesel-operated ones. For this, another Rs 25 crore has been allocated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17763382", "title": "BJP resorts to repeat formula in Rajkot Municipal Corporation", "text": "RAJKOT: BJP has gone in for a repeat formula in appointing office bearers to various positions in Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC). Following a meeting on Tuesday under chairmanship of city mayor Janak Kotak, the party announced the chairman of standing committee, deputy mayor along with chairmen and members of 15 committees of RMC.Deputy mayor Deepaben Chikani has been repeated for the second consecutive term in office while Jaiman Upadhyay will once again be the chairman of standing committee. This will be his third term in the office. The announcements came after a delay caused by the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) being in place on account of assembly polls. BJP sources said that the because of the MCC, members of various committees got only nine months to function instead of a full year. This has led to their being repeated.While the BJP repeated Kashyap Shukla, Nitin Bhardwaj, Narendra Solanki and Kamlesh Mirani as members of the standing committed, Congress members Atul Rajani and Sharad Talashaniya were replaced by Gayatriba Vaghela and Vasharam Saghathiya respectively.\"The standing committee will meet on December 27 in which the office-bearers would be announced formally. Our priority will be providing water and other basic amenities,\" Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762442", "title": "Police team thrashed during raid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Panchkula police team headed by crime branch in charge inspector Chhatar Singh was reportedly thrashed by residents of Mauli Complex in Manimajra when they were conducting a raid in search of a wanted robber, Dharminder alias Dharma, on Monday night.Though Dharma was nabbed after a search operation, a case against over a dozen persons was registered at the Manimajra police station.Inspector Singh said the accused helped Dharma escape from his house, though he was later nabbed in Panchkula. Police sources said the Panchkula police did not inform the Chandigarh police before raiding the house of the criminal and the UT police only came to know about it when a Panchkula policeman passed the information to the PCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17761655", "title": "DND jams to last 2 months", "text": "NOIDA: There is bad news for commuters who have to travel between Noida to Delhi during peak hours on the DND Flyway as they will have to brave traffic snarls till the Kalindi Kunj bridge remains partially closed for repairs for the next two months. According to DND officials, traffic on the flyway has increased by almost 30% due to the closure. Delhi Traffic Police said that since there are no alternative routes for people commuting through, traffic jams are almost inevitable.The toll operator of DND said that while the road from Delhi to Noida remained clear on Tuesday, the backlog of traffic at Maharani Bagh and Ashram led to the opposite carriageway getting choked during peak hours. \"Since a lot of buses and two-wheelers that usually ply on the Kalindi Kunj bridge are now coming to Noida via the DND or via Sarai Kale Khan, the Maharani Bagh traffic signal is jammed during peak hours. As a result, traffic movement is slow for those travelling via the DND to Delhi,\" said a senior Delhi Traffic Police official.According to the DND, there has been a 30% increase in the traffic on the bridge, a large majority of which are two-wheelers. \"We have trifurcated our consumer car lane for motorcyclists so as to ensure that traffic flows constantly,\" said Anwar Abbasi, spokesperson Noida Toll Bridge Co Ltd, the DND operator. \"On Sunday, the DND catered to an additional 15,000 vehicles diverted from Kalindi Kunj, while till 8pm on Monday nearly 25,000 vehicles had crossed the toll plaza,\" Abbasi added.According to traffic police officers, the traffic jams on the route from Noida to Delhi are quite inevitable as there is no alternative route for the vehicles. \"For cars coming from Noida to south Delhi, there is no other route. Moreover, the road is now taking the burden of two routes and traffic jams are inevitable,\" said a senior Delhi traffic police official.Delhi Traffic Police officers said they have increased the number of policemen posted on the route, while all traffic signals are being operated manually to ensure that traffic keeps moving.The Kalindi Kunj bridge will be closed from December 23 to January 22 in the Delhi to Noida direction, while the opposite carriageway will be shut from January 23 to February 24 to facilitate repair work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17766469", "title": "Lenovo eyes 15% market share in large enterprise biz", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leading PC-maker Lenovo is looking to increase its market share in the Large Enterprise business segment to 15 per cent by 2013.\"We need to improve our market share in large enterprise business and improve our channel network in that segment. Today, we have around 10 per cent market share in large enterprise business segment and we expect to make it 15 per cent by next year,\" Lenovo India's Executive Director for Commercial Business Segment, Rahul Agarwal said.The Large Enterprise business segment, targetted at companies having 500-1,000 employees, is part of Lenovo India's relationship business (REL) which currently contributes to around 40-45 per cent of company's total revenues in the country.\"In REL, we have five segments - Global, Very Large Enterprises, Large Enterprises, Education and Government.\"Average contribution of Global (segment) would be around 30-35 per cent, Very Large Enterprises 20 per cent, Large Enterprises around 10-12 per cent, Education and Government around 15 per cent each,\" Agarwal said.He said that recently the company has won tender from the Tamil Nadu government to supply over 350,000 notebooks which will lead to an increase in contribution of REL's revenue from average of 25 per cent to 40-45 per cent.Lenovo India is also in race for the Uttar Pradesh tender for supply of laptops. \"Yes, we have bid,\" Agarwal said.Lenovo is a $30 billion personal technology company and the world's second largest PC company, serving customers in more than 160 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765527", "title": "Wedding on cards for Berry, Martinez?", "text": "Actress Halle Berry and fiance Oliver Martinez were seen checking out different churches here, leaving people to think if they have a wedding on their mind.Berry, 46, has been in relationship with Martinez for two years. They got engaged this year and were seen checking out Saint-Sulpice and Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-pres, two historic churches in the picturesque city, reports radaronline.com.The couple, who reside in Los Angeles , are currently here to celebrate Christmas.Berry was previously in relationship with Gabriel Aubry and has a daughter Nahla with him but parted ways in 2010 after being together for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763236", "title": "'Declare rape non-bailable offence'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Founder secretary of the Ahmedabad Women's Action Group (AWAG) Ila Pathak said that crime against women should be treated as a non-bailable offence and dedicated fast track courts should be set up for crimes against women.Pathak was speaking at a protest rally organized by AWAG and Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF) at Sardarbaug on Tuesday. The activists demanded justice for the Delhi gang rape victim and stringent measures to curb such heinous crimes.Pathak said Gujarat has its fair share of cases where women have been assaulted and exploited. \"In 13 districts there are only 601 women per 1,000 men in Gujarat. Not only women, even little girls who are only two or three years old get raped and killed. There is nothing that can be done to compensate what these women have suffered but the government should help them rebuild their lives. The central government had declared a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for women who have been raped but this aid is not made available to rape victims\", said Pathak. She said that through peaceful protests pressure would be build on the government and the people to bring about a change.In 2011, 439 rape cases and 5,902 family assault cases were registered. Records show that nine rape cases were reported last week in the state. \"Plight of women has become worse in the last 10 years. Matters related to literacy, healthcare and violence against women have been neglected\", said Pathak.Young women and even octogenarians lent support to the cause by participating in the event. \"We live in a society where we should learn to respect women and stop discriminating against them\", said Vishnu Patel.Damyanti Parikh, who is 85 years old, said, \"We need to do something about the plight of women. I was a part of the freedom struggle and it saddens me to see that we have come to this. Unless we do something the situation will only get worse\", said Parikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761288", "title": "Atalji Janasnehi Kendras to expedite revenue services", "text": "MANGALORE: 'Nemmadi' centres across Karnataka may not have given 'satisfaction' to people who went there for 36 different services provided by the revenue department. The failure of these centres to provide 'nemmadi' to people also echoed in the recently held session of the state legislature in Suvarna Vidhan Soudha. Striving to address this issue, the state government on Tuesday opened Atalji Janasnehi Kendra across Karnataka.In Dakshina Kannada district, these kendras have been set up in 17 hobli centres and will provide 36 different services to applicants in a time frame ranging from a minimum of one-day for a copy of Record of Rights, Tenancy and Crops (RTCs) over the counter to a maximum of 70 days for social security schemes. Each kendra will be headed by revenue official of rank of deputy tahsildar, who in turn will be assisted by revenue inspector, village accountant, case worker and computer operator.While five of these kendras in DK are located in Mangalore taluk, three each are in Bantwal and Belthangady, two each in Sullia and Puttur, and one each in Kadaba and Moodbidri respectively. KA Dayananda, additional deputy commissioner said these kendras will handle all the 36 services locally and people need not approach the taluk office for the same. Barring RTC copy, rest of the services will be provided to people from Wednesday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762512", "title": "Excise department raids marriage palace", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Sales and Excise Taxation Department raided two complexes of the Hardy's World for serving liquor without taking permission from the department. Department officials and the local police raided the premises, which houses a marriage hall and several rooms.Officials examined records and confiscated liquor cartons. The raid, that started in the afternoon, was still on at the time of filing of this story, when officials were counting liquor cartons recovered.While officials said they would reveal details only after work was completed, sources attributed the raid to serving of liquor without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17762203", "title": "Belda eatery owner beaten to death", "text": "Midnapore: Blood spilled at a wayside dhaba near Belda police station on Monday after a group of drunk tourists lynched the eatery owner following an altercation over food.Police rounded up 35 youths, including an influential youth leader of Trinamool Congress . The group, that had left the Midnapore town for a Christmas picnic in Odisha, finally landed up in prison.Bakrabad villagers, who witnessed the bloodbath at the dhaba off National Highway-60, said that the trouble broke out in the wee hours after tourists from Midnapore came in a bus to the wayside eatery, hardly two kilometres from the Belda police station. Police said that the youths hailed from Mirzabazar area of Midnapore town. \"They were going to Debkundu in Odisha for a picnic and left Midnapore at around 1.30am. They stopped by the dhaba on their way to Odisha,\" said a police officer.Dulali Mishra, one of the owners of the eatery, was present there along with her two brothers and co-owners Sunil and Swapan Kar. \"The eatery was full since it was Christmas eve. Our employees were busy when the bus arrived. More than 50 passengers got down from the bus and asked for food,\" said Dulali.She told that the problem broke out over late serving of food. \"I told them that it would take some time to serve food because all employees were busy with other customers. But the customers were in a hurry and repeatedly asked for food,\" said Dulali.Other employees of the eatery told police that the youths suddenly went berserk and started abusing the staff. The employees tried to pacify the angry youths leading to a scuffle. Some passengers took it as an insult and ransacked the eatery. In the melee, a youth from the crowd hit one of the owners Sunil on his head with an iron rod when he tried to resist the mob frenzy. Sunil sustained serious injuries and was taken to a local hospital where he was declared brought dead. The unruly mob didn't even spare the other co-owner Swapan. They thrashed him, along with other employees of the eatery.Dulali somehow managed to escape from the eatery and informed police. Officials from Belda police station rushed to the spot and rounded up 35 of the accused youths, including Kalyan Parta, a TMC youth leader from Midnapore town. \"They were booked for culpable homicide,\" said Dyutiman Bhattacharya, SDPO, Kharagpur. All of them were produced before the Midnapore court on Tuesday and remanded in judicial custody till January 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17763324", "title": "No end to troubles for Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: There seems to be no end to the trouble of the state PSU, Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC). Under fire from activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal for an alleged scam of Rs 20,000 crores for its offshore gas exploration in KG Basin, off Andhra coast, the premier bluechip company is now facing the ire of the Andhra Pradesh government for failing to take forest and wildlife clearance.It has asked GSPC executives to \"stop work\" of laying down a crucial submarine pipeline to take gas from KG Basin to its onshore gas terminal (OGT) via an area which is 10 km of the Corianga sanctuary without necessary clearances. It asks them to explain \"why action shouldn't be taken\" for violating forest and wildlife laws.A senior Sachivalaya official said, senior GSPC officials as also its highly-paid technical advisors \"only took environmental clearance\" and thought it was \"enough\". After nearly two years, they have found that it was not enough, and that forest and wildlife clearance, under their respective Central laws, would also need to be taken, without which KG Basin gas cannot reach OGT. \"Hectic preparations are on to prepare papers\", the official said, adding, \"The delay in failing to take necessary clearances will mean commercial production of KG Basin gas will have to be postponed by at least 18 months.\" The notice to \"stop work\" was delivered after GSPC failed to respond to two earlier warnings.The work for the Rs 2,000 crore OGT is under progress at Mallavaram, and nearly 30 per cent of it is complete. Under instructions of chief minister Narendra Modi , the work has been on fast track with the expectation that ahead of the Lok Sabha polls in 2014, GSPC would go into full-scale commercial operation. This would help neutralize some of the criticism being levelled against GSPC for creating hype around the KG operations, where instead of the prematurely announced 20 trillion cubic feet (tcf) of gas only 2 tcf was found. Nobody knows how much of the 2 tcf is actually recoverable. Meanwhile, GSPC is in search of a foreign partner who can help make maximum utilization of the KG gas.Three clearances are crucial for a project of this dimension - environmental under a1982 Act, forest under another 1980 Act, and wildlife clearance under 1972 Act. \"Gujarat forest and environment department was not consulted. It could have guided GSPC on the clearances needed to be taken\", the official said, adding, \"The result was, GSPC executives just 'forgot' to take the other two crucial clearances. GSPC executives should have known that the project of laying down the pipeline would first go for state wildlife board for Andhra nod, then the national wildlife board, and finally the Supreme Court appointed monitoring committee.\"Officials are also of the view that the GSPC went in for \"unnecessary haste\" for building OGT at a time when another facility could be hired for less than one-tenth of the cost. GSPC managing-director Tapan Ray was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762232", "title": "Mother-son duo held for murder bid on businessman", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a mother-son duo on the charges of attempt to murder, after they set ablaze a businessman's car at Madhavaram Milk Colony over a property dispute on Tuesday.Police identified the arrested as Padmavathy, 45, and Dinesh, 21.Police said Suresh, a businessman, owned a floor in a three-storeyed building on V V Koil Street in Kosapet. A realtor Dinesh and his friend Jeeva who bought the other two floors of the building wanted to purchase the share from Suresh. They subsequently asked him to sell the the property to them. But Suresh did not budge to their demand.\"Dinesh had a plan to demolish the building and Suresh was his only hindrance, as he did not sell the house,\" said an investigating officer.On December 21, Dinesh telephoned Suresh and asked him to come to Madhavaram for a negotiation. After the negotiation did not yield any result, Dinesh and Jeeva followed the businessman, who was in his car with a relative Bhaskar. The friends soon intercepted the car and asked the occupants to get down from the vehicle. After a heated argument, Jeeva assaulted Suresh and set ablaze the vehicle and escaped from the spot.The businessman who had a miraculous escape lodged a complaint with the Madhavaram Milk Colony Police. Following this, police arrested Padmavathy and Dinesh. They are on the look out for Jeeva. The accused have been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761755", "title": "Wakf board up against Nampally metro station", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Wakf Board (APSWB) is opposing the construction of a metro rail station the government is planning to build opposite an upcoming wakf mall at Nampally, which will largely house office complexes on rent.The APSWB passed a resolution on Monday saying it will write to authorities to get the Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) scout for an alternative location as they perceive the first four floors of the under-construction seven storeyed Wakf Garden View Mall will get blocked by the new metro station.APSWB member Syed Altaf Hyder Razvi said officials from HMR were refusing to relocate the station which has now prompted the board to approach top government officials. \"The money of various wakf institutions has gone into this project and the revenue generated through leasing of its portions will go for the welfare of Muslims. Commercial viability will take a beating if the frontage is blocked by the station,\" Razvi said.The estimated cost is expected to climb to Rs 70 crore at the time of completion, Wakf Board officials said. The APSWB intends to use security deposits of the various tenants to complete the construction in phases.In another significant move, the APSWB has decided to conditionally allot 10 acres attached to the Baba Sharfuddin Wakf property in Pahadi Shareef for construction of the second and long-awaited Haj House. Further, the MIM has suggested that G+1 blocks should be constructed across the land parcel instead of a multi-storied building. This would protect it from being encroached apart from being pilgrim friendly, they said.APSWB also passed a resolution that after Haj season, which lasts for a little over a month, the facility would be used for economic and educational upliftment of the Muslims. Short term vocational trainings and computer literacy programmes would be organised there, Razvi said.The APSWB also demanded that the chief minister look into criminal activity in Jillela in Kurnool district as a result of which a mosque was damaged.Apart from asking the government to reconstruct the mosque, they have urged authorities to book cases against the miscreants under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Crimanal Procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760867", "title": "Showroom uses basement parking as workshop", "text": "NAGPUR: Businesses continue to violate building norms in the city. After TOI highlighted violations of norms by coaching classes and service apartments, it has now come to fore that two-wheeler showrooms too are in the same league.TOI's investigation about a showroom Tajshree Varsha, situated at Deo Nagar, reveals a shocking scenario. TOI collated building plans and other details under the Right to Information (RTI) Act and found several irregularities committed by the showroom owner.According to the sanctioned building plan, the basement is shown only for parking nine cars and 22 two-wheelers. However, a visit to the showroom reveals that the basement has been converted into a service station and is being utilized for maintenance of two-wheelers. Eight motorcycle repair tables have been installed in the basement. A room has also been constructed for storage and sale of spare parts.The visitors parking place is shown in front of building's main entrance on the ground floor. However, visitors are strictly prohibited from park their vehicles in the space as it is utilized for displaying new vehicles or parking the vehicles that have been dropped off for maintenance. The visitors are asked to park on the road side.The side and rear marginal spaces which have to be kept open have been utilized by the showroom.The stilt parking is shown in rear side of the building followed by parking space for 24 bicycles and two two-wheelers. But the things seem different on spot.Alleging that NMC officials are deliberately turning a blind eye to the violations, social activist TH Naidu told TOI that two-wheelers showrooms, especially Tajshree, are creating obstacles in smooth flow of traffic. \"I pass through Khamla Road daily. Pedestrians cannot use the footpaths as it is encroached by many shopkeepers. The truck which transports vehicle consignments takes up huge space on the road in front of Tajshree showroom. Many NMC officials know about these violations but do not act against it,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone GM Rathod said he had received no complaints about the showroom since his joining last month. \"No doubt it is a violation if the basement parking is utilized for commercial purpose or maintenance of vehicles. I will initiate necessary action in case I find any violation,\" he said.Chairman-cum-managing director of Tajshree Motors, Avinash Bhute, justified the violation, saying that almost all two-wheeler showrooms did the same thing. \"I admit that we carry out maintenance of two-wheelers in the basement but there is no permanent construction. The parking is meant for our visitors and we park their vehicles there for maintenance or any other purpose. The repair tables occupy a mere 20% of the total space. Besides, there were no other violations. We even plan to increase one floor in the building by utilizing TDR,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762170", "title": "Bangalore becomes hub of hybrid heart surgeries", "text": "BANGALORE: Heart surgeries are going hybrid in Bangalore. Going innovative in addressing heart ailments like major arterial blockages, big hospitals in the city are conducting advanced hybrid surgeries blending minimally invasive bypass techniques with angioplasty to clear the blockages.An advanced hybrid surgery is performed over three days: a cardiothoracic surgeon first does a minimally invasive cardiac bypass procedure and two days later, an interventional cardiologist performs an angioplasty to clear the blockage.The alternative is the traditional bypass surgery involving cutting of the breast bone and making incision in the leg to remove veins. But the hybrid surgery not only translates into less pain but also reduces the four-week recovery period to five days.Multispeciality hospitals like Narayana Hrudayalaya, Fortis Hospitals and Manipal Hospitals have begun conducting advanced hybrid heart surgeries since early this year. Fortis Hospitals claims to have performed three hybrid coronary artery bypass graft surgeries in the last four months.Dr Mohammed Rehan Sayeed, consultant cardiothoracic surgeon, Fortis Hospitals, said: \"Hybrid surgery is beneficial where patients are high-risk or elderly and might need two procedures with a time gap to remove major blocks and involving multiple vessels. All our hybrid procedures are done through pinhole incisions and are minimally invasive so there is no bone cut, less blood loss. The patient can be discharged within five days and get back to work as soon as possible.\"Bangalore's status as a medical tourism hub has resulted in patients from across the world flocking to the city to gain advantage of the cost benefits of advanced hybrid heart surgeries. All three hospitals confirmed at least 5% of their clientele are either foreigners or Indians settled abroad.\"An advanced hybrid surgery costs anywhere between Rs. 2.50 lakh and Rs 6 lakh in India depending on the patient's complications. In the US, it would cost anywhere between Rs 70 lakh and Rs 1 crore,\" said Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya.This surgery is costlier because of the cost of the stents. The cost is expected to come down once India starts producing its own stents.\"In congenital heart diseases, hybrid treatment is getting wider acceptance to improve overall outcome. Also in surgeries of the aorta, hybrid treatment is bringing down the overall mortality and morbidity and improving chances of survival,\" said Dr Devananda NS, HOD and consultant cardiothoracic surgeon, Manipal Heart Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17761625", "title": "Clumsy weekly market arouses academic interest", "text": "HUBLI: The clumsy and unorganized weekly market in Dharwad has interested a PhD student of the Karnatak University, Dharwad (KUD) who has chosen the subject for his research study and presented a paper on it.SU Mulla, a geography student carried out the study under the guidance of Aravind Mulimani, chairman of the department of studies in geography. \"The main objective of the paper is to assess the significance of weekly market in urban environment and to identify the problems and suggestions for the prosperity of the market,\" Aravind Mulimani told TOI.The primary data for the study was gathered through a questionnaire. The Hubli- Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is supervising the Tuesday market and is collecting fees from vendors, which varies from Rs 2 to Rs 5 per day. There is no organized structure inside the market and vendors put up their shops all over the premises.After an extensive study, the department finally found that the existing weekly market is very crowded and is in a shambles in the absence of many basic facilities like drinking water, sanitation and proper garbage. Vendors don't have a roof over their head and when it rains they have nowhere to go. The consumers are also inconvenienced due to space crunch in the crowded market. The study suggests that the traditional Tuesday market needs a facelift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763280", "title": "Cameras at every corner get thumbs up from cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu's law enforcment agencies have reason to cheer. After several attempts were made in fits and starts to install CCTV cameras at various spots in the city, the state government's blanket order has made their job easier. But a few expressed concern over the maintenance of existing ones.Chennai police commissioner S George said the order will go a long way in helping police curb crime and nab criminals. \"Installation of CCTVs at vantage points will not only help in crime detection but crime prevention as well. The 'you are being watched' factor acts as a major deterrent,\" he told TOI.He cited recent cases in which CCTV cameras helped identify culprits. In Purasawalkam, a CCTV camera captured thieves breaking into a car and stealing 58 lakh in cash. In another instance, a street camera helped nab the culprits behind a heist in Tirupur where close to 1,300 sovereigns of gold were stolen, he said.George said there was a plan to connect the CCTV cameras to a monitor in the police control room. Financial institutions, ATMs, railway stations, various government institutions and jewellery shops are some of the spots that have been identified as \"vulnerable\" by officials.Hospitals and educational institutions also have welcomed the move. \"Although a majority of hospitals have CCTV cameras, we definitely want more hospitals to install the cameras for security,\" said K A Jayalal, general secretary of the Indian Medical Association.However, security experts have expressed apprehension over the effectiveness of the move as most often such cameras are not maintained after installation. \"Besides, most of these cameras store the footage for only 15 days, after which its memory is refreshed. Ideally the footage should be retrieved every 15 days and stored in an electronic storage device, but few do that,\" said a CCTV camera expert, who undertakes maintenance of cameras at Chennai Central railway station, which has 54 such cameras,The traffic police are also planning to set up CCTV cameras at 100 junctions. \"We have very few CCTV cameras at the moment, most of which are not working,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Karuna Sagar.CCTV dealers in the city are expected make a windfall when the order is implemented. While the most basic CCTV camera costs around 5,000, high-end ones can cost up to 75,000 based on the video quality, durability of recording and storage capacity. Installation charges can be between 400 and 500 a camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762558", "title": "Wife asked Tomar to stay home on fateful day", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 77 commendations to his credit, constable Subhash Chand Tomar earned the 78th - his last - on Tuesday when his boss saluted him at his cremation site.Tomar's wife had stopped him from joining duty on Sunday when his bike didn't start initially and then developed a puncture. Later in the day, Tomar was ordered to report to India Gate for law and order duties and he left without informing his family. Perhaps, Tomar had little idea that he would never return home as hours later, he was admitted to a hospital with injuries and a cardiac arrest.\"Had he listened to me in the morning, he would have been alive,\" said a teary eyed Amresh Devi (44), Tomar's wife. According to his family, Tomar had a brush with death in 1989 when there was a blast in a DTC bus he was travelling in. However, Tomar continued to serve the force after recovering from his injuries as he had to bring up his two sons and a daughter.Despite difficult circumstances, Tomar gave the best education to his three children and never faced any departmental inquiry or a bad patch to his credit. While one of his sons is pursuing a Bachelor's in Business Administration, the other is an aspiring architect. His daughter has finished her B Ed and wants to teach.Blaming the protesters for their father's death, Tomar's son Deepak alleges that the protesters had brutally beaten up his father. \"The public is responsible for this because they beat him up so badly. Can they return my father?\" he asked.Tomar's brother Yudhveer Singh echoed similar views and blamed the violent protesters for his death. His brother Devinder Singh said, \"His family has no other source of income now. He was so committed to his duty but he met a tragic end.\"Whether it be family, friends, neighbors or colleagues, no one around Tomar had any problems with him, he was ready to help all. And he valued his duty above everything. Today, the family is clueless as they lost the sole breadwinner and are dependent on the compensation shelled out by the agencies and a job to one of their family members.Additional commissioner of police VV Chaudhary described Tomar as an \"exceptionally sincere and hard working\" policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761696", "title": "Low-cost treatment ray of hope for kids with cancer", "text": "MUMBAI: Cancer treatment need not always be expensive. A new effort from Tata Memorial Hospital's paediatric department shows that low-cost treatment can help children afflicted even by the most worrisome of paediatric blood cancers called acute myeloid leukemia (AML).Dr Sripad Bhanavali, who heads the medical oncology department of Tata Memorial Hospital, said medicines helped cure 40% of AML cases, both in the West and in India. Bone marrow transplant is considered to be the best treatment option but is expensive at Rs 10 lakh. \"It is not an option for people from lower socio-economic sections.\"For the last five years, his department has been working out a low-dose maintenance therapy for kids with AML. Over 100 kids have been a part of this study and the survival rate has increased to 67%. \"Low-dose maintenance therapy is called metronomic therapy,\" said Dr Banavali, adding, \"the metronomic dose for the entire year would work out to Rs 4,000 because the drugs are old and well-known ones.\" The department will publish the study shortly.But on Christmas day, the biggest cheer for cancer-afflicted children came from HOPE 2012, the department's annual event. \"HOPE is our humble effort not only to help these children re-charge themselves, but also to give them a lifetime of beautiful memories which they can cherish,\" said Dr Banavali at the function held on Tuesday.Nearly 70% of the 2,000-odd paediatric patients treated at Tata Memorial Hospital annually get access to free treatment because of help from the hospital, government, charitable trusts, NGOs and donors. For the last couple of years, ImPaCCT Foundation set up by the hospital's volunteers and doctors has been helping families get funding without approaching multiple organizations.Doctors at the hospital also highlighted the need to prevent cancers. \"Prevention of cancer has to begin in childhood,\"Said paediatric oncology expert Brijesh Arora, \"If kids take up active lifestyle and adopt healthy food habits, around 40% of cancers can be prevented.\" Pointing out that nearly 50% children are exposed to second- and third-hand smoke, Dr Arora said, \"The risk of developing lung cancer becomes high because of such exposure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761277", "title": "Kaveri software set for overhaul: Yogish Bhat", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government is seriously mulling to upgrade the Karnataka Valuation and e-Registration (Kaveri) software used by the revenue department to enable faster and efficient delivery of services to people, said N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker.\"A series of meetings has been held with the principal secretary, revenue and other department officials to chalk out a road map to address the issue and give relief to people,\" he said.Inaugurating the Atalji Janasnehi Kendra at Surathkal near here on the occasion former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee's birthday on Tuesday, Bhat, who is also the chairman of the petitions committee, said the committee has looked into the issue (of upgrading the software) threadbare. \"We have had four rounds of meeting with senior officials of the revenue department and hope to find a concrete solution in the next one to one-and-half months,\" he said.Acknowledging the public criticism that the nemmadi kendras (single-window citizen service centres which has been relaunched as 'Atalji Janasnehi Kendras) did not live up to their billing, he said the Atalji Janasnehi Kendra's represents decentralization and simplification of services.\"The issue pertaining to providing Record of Rights, Tenancy and Crops (RTC) from the Atalji kendras will be sorted out in a month or two,\" he pointed out. On the issue of shortage of land surveyors that is affecting survey process of land across the state, Bhat said the state government is mulling to introduce survey as a subject for civil engineering diploma students to address the issue. \"Since the revenue department is considered as mother of all government departments, the committee has given due thought to how best the department can be reformed and a start has been made with nemmadi centres,\" he said.J Krishna Palemar, former minister and Mangalore city north MLA said the Atalji Janasnehi Kendra will cut down work load of tahsildars as 36 services offered by the revenue department will now be handled by deputy tahsildars at the hobli level. Deputy commissioner N Prakash administered the oath of national good governance to the gathering on this occasion. Mayor Gulzaar Banu, taluk panchayat president Harish K and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762256", "title": "Two hurt as police officer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s car collides with mini truck", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people were injured when their mini truck hit a car belonging to an additional director-general of police (ADGP) at Injambakkam on Monday.Police sources said the ADGP's family members in the car had a miraculous escape. They were on their way to a construction site when a speeding mini truck hit their car from behind.The car was pushed off the road in the impact of the accident, while the mini truck overturned with its occupants - Praveen, 20, and Modi Babu, 30, of Panaiyur, who sustained injuries.Passersby came to their rescue and admitted them to a private hospital. Though the occupants of the car escaped without injuries, the car was considerably damaged. The Adyar traffic investigation police registered a case and are investigating.Police could not confirm whether the senior officer was in the car at the time of the accident. Of late the ECR stretch has been witnessing a spate of accidents and it has become a death trap for motorists. Statistics reveal that 43 people were killed this year on ECR compared to 52 last year. Motorists often complain about the lack of speed breakers and traffic lights. Encroachments have eaten into the road space, they say. and jaywalking pedestrians add to their woes.Police say over-speeding is a major problem because speed breakers cannot be constructed as it is a national highway. Police say they have taken up the matter with the authorities to improve lighting along certain stretches.They said 'black spots' where fatal accidents have repeatedly taken place are marked to caution drivers to slow down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17766534", "title": "Excessive use of internet by kids may leave them 'brain-dead': Expert", "text": "LONDON: A 'Google generation' which relies on the internet for everything is in danger of becoming 'brain-dead', a leading UK inventor has warned.Trevor Baylis, who invented the wind-up radio, said children are losing creativity and practical skills because they spend too much time in front of screens.The 75-year-old from Twickenham, south-west London, said he fears that the next generation of inventors is being lost, with young people often unable to make anything with their hands, the 'Daily Mail' reported.He said children could rediscover vital skills if schools used practical toys like Meccano, a model construction system.\"Children have got to be taught hands-on, and not to become mobile phone or computer dependent,\" Baylis said.\"They should use computers as and when, but there are so many people playing with their computers nowadays that spend all their time sitting there with a stomach,\" he said.\"They are dependent on Google searches. A lot of kids will become fairly brain-dead if they become so dependent on the Internet, because they will not be able to do things the old-fashioned way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "shimla/panchkula", "code": "17761457", "title": "Himachal Cong MLA on the run, gives oath taking ceremony a miss", "text": "SHIMLA/PANCHKULA: The Congress MLA in Himachal Pradesh, Ram Kumar Chaudhary, who is wanted by Haryana police over the killing of a 24-year-old dalit girl, did not turn up at Tuesday's oath-taking ceremony in Shimla.Haryana and Himachal police departments had deputed cops in Shimla to arrest the MLA, but had to return empty-handed as Chaudhary stayed away from the ceremony.The MLA is on the run after his name cropped up in Jyoti murder case. Jyoti was found murdered on November 22 in Panchkula.A resident of Haripur Sandholi in Baddi tehsil of Solan district, Chaudhary is a first-time MLA from Doon constituency of the district. But he skipped the first meeting of the Congress legislature party held in Shimla last Saturday.Chaudhary is the third richest MLA of Himachal Pradesh with assets of Rs 36 crore, against whom two criminal cases are already pending. Panchkula police had issued an arrest warrant against him on December 21 and police have been conducting raids at different places, including his residence.On Monday, Chaudhary had approached a Panchkula court, requesting bail.Meanwhile, two more associates of Chaudhary -- Gurmeet Singh and Rajinder -- joined police investigations on Tuesday.Police have also obtained three different CDs, in which Jyoti can be seen attending Chaudhary's campaign in Doon constituency.A member of the police team told TOI, \"Jyoti had been in contact with prime suspect Chaudhary for the last over three years. Police have also come across over half-a-dozen money transactions involving lakhs of rupees in three different accounts of Jyoti.\"The probe officer, ACP Virender Singh, said that it has been established that Jyoti had campaigned in favor of the absconding MLA during the assembly elections in Himachal.Investigating officers also revealed that the MLA had taken two SIM cards on fake documents and in the names of fictitious persons. Investigations have also established that Chaudhary attended the marriage of Jyoti's elder sister, Ishu, in her native village in Hoshiarpur in September, 2009.Emissaries woo fatherBhutti Ram, father of deceased Jyoti, told TOI, \"Several persons from Panchkula and Chandigarh are approaching me for settling the case. Four persons, including a turbaned man, came to my house on Sunday late night and told me that they want to help me financially.\" The murder case was registered on the statement of Bhutti Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763108", "title": "Employment helpline for the disabled", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Ability People (TAP), a non-governmental organisation, has started an employment helpline -- Ability Employment -- with the intention of facilitating employment opportunities for persons with disabilities. People with physical disabilities aged between 18 to 35 years and with a minimum qualification of 10th class can register free with TAP through toll free helpline number 1800 425 8911. This initiative will cater to people with polio, spinal cord injuries, amputees and other loco motor disabilities.Ability Employment aims to reach different private and public sector units and understand the kind of jobs that can be taken up by persons with different disabilities. Initially, identification and mapping of disability will be initiated by a research team. TAP has requested both private and public sectors companies and other leading IT and ITeS companies in and around the city to offer jobs by calling the toll free helpline and registering vacancies for which the disabled an apply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761545", "title": "Maharashtra to set up 25 fast-track courts", "text": "MUMBAI: The spurt in incidents of rape and harassment has prompted chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to set up 25 fast-track courts for time-bound disposal of serious crime against women.\"There are 100 fast-track courts for speedy disposal of criminal cases in Maharashtra... we will approach the Bombay High Court for earmarking 25 of these courts exclusively for serious crimes against women. If dedicated courts are set up, it will certainly help reduce violence against women,'' home minister R R Patil told TOI.On Monday night, Chavan had a marathon meeting with Patil, additional chief secretary Amitabh Rajan, director-general of police Sanjeev Dayal and police commissioners of Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane to review pending cases and discuss measures for restoring confidence among the women. Patil will meet inspector-generals across the state on December 27 for effective implementation of decisions taken during the marathon meeting.\"We have taken note of the nationwide outrage after a girl was gangraped in New-Delhi . We will take all possible measures for the safety and dignity of women in the state... we have supported the Centre's proposal for death penalty for accused in cases of gangrape,'' Patil said.He admitted that even as there was a steady decline in crime against women, shockingly, there was a spurt in rapes and sexual harassment in the last two years. \"Despite our best efforts, there has been a steady increase. It's a matter of concern for all,'' Patil said.Patil said it has been proposed to set up special women's cells in each police station, special counseling centres across the state and increase the presence of women in the police force. \"At most police stations in the metropolis, we have special cells. If it's not there, it will be set up in a time-bound manner. Our effort is that the cell should be headed by a female sub-inspector. Under every deputy commissioner in the city and sub-divisional police officer in rural areas, there will be a special counselling centre for women in distress,'' he said.The minister said out of the 24,000 women in the state police force, 18,000 were recruited in the last four years, while in five years it has been proposed to recruit 20,000 women. \"Our effort will be to ensure that over 30% of the police force should be women,'' he said.He said that after a constable raped a college girl on Marine Drive a few years ago and following the Khairlanji incident, where four of a family were killed, the state government had set up a committed headed by Justice Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari, a former judge of the Bombay High Court, to make recommendations on measures to be taken for the security and safety of women. \"The committee made 98 recommendations on corrective measures to be taken by the government. We have accepted 67 in principle and the government is issuing orders for the purpose,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17761690", "title": "Eve teasing rampant in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: Eve-teasing is rampant across the length and breadth of the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad, but there are certain places women dread to go alone. Some of the beautiful and most visited places in Hubli are Nrupatunga Betta, Unkal Lake Garden and Indira Glass House Park and Sadhanakeri in Dharwad.Though many parks have home guards for security, many of them just sit in a place or not present in places where women face eve teasers, says Lakshmi S, a regular visitor to the Unkal Lake Park.Most of the parks where a large number of couples, women and college girls visit during weekends have no adequate safety and are often subjected to eve-teasing. Most of the time, it is single woman or a girl who faces such situations, according to Manjula Pattar who visits Nrupatunga hill regularly.There is no security for women in some of the places like backside of the KIMS hospital and many extensions, says Vrinda G. Sameer Shukla, deputy commissioner, Dharwad, says: ``We have already given a requisition for more home guards for parks. We already have sufficient home guards for the security and safety of the people in parks in twin cities.To keep a tab on home guards and their movements in the parks, I have instructed our officers to pay surprise visits during the day and evening to monitor the situation.''``We are making security arrangements for the safety of women in Nrupatunga Hill, Unkal Lake Park, Indira Glass house and Sadhankeri Park which come under the district administration in Hubli and Dharwad,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761294", "title": "Now, a movie on Naxal movement", "text": "MANGALORE: Director E Channagangappa's next movie is a love story in the backdrop of Naxal movement in Western Ghats.The film titled 'Apna Desh' highlights the origin and growth of the movement in the region and plight of Malekudiya tribal community who lives in the forests of Ghats. The films' shooting is progressing in Belthangady taluk in Dakshina Kannada, where several Naxal attacks and encounters had taken place. The film also suggests solutions to the Naxal menace.Channagangappa, who was a tahsildar of Belthangady taluk, has chosen the region as location to make the film look more realistic. A set has been set up in tribal settlements of Elaneeru and Navoor villages. The director said that the movie has nothing to do with Hindi film 'Apna Desh' (1972) of Rajesh Khanna.The protagonist (Raghu Mukherjee) hailing from an upper caste family falls in love with a tribal girl (Anjali Patel) belonging to Malekudiya family. The cast includes Mukyamantri Chandru, Avinash, Ashuthosh Rana, Ramesh Bhat and others Mangalorean Castelino Dias has scored the music. The title song is sung by SP Balasubramanyam. The movie is expected to release in April next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762216", "title": "Tiruvannamalai to get medical college, govt to add 185 seats in 2 institutes", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government plans to open a medical college in Tiruvannamalai with 150 seats and add 185 seats to the two oldest medical colleges in Chennai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Madras Medical College and Stanley Medical College \u00e2\u20ac\u201d this academic year.This will increase the number of government medical colleges in the state to 19 and the number of medical seats to 2,630. Officials said the construction of the medical college in Tiruvannamalai will be completed in February 2013 after which the Medical Council of India's permission to admit the first batch of students will be sought. MCI officials will also inspect MMC and SMC where 85 and 100 additional seats respectively are being sought.In 2012, the state medical university had 31 affiliated medical colleges under its ambit. It includes 13 self-financing colleges and 10 deemed universities. State health minister V S Vijay said they were looking to increase the number of medical colleges and seats not only to give more students a chance to become doctors but also to make quality healthcare accessible to the poor.Tamil Nadu is one of the states with a high number of medical colleges in the country, yet every year there is tough competition for admission. The cut-off for medicine is as high is 92% for reserved category students and 99% for open category students. For colleges affiliated to the state university admissions are through single window counselling following merit and rule of reservation.The advantage of having more number of medical colleges is one of the ways of decreasing capitation fee, according to MMC dean Dr V Kanagasabai. Not that the state does not have medical colleges demanding capitation fee, but many deserving students do get into medical colleges without money. \"Many students who step into these medical colleges are those who have more than 90% marks. This includes those in the reserved categories as well,\" he said.Nevertheless, seeking permission to open new medical colleges or extending existing facilities could be a challenge for the medical education department as the government is finding it difficult to get quality teaching staff particularly in subjects like forensic medicine, anatomy and community medicine. \"Many colleges, including the government ones, don't have qualified teaching staff in non-clinical subjects,\" said a senior directorate of medical education official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17766375", "title": "Akali Dal disowns youth leaders accused of assault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab's ruling Shiromani Akali Dal has disowned their three youth leaders accused of assaulting a senior police officer and his NRI friend at a nightclub in Ludhiana.Assistant inspector general (AIG) SS Mand was assaulted at the nightclub in Ludhiana, 110 km from here on Monday and was admitted to a hospital with serious injuries in his leg.Akali Dal spokesman Daljeet Singh Cheema said Maninder Pal Singh, alias Sunny Goodwill Johar, accused of attacking the police officer in Ludhiana and his NRI friend were not office bearers or members of the Youth Akali Dal.Cheema said that the Youth Akali Dal had expelled Johar, who was a senior vice-president, Rishi Banda, vice president (both from Ludhiana) and Jaskirat Singh, vice-president from Amritsar for \"anti-party activities\" on May 29.Youth Akali Dal disciplinary committee chairman Param Bans Singh Romana said that all the three had been expelled for anti-party activities during the Ludhiana municipal corporation polls.The Congress had claimed that the assaulters were Akali Dal leaders who are close associates of Punjab's revenue minister and Youth Akali Dal president Bikram Singh Majithia, a brother-in-law of Punjab's deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal .The Akali Dal even termed the attack on Mand \"as a deep rooted conspiracy of the Congress party in the state whose aim is only to tarnish the image of Punjab\".Akali Dal treasurer NK Sharma said that the Congress tactic was \"to distract the attention of the public from total breakdown of law and order situation in the national capital New Delhi where Congress chief minister ( Sheila Dikshit ) and union home minister ( Sushilkumar Shinde ) were blaming each other (in the Delhi rape case incident)\".Sharma said that the incident at Ludhiana had been carried out by the expelled leaders of the (SAD) party \"who have been paid by the Congress to do so\".Punjab Congress president and former chief minister Amarinder Singh warned the Akali Dal leadership from demoralising the police force with such actions. He urged Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal to rein-in Majithia so that Punjab was not led into anarchy.Senior police officer HS Dhillon said a case of attempt to murder and under the arms act has been registered against Sunny Johar and others after the attack on Mand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17763401", "title": "Youth dies of cold in Jetpur", "text": "RAJKOT: Prevailing cold weather conditions claimed the life of a 25-year-old man in Jetpur town of Rajkot district. Sources said Ajay Boghra, a resident of Champrajpur village, was found dead near a paan shop in Bokhla Darwaja area of the town on Tuesday morning.The shop owner discovered his body and informed the police. Sources said Boghra was a drifter who had returned to his native village for the last three days. It is assumed that he was hungry and cold. His father Amku Boghra earns his living by plying a chhakdo.Saurashtra and Kutch have been experiencing cold weather over the last couple of days. India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials said that on Monday night temperature was below normal in the region. A low of nine degrees celsius was recorded at Naliya, the coldest place in Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17761850", "title": "Kuvempu's works catch the fancy of young and the old", "text": "MYSORE: The patronage that the programmes relating to Rashtra Kavi Kuvempu have been receiving since Saturday stands testimony to the relevance of the poet laureate's works to this day. Rangakahale at Rangayana has been hosting a slew of programmes in memory of the poet - play, short film and film festival 2012-2013.According to Mysoreans, his receiving good patronage -- even after 18 years of his death - from fans of diverse backgrounds is because of his diverse literature. According to arts lovers here, he is a master wordsmith. He wrote the facts in simple language and conveyed the same in easy-to-understand manner in early 19th century.Explaining Kuvempu's works, retired bank employee Shreekanta Gundappa said: \"I came to watch a play written by Kuvempu mainly because of its facts and figures. Kuvempu never dreamed and wrote anything as literature. He wrote about issues pertaining to human lives. Through literature, he made us understand his views,\" he said.According to PU student Rashmi, Kuvempu's works are embedded with morals, \"and he created characters thinking about the real world. There is nothing imaginary. All characters reflect the present status of the man. His simple language effectively conveys the message,\" she added.On what makes him watch Kuvempu's plays, 96-year-old artiste Jaware Gowda said: \"Each of his subjects is realistic, and directly connects with the present world. All the subjects are clearly explained. His works have strong messages to all generations. There is no age limit to watch events related to his works.\"Speaking on the response to the programmes, Rangakahale convener C Laxmana said every day, theatres staging plays and screening short films are overcrowded. \"This is because of the literary works of Kuvempu and the message that they convey,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761713", "title": "4 AP officials promoted to IAS cadre", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Union ministry of personnel and training has received the President's assent to appoint four officers belonging to the non-state civil service to the AP cadre of IAS against the existing vacancies.The four officers are K Dhanunjaya Reddy, presently additional commissioner of GHMC, Akunuri Murali, chief engineer of the roads and buildings department, Dr M V Reddy, director of the animal husbandry wing and P Basanth Kumar, officer on special duty (OSD) to governor ESL Narasimhan.The names of the four officers were selected from the list prepared for the year 2010 but could be sent only in 2011 due to legal wrangles. With the gazette notification, the four officers would be inducted in the 2010 batch of IAS.However, the gazette notification came with a rider stating that these appointments are subject to the outcome of SLP No 37519/2012 filed by S M Rajeshwar Rao, which is pending before the Supreme Court. Hectic lobbying delayed the appointments with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and ministers Botsa Satyanarayana, Vatti Vasanth Kumar, Dharmana Prasada Rao and N Raghuveera Reddy proposing one name each in the list finalised by the general administration department (GAD) last November.The GAD had finalised 20 names from the non-revenue category and sent them to the UPSC to select four names out of it. While Kiran Kumar Reddy recommended the names of his officers on special duty in CMO J Murali and Surender Reddy, Botsa Satyanarayana suggested the name of his close relative Krishna Murthy, roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao recommended his OSD Dr D Vijaya Bhaskar and revenue minister Raghuveera Reddy batted for his OSD NVSS Srinivas. Tourism minister Vatti Vasanth Kumar recommended the name of his private secretary Dr R Amarender Kumar.However, all these recommendations fell flat before the UPSC hearing, which went on purely on the basis of merit. Four names were recommended which in turn got the approval of the President on December 21, said sources in the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767769", "title": "Rahul dances for Dimpy", "text": "What all can you do for the one you love? We bring to you one couple who does everything for each other.The much talked about Jodi of Star Plus' Nach Baliye-5 Rahul and Dimpy Mahajan is one couple that can always bring a smile to anyone's face. During the shoot of the first episode Rahul was asked what made him come and take part in the celebrity dance reality show to which Rahul confessed that he can't dance at all but he has come on the show only for his wife Dimpy who loves dancing. The couple has been married for three years are very excited to be on the show and are looking forward to experiment on different dancing forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762436", "title": "Minor's gritty fight finally led to rapists being imprisoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixteen-year-old ragpicker Neeta (name changed) was gang raped by four men in the basement of a building under construction in the upscale Green Park area in 2007. A case was registered and the media detailed the horrific crime, serving as a reminder of how unsafe the capital was for women.Refusing to be cowed, Neeta fought the legal battle to the bitter end. The accused was put behind bars but closure was a far cry. The authorities offered her no rehabilitation and Delhi Police handed out a measly Rs 10,000 as relief from a special fund. When TOI tracked her case to a voluntary organization called Childhood Enhancement Through Training &amp; Action (CHETNA) which stood by her throughout the trial, it turned out that the victim was married off by her family to escape the stigma of the incident. The court proceedings continued for almost a year. CHETNA's director Sanjay Gupta informs that initially the authorities had nothing to offer in terms of rehabilitation and when the token assistance of Rs 10,000 did come from Delhi Police, banks refused to open her account for want of identity proof. \"After much persuasion, an account was opened in her name and the money was put in a fixed deposit,\" he added. \"The paltry sum indicates how ill-conceived the rehabilitation measures are for such victims. But even this small sum of Rs 10,000 is critical for Neeta. She regularly inquires about it and asks us to keep it safely. She seems to view it as a support as it's her only saving,\" Gupta said. In 2007 like other media organizations TOI, too, had reported Neeta's case on June 15. Sonia Maurya, her counsellor back then from the voluntary organization, remembers Neeta as a strong and resilient girl who came every morning to the Gautam Nagar area from Badarpur to collect saleable waste. \"At that time, Neeta use to come with other street children to a centre run by CHETNA in Gautam Nagar to study and for recreation. I was shocked when she came one morning to the centre carrying her blood-stained clothes and narrated her ordeal stoically. She was determined to get justice,\" says Sonia.This was just the beginning of a social and legal battle for the victim, her family and NGO workers. \"First, the girl's family opposed the filing of a case. They threatened the NGO and had to be counselled to support the victim. Then there was the accused who first tried to buy off the victim. When he did not succeed he resorted to threats and mudslinging. But Neeta did not flinch. \"Regular attendance at the court hearing and corroborative evidence made her case strong. Finally, justice was done and the accused sent to jail,\" added Sonia.That there are many more Nirbhayas and Neetas who face different forms of harassment, rape being the most brutal, on a daily basis, was revealed at Saturday's ragpickers' meeting at the Lajpat Nagar market. Girls as young as 10 years old said what they feared most was harassment, at times by middle-aged men, on the streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17762890", "title": "Ethnic touch to Meghalaya celebrations", "text": "SHILLONG: Christmas, one of the biggest festivals in the predominantly tribal state, was celebrated with religious fervour among the various indigenous communities here in their own unique ethnic style.\"Though essentially it is the same, there are some differences in the way Christmas is observed by different ethnic groups, marked by individual indigenous culture, heritage, cuisine and flavour,\" says a priest.\"For example, in the Garo Hills, hymns are sung and prayers offered in the local language with the faithful, especially the women sporting their ethnic outfits. The same is true for other tribal communities including Khasi, Jaintia and other smaller tribal groups in the state,\" he said.Midnight vigil masses were held at all the beautifully decorated churches in the state to herald the birth of Jesus Christ.State capital Shillong was lit up as government and private buildings were adorned with lights on the occasion of Christmas and the impending New Year celebrations.People from various communities and those from different religions thronged the several churches in the city on the eve of Christmas, which was also marked by Santa Claus leading carol processions through the city thoroughfares.\"We visit the churches every year in Christmas. The children are delighted to see the decorations, lights, Christmas trees and stars,\" says Sarita Chettri, a grandmother visiting the Mary Help of Christians Cathedral in the city.Jesus Christ is also worshipped in keeping with traditional Hindu rituals at the Ramakrishna Mission on Christmas eve every year with monks offering flowers and sweets to the 'Saviour of mankind' amidst Vedic chants.Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary and chief minister Mukul Sangma have greeted the people of the state on occasion of Christmas even as they stressed on strengthening peace and brotherhood among all sections on the auspicious occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763711", "title": "Senior citizens cry hoarse as city parks turn PDA hotspots", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Senior citizens in the capital are quite upset with the way parks are being \"misused\" by youngsters for romancing their partners. They complained that youngsters can be seen kissing and hugging their partners and sometimes even going beyond. Indira Gandhi Park, Ekamra Kanan, Biju Patnaik Park, Nicco Park, Science Park and Buddha Park are some of the favourite hangouts for twosomes.While children keep themselves busy in the play area on slides, swings and sea-saws, senior citizen, who either take a walk or look around for benches to relax, have the most difficult time adjusting to this \"romantic ambience\" and PDA (public display of affection). Kalpana Satpathy, a middle-aged housewife, said, \"We are scared to bring our children here. They are too young to see such indecencies. We have expressed our dissatisfaction with the local guards, but they have expressed their helplessness.\"Dipak Das, a retired government servant, felt, \"The couples that we get to see at the Biju Patnaik Park and Ekamra Kanan, are mostly students and they are not affected by their surroundings. They just want to have a good time. They are not concerned about their family reputation.\"Madhulika Patnaik, an engineering student, argued, \"I am mature enough to understand what is good and what is bad for me. If I sit in a park with a male friend or even my fiance, am I doing anything wrong? No girl I am sure would do anything indecent in a public place.\"Lina Das and Hemant Pradhan, two other students, said, \"Whoever is complaining should first try to check prostitution and corruption in society. They are bigger offences. Why are innocent young lovers being targeted? I am sure a couple knows what is decent and what is indecent.\"Women's activist, Rituparna Mohanty, said, \"There were several complaints in the past to check this nuisance. A former chairperson of the state commission for women even chased the offending couples away with a cane in hand. But somehow, we have not been able to check it.\"Former DG, S N Tewari, and BMC mayor, Anant Narayan Jena, said, \"This is happening because of our exposure to western culture. Besides, rapid urbanization has also affected us. Today's generation is very expressive. We can't stop a young couple from sitting in a park. But yes, there has to be a limit in their conduct, otherwise, they can be booked.\"A senior police official added, \"We can only act when there is a complaint. In the past, we have reprimanded and even punished couples.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765810", "title": "A gala New Year", "text": "Those looking to feast on grandness this New Year can head out to Kava in Sector 26. Brimming with party spirit, the place is rolling out a red carpet to make their guests usher in the New Year in a big way with a special, lavish menu and a grand party .Food for the occasion : The lavishness of the menu can be gauged from the fact that a special team has been working since long to execute the food part. There will be 15 maincourse dishes along with 12 desserts, 10 salads and eight starters. \"The dishes are made traditionally and as per the set standards,\" said Akash Garg, director of Kava. While this special menu, which will have roasted duck in cranberry sauce, live turkey, Kahima Paheng, will be dished out on December 31st afternoon till January 1st night, there's more adding excitement to the occasion.DJ duo, double the fun : Food is one ingredient that makes Kava unique, besides their high-end designer bashes, which kicked up quite a storm in the party circles. \"On 31st night we will host DJs Sweet and Appurv upping the tempo,\" added Garg. While VVIP area and other enclosures are all set to welcome guests, team of designers is working overtime to do up the venue. \"We are decorating it differently so that it depicts the real mood of new year,\" he said. And what's more, there will be on the house snacks, maincourse on the particular night along with free flowing international booze.New Year 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17756981", "title": "It's time to clean up Indian sports: Bhupathi", "text": "Mahesh Bhupathi has had his run-ins with the authorities, and has also been keeping tabs on what's happening sports-wise in the country.And even though he plans to spend the New Year with wife Lara Dutta and his 10-month-old daughter, his mind is never off sports, he says. And so, sports is what we talk about...It's not just this game or that, Indian sports as such is at its lowest ever these days - athletics, tennis, boxing, badminton - there are controversies everywhere.Yes, but if you ask me why it is happening, I don't know. Or perhaps, it's very obvious for everyone to see. But one thing is for sure - it's time to clean up. We've been postponing it for a long time, and this could be a blessing in disguise. Our new sports minister, from what I hear, is getting proactive about it and this is an opportunity. People have complained for years and years about politics in sports and maybe now, it is the time to make a change.It is not the sportspersons so much as the federations, the associations, and the committees...Yes, where there is undue politics, there are controversies.Everyone keeps saying the Olympics ban will not affect the players, but psyche-wise, how true is that? Does it make no difference at all?Truthfully, it doesn't affect us, because most of the Olympic sports, like tennis, are individual games. But having said that, at the end of the day, the ban is shameful for the entire country. No player would like this ban. We would like this to be sorted out as soon as possible.And if it is not sorted?I don't know what will happen then. I believe we cannot play for the Indian national flag which is our worst nightmare. But I'm sure they'll sort it out.But sorted or not, we don't seem to be making any sportsperson with great calibre for making legendary records anymore; not in a single sport in the country do we have a second rung to bank on...This point is debatable. Yes, there is talent - if you take cricket, for instance, Virat Kohli has come up as a world class player. But I am no one to judge other sports or tell who's good or who's bad. But look at Saina Nehwal - a world class player again. So, we just have to focus - we've had one of the best ever Olympics haul by bringing home six medals - so, I don't think Indian sports is in a bad place.Mohinder Amarnath just spoke his mind about the goings on in the Indian cricket team, the selectors and all...I prefer not to comment on all these controversies... I am not even involved in it.No, you're not, but not so long ago, you also voiced your opinion on the tennis federation, and we have other players also speaking about their governing bodies.Yes, but it's to be taken on a case-to-case basis. What I did was what I had to do, I am sure Mohinder Amarnath did what he thought he should do because at the end of the day, all such issues have to be sorted out if we have to concentrate on the game and move on.Lastly, in tennis, if you look at the upcoming talent, who according to you will be talked about in 2013?Yuki Bhambri is one of the youngest talents we have and I'm sure he is going to break through next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17767314", "title": "Oscar-nominated composer Richard Rodney Bennett dies", "text": "LONDON: Oscar-nominated composer Richard Rodney Bennett died at the age of 76. Bennett, who was a Brit, passed away peacefully on Christmas Eve in his adopted home city of New York , reported The Guardian.Born in Kent on March 29, 1936, Bennett was a composer of classical and jazz works in addition to film scores, and regularly performed as a jazz pianist.His score for Sidney Lumet's Murder on the Orient Express won a Bafta in 1974, and was also nominated for an Academy Award.Bennett's scores for Far From the Madding Crowd and Nicholas and Alexandra also received Oscar nominations, and his other compositions for film include Enchanted April and Four Weddings and a Funeral.His TV work ranges from early Doctor Who serial The Aztecs to Jonathan Rhys Meyers and Christopher Lee's 2000 miniseries Gormenghast.Bennett was honoured with a CBE in 1977, and received a knighthood in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17762724", "title": "Firm wins candy battle in HC, 'lactic acid safe'", "text": "Mumbai: The Bombay high court on Wednesday passed a verdict in favour of Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd for the usage of lactic acid in its product Kaccha Mango Bite candy. The high court has directed the Food and Drugs Association (FDA) to return 39 batches of the product as well as lactic acid to the company.In October, the FDA conducted a raid on Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd's factories in Nashik and Raigad districts. FDA officials seized candies worth Rs 2.36 crore. Branding the candy \"unsafe\", owing to the presence of \"excessive lactic acid\", the FDA had asked the company to recall its stock of Kaccha Mango Bite from all over Maharashtra.The first complaint against the candy was lodged in Nanded in September. The complainant alleged that lactic acid beyond permissible levels was being used in the candy. Subsequently, the FDA conducted the raids, the seized samples of the candies were sent for lab testing.Following the incident, Parle approached the Bombay high court to support its claim that lactic acid is safe for consumption and can be used in Kaccha Mango Bite candy. The company also said that lactic acid is widely used in several food items consumed daily like curd, infant milk-based formulations, bread, paneer, processed cheese, milk powder, cream powder, tomato ketchup, squashes, garlic paste, onion paste, ginger paste, etc.On Wednesday, a division bench, comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice R Y Ganoo, declared the candies to be safe based on the construction of the provisions of The Food Safety &amp; Standards Act (FSSA), 2006. The verdict establishes that lactic acid is absolutely safe to use/ consume in hard boiled candies. According to the court order, though lactic acid is not listed under food additives in the FSSA, it is listed as sequestering and buffering agent, which, according to the Act, is allowed in \"hard-boiled confectionery\".A Parle spokesperson said, \"Our products go through stringent quality norms, be it the ingredients, processes or packaging material.\" TOI tried to contact FDA officials, but while a few were unable for comment, some were unaware about the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "changa (anand)", "code": "17763296", "title": "PARAM-maker seeks tie-ups with universities in state", "text": "CHANGA (ANAND): He works with teraflops and petaflops but when Vijay Bhatkar, considered to be father of India's supercomputer programme PARAM, talked to students on Monday at CHARUSAT University, his message was clear - to make India a superpower, we have to work collectively.Bhatkar, currently chancellor of India International Multiversity and chairman of ETH Research Lab, was in Changa to deliver a lecture on computer science to the university students. He remembered his days in Gujarat as a student at the MS University of Baroda. He spoke about how computing power can bring about social change and help India become a superpower.Talking about the future of supercomputers in India, he said that he had presented a proposal to the scientific advisory committee in the cabinet. \"After our successful attempts at developing supercomputing capacity, the next task is to develop peta-scale(10*15 floating point operation per second) to exascale (10*15) computing . We are currently building a peta-scale computer and by 2020 we will have an exa-scale computer. The central government has proposed to commit Rs 5,000 crore for development of a supercomputer in the 12{+t}{+h} five year plan,\" he said.\"Today, the forecast of weather is general and regional as we cannot predict local weather. In years to come, it will be possible to predict a village's weather accurately by use of a supercomputer. Right from farming to launching satellites in space, computer power is essential. What were yesterday's supercomputers have become today's desktops, laptops and smart phones. It has changed the world we knew,\" he said.Bhatkar also gave information on Garuda, the grid of supercomputer in India. He said that soon after the grid computing started in the country, the idea to connect the supercomputers in a grid was floated so that its power could be given to institutes and researchers. \"The soon-to-be completed grid, known as National Knowledge Network (NKN) will be immensely helpful in various facets of research and development,\" he said.As a parting note, he expressed interest in collaborating with universities in the state to boost applied sciences in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17760992", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar moved to tears by adulation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar said on Tuesday the love and adulation pouring in from fans since he announced his ODI retirement had moved him to tears.Tendulkar tweeted, \"Words are not enough to express my thanks to each of you for all the love and support I have received over the years... and especially now in the last couple of days. Your expressions have brought joy to my heart... and at times a tear to my eye!\" Tendulkar wrote. \"Those magical moments of our ODI journey will stay with me for the rest of my life. Thank you so much :-).\"As of now, Tendulkar says he will continue to play Test cricket, in which he has amassed 15,645 runs in 194 matches, including 51 hundreds.Having decided to skip the high-profile series against Pakistan, Tendulkar is now holidaying in Mussoorie with his family.Hanif Muhammad wants to meet 'best ever' Sachin TendulkarKARACHI: Pakistan batting great Hanif Muhammad on Tuesday rated Sachin Tendulkar better than legendary Australian Sir Donald Bradman and described him as the best batsman he has seen. \"I am one of those fortunate people who has seen Bradman and Tendulkar bat, and in my opinion Tendulkar is the best batsman I have seen in my life,\" Hanif said.Hanif, who had, like Tendulkar, earned the sobriquet of 'little master' for his batting feats in the 50s and 60s, said he had not seen a better player than the Indian ace. \"I am very sad to hear that Tendulkar has decided to retire from One-day cricket. I hope he continues to play Test matches. Because to my mind he could have played on even in ODIs for another two years,\" Hanif said.\"For me, he still remains the best player in the world. I have never seen a more complete player than Tendulkar and I have always been a great admirer of his batting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17761933", "title": "Yet another fire mishap in Sivakasi, woman dead", "text": "SIVAKASI: Within a few months since the Sivakasi inferno claimed as many as 40 lives in the fire accident in a fireworks unit at Mudalipatti near Sivakasi, a major loss of life was averted in a fire accident which took place in a match industry in Tirunelveli district on Tuesday.An elderly woman succumbed to burn injuries whereas two more women sustained grievous burn injuries in the fire accident. The deceased was identified as A Rajammal, 65, of Kulakathakuruchi near Sankarankovil in Tirunelveli district and the injured were Pechiammal, 40, wife of Marichamy and her daughter Kavitha of the same village. The injured were taken to Kovilpatti government hospital for treatment.The accident took place in 'Vinayaga Industry', a match manufacturing unit at around 6.30 am. The industry belongs to Balasubramanian of the same village, said a police source.Police sources say the cause of the incident was due to spark on account of a friction. Rajammal, Pechiammal and Kavitha would reach the industry as early as 6 am before other employees and would clear the floor to facilitate work. When Rajammal dragged a nylon bag containing dried match sticks, sparks of fire ignited from it, added the police source.Major loss to life was averted since the incident took place in the morning before the employees reached there. As many as 60 labourers from Kulakathakuruchi and its adjoining villages are working in the factory. They would reach the unit at around 8 am. Had the fire accident taken place a few hours later, it would have created major damages to lives in the industry, said the police source.Fire tenders from Kalugumalai, Sankarankovil and Kovilpatti reached the spot and put off the fire. One of the rooms in the industry was completely gutted in the incident. Based on a complaint from Anandaramakrishnan, village administrative officer of Kulakathakuruchi, Kuruvikulam police arrested Balasubramanian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17765564", "title": "Eight Indians among world's best performing CEOs", "text": "WASHINGTON: Eight Indian CEOs have made it to Harvard Business Review's (HBR) list of 100 best performing global chief executives headed for the last 17 years by the late Steve Jobs of Apple.ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar, ranked seventh overall (Rank 7), was first among the Indian CEOs. Under his leadership, ITC saw its value increase by $45 billion.He was followed by former ONGC's late chairman and managing director Subir Raha (Rank 13). During Raha's May 2001-2006 tenure, ONGC's market capitalisation increased more than 10 times.Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani (Rank 28), was ranked third among Indians. Under his leadership, Reliance Industries has grown to become India's second-largest Indian company by turnover.Larsen &amp; Toubro chairman and managing Director A M Naik (Rank 32), came next. Under Naik's leadership, the company has expanded its horizons beyond domestic frontiers, positioning itself to become a true international player.Former Bharat Heavy Electricals CMD A K Puri (Rank 38) is ranked fifth among the Indians. He is followed by Bharti Airtel chairman, Sunil Bharti Mittal (Rank 65).Jindal Steel &amp; Power CEO Naveen Jindal (Rank 87) is ranked seventh among Indians. He is followed by Former SAIL chairman, V S Jain (Rank 89).On an average, these CEOs have delivered a total shareholder return of 1,385 per cent during their tenures and increased their firms' market value by $40.2 billion (adjusted for inflation, dividends, share repurchases, and share issues).Jobs of Apple, who has been the best-performing CEO over the past 17 years was number 1 on HBR 2010 list as well. From 1997 to 2011, Apple's market value increased by $359 billion, and its shareholder return experienced average compound annual growth of 35 percent.Jeff Bezos of Amazon.com has now climbed to the number 2 spot, up from number 7 in HBR 2010 list. Under his leadership, the company delivered industry-adjusted shareholder returns of 12,266 percent and saw its value increase by $111 billion.The highest-ranked woman on the list is Meg Whitman, currently the CEO of beleaguered HP, whose performance as the CEO of eBay from 1998 to 2008 earned her the number 9 spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761140", "title": "More transfer stations for solid waste management", "text": "INDORE: The civic body is trying to identify place for more transfer stations for proper municipal solid waste management under JNNURM project. While the city needs to have four transfer stations, presently, only one transfer station is in operation, said health in-charge of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) Munnalal Yadav.He further said some of the vehicles bought under JNNURM for transfer of garbage are not working, but civic body and A2Z Company-that have got the contract for collection and transfer of garbage-has bought several compactor vehicles which directly empty garbage bins and help in keeping the area clean.Congress corporator Chhote Yadav, however, alleged that the civic body is favouring A2Z Company, and also vehicles bought for the scheme are not operational. \"The company is yet to come up with its workshop for repairing for vehicles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761565", "title": "Amend response levels within govt, HRW told PM", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months ago, 90 organizations under the aegis of the Human Rights Watch (HRW) wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to underline the \"woefully poor treatment meted out by state authorities\" to victims of violent crimes.Today, as the Delhi gangrape victim lies critical in Safdarjung hospital, suggestions made in the letter ring true. Padma Deosthali of Cehat, which was one of the signatories, said, \"The need of the hour is a sweeping change in response levels within the government machinery.'' Deosthali said a better response would not only help survivors but even ensure better conviction rates of criminals.The May 28, 2012 letter said the government should involve various ministries instead of one department looking at the victim's plight. \"We need an inter-ministerial committee looking into the issue,\" said Aruna Kashyap from the HRW.Experts who signed the letter said there was a need to address grey zones. \"The response to crime committed by police or armed personnel should be reworked,\" she said. The main reason for writing to the PM was the need to underline that any change in the system needs to come from the Centre. \"Social workers are often told that key decisions are taken at the state level and not by the Centre. But the Centre can ensure changes in response to crime against women,\" said a social worker.Deosthali said the police, health and the judicial systems needed to change their attitudes to sexual assault. \"A gender-sensitive response must be evolved and any violation of that by a public officer must be viewed strictly. Issues such as delays in filing FIR, asking for a police complaint when the victim reports to hospital, absence of injuries being equated to a false complaint, ignorance around the forensic and medical evidence, need to be looked into,\" she said.Blueprint For Change* Monitor progress of registering FIRs and hold accountable police officers who do not promptly register FIRs, investigate crimes or file charge-sheets* Constitute high-level taskforce. Members should be drawn from ministries of home, health, finance , women and child development, law &amp; justice, road transport and highways, department of information technology, as well as various health experts* Integrate response to crime against women within programs such as the National Rural Health Mission, the proposed Urban Rural Health Mission and such others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17767495", "title": "Suspected ISI man produced before advisory board", "text": "CHENNAI: ISI suspect Thameem Ansari, arrested in September by 'Q' branch sleuths on spying charges, was on Wednesday produced before an advisory board based on his plea against his detention under the National Security Act (NSA).Counsel for Ansari, now detained at Puzhal prison, had recently approached the advisory board, whose offices are located at Singaravelar Maaligai on Rajaji Salai in Chennai, claiming that his client was innocent and that his detention under the NSA , \"was baseless\".Ansari, of Athiramapatinam near Thanjavur, was arrested in September at the Trichy bus terminus while trying to flee to Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767653", "title": "Karishma Kotak leaves the Bigg Boss house!", "text": "Another mid week evictions in the Bigg Boss house is set to leave all the housemates in a surprise. Karishma Kotak - the international model, will be seen leaving the house through a magical trick.Leaving the show mid way due to her father's demise, Karishma got another chance of entering the house, and to her delight, the housemates were more than happy to welcome her back with arms open. Sadly, after her re-entry, her once-the-best-friend Sana , planned to swing it other way and the two parted ways because Vishal Karwal.Her chemistry with her ex-boyfriend - Niketan Madhok, was known by all too. Niketan showed his possessiveness for her all the while, whereas she continued to take his advice but ensure she maintained her relationship with other contestants too.The wild card entrant - Santosh Shukla tried his luck too by proposing her for marriage, which clearly made her the most wanted woman in the house. Being the most polite contestant in the house, Karishma never picked a fight with anyone in the house and ensured that she attracted all with her impeccable charm. With her sudden exit, the housemates are sure to be shocked, but with the competition getting neck-to-neck, a few happy faces are sure to be spotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762349", "title": "Respiratory blues now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Saturday's fog, there have been many cases of upper respiratory infections, especially among kids, pouring in city hospitals. As winter advances, there'll be intense fog. \"We are daily seeing 10-15 children in my clinic with respiratory problems like asthma , bronchitis and even severe ear pain. Due to fog pathogens which result in causing respiratory diseases find suitable breeding conditions,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761683", "title": "Andhra Pradesh all set to launch pentavalent vaccine soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has sought permission from the Centre to launch pentavalent vaccine which provides protection against five life-threatening diseases in a move welcomed by Unicef, which provides technical support to India in its immunization programme.Following the footsteps of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Haryana, the state health department has now approached the government suggesting launching of pentavalent vaccine as soon as possible.If the government has its say, pentavalent vaccine will replace the existing trivalent Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus (DPT) vaccine. The vaccine provides protection against Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus, Hepatitis B and Hib (Haemophilus influenza type b). Hib, according to doctors, causes childhood pneumonia and meningitis.Apart from DPT, the pentavalent formulation includes Hepatitis B and Heamophilus influenza type-B vaccines all rolled into one. At present, DPT and Hepatitis B vaccines are being given separately in the existing programme.It was in December 2011 that pentavalent vaccine, which is said to guarantees immunity against five deadly childhood diseases through a single shot, was rolled out in Tamil Nadu and Kerala and Haryana launched it last week.Dr T Neerada, joint director, immunization, state health department, said, \"We are keen on introducing the vaccine in the state. We have sent the proposal and awaiting reply from GoI.\"In Andhra Pradesh, about 14 lakh children below the age of one-year are immunized annually in the state. \"It is a very good move and all states should introduce the pentavalent vaccine as it provides protection against so many diseases,\" said Satish Gupta, health specialist (Immunisation) at Unicef.Unicef provides the government of India technical support on the programme by training staff and also laying down guidelines and roadmap. Dr S S Jadav, member, Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation (GAVI) said with the introduction of pentavalent vaccine, only three injection pricks will have to be given instead of six. While AP's immunization programme is fairly decent compared to other north Indian states, experts said that some challenges exist as in the peripheries, vaccines are administered on specific days and not everyday. Also reaching out to the migratory population is a huge issue, some said.\"We face stiff opposition from migratory population when we advice them to vaccinate their children. They make lame excuses and abandon the programme. For left-outs, we have taken up an intensive routine immunisation programme in the next four months,\" said Dr P Vikram Kumar, district immunisation officer, Hyderabad.Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Goa, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Pondicherry are the other states which recently got a nod for introduction of pentavalent vaccine in the universal immunisation programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761714", "title": "Home ministry announces Rs 10 lakh for Tomar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry on Tuesday announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 10 lakh to the family of constable Subhash Chand Tomar, who succumbed to his injuries. He was hurt during violent protests at India Gate on Sunday against the gang rape.Tomar was cremated at Nigambodh Ghat with police honours in the presence of civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , home secretary R K Singh as well as officers and men of Delhi Police.Tomar was posted in Karawal Nagar area and was called for maintaining law and order at India Gate area during the protests on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761700", "title": "TRS, BJP name representatives for all-party meeting", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when pro-Telangana parties TRS and BJP and anti-division CPM declared the names of their two representatives for the all-party meeting on the separate state demand slated to be held in Delhi on December 28, the Congress is still unable to finalise the names of its two-member team.The worry of the leadership is that the party is divided into two militant camps, fiercely for and against Telangana. The delay is because the party is searching for moderate voices on both sides of the divide. If it is not able to do so, the possibility of PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana leading the team is not ruled out.Plagued with internal turmoil, the Congress is wary of announcing the two names as the demand for a third name from Rayalaseema is also being made. Last time around, the party had announced two names, MLA N Uttam Kumar Reddy (Telangana) and MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao (Andhra) much in advance as there was no demand for a third member. Similarly, the party is struggling to find an alibi to avoid revealing its stand which would aggravate the party position in the state.The talk in the Congress is that the two members would simply tell home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde that they would abide by the final decision of the UPA government on the division of the state. This way, it could pacify the leaders from all the regions. As a result, the Congress is likely to announce the two names only at the last minute, the party sources said.\"There is no urgency. The Congress will announce the names on December 27, a day before the meeting,\" the PCC president told the media here on Tuesday. About the party stand on Telangana, Botsa reiterated that the Congress need not reveal it and in its capacity as a ruling party, will go by the opinion of the other parties.As for the names, several are in circulation. They include senior leader K Keshava Rao, Rajya Sabha member Rapolu Ananda Bhaskar, Lok Sabha member Suresh Shetkar, MLA Cheraku Mutyam Reddy and former PCC president P Narasa Reddy from Telangana, and MP Vundavalli Arun Kumar and MLA Gade Venkata Reddy from the Seemandhra side.Meanwhile, J C Diwakar Reddy and education minister S Sailajanath, both from Rayalaseema, offered to represent Rayalaseema and Samaikyandhra respectively. In the wake of lack of consensus, the PCC president himself might lead the two-member team to Delhi as many other parties named the state chiefs as the team leaders.Of the eight political parties that have received invitation from the Union home ministry, four have announced the two-member team each led by the party chief. While BJP has announced that party state president G Kishan Reddy and senior party leader Kambampati Hari Babu will participate in the meeting, Telangana Rashtra Samiti sources said its president K Chandrasekhar Rao and senior leader Nayani Narasimha Reddy will voice the party stand on Telangana in the Delhi meeting.CPM named its state secretary BV Raghavulu and MLA J Ranga Reddy as its representatives while the CPI is sending its state secretary K Narayana and legislator party leader Gunda Mallesh to the meeting.The four parties who have named the representatives are those who have clearly spelt their stance on Telangana, with BJP, TRS and CPI for it and CPM against it. Four political parties, the Congress, Telugu Desam Party, MIM and YSR Congress are yet to announce their stance as well as their representatives for the meeting.The TDP said the names would be finalized at the party's politbureau meeting to be held on December 27. After a meeting with party chief N Chandrababu Naidu, on Tuesday in Karimnagar, senior T-TDP leader E Dayakar Rao said irrespective of the number, the TDP team will voice a single line on Telangana.Joining other parties, both the CPI and CPM also demanded that the Congress reveal its stand on the issue. \"In the earlier meetings, the Congress was evasive. This time we will insist on a clear stand. It's not fair for the party to withhold its stand while asking others to spell a clear policy on the division of the state,\" Raghavulu and Narayana told the media in separate statements. Raghavulu said he would question the home minister as to what action the Union government was contemplating on the Justice Srikrishna Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17762642", "title": "University found flouting UGC norms for recruitment of teachers", "text": "JODHPUR: The ongoing teacher recruitment process of the Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur, has landed in the dock for flouting and bending of the UGC guidelines.University administration has allegedly done this to provide recruitment to their kin. Moreover, to avoid any objections, the university is carrying out the recruitment process outside the institute premises.According to UGC norms, it is mandatory for universities to recruit teachers who have NET/SLET/SET qualifications. \"In absence of any of these qualifications, an applicant should have secured a PhD degree after 2009. But the university administration has bent this condition in its favour and gotten it approved by the then governor and is now recruiting those teachers who have none of the above qualifications and besides have even completed their PhDs before 2009,\" said Magha Ram Meghwal, president of the SC/ST Lecturers' Association.In a letter to all the universities dated October 10, 2010, the UGC had clearly mandated that NET/SLET shall remain the minimum eligibility for recruitment of lecturers. Only those applicants can be exempted from this condition who have a PhD degree in accordance with the UGC (Minimum Standards and Procedure for award of PhD Degree), Regulations 2009, as per the UGC mandate. \"But as of today, none of the candidates in Rajasthan meet this criteria which is tantamount to flouting of this norm, the university is considering even those candidates who have a PhD degree dated before 2009,\" Meghwal added.\"Interestingly, the administration took into account this mandate of the UGC vide its circular dated July 9, 2011, but backed off in just 10 days. It considered those with PhD prior to July 2009 eligible for the post of assistant professor and kept the then governor in dark, and even got it approved by him by bringing a change in the University Ordinance no. 317 and that too two months after the arbitrary circular was issued,\" a professor said.Even the high court had ordered adherence to the UGC guidelines during recruitment of teachers by any university vide its order dated September 13, 2012, calling it compulsory in order to raise the quality and standards of higher education. But even that order has not been followed by the university.In order to accommodate their kin, the university administration has neither taken into account the backlog nor the roaster. \"Not only this, even the reservation provisions have not been adhered to,\" said a protesting associate professor LN Bunkar. He added that transparency has been completely put at stake in the recruitment process of 206 teachers in the assistant professor, associate professor and professor categories.The vice chancellor could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762202", "title": "Cumta to draw inspiration from cities abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (Cumta), a body to create an integrated transport plan for the city, will come under the umbrella of urban planning agency Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA).\"Since CMDA is competent in both urban housing and planning, Cumta will be its sister organisation,\" said a senior state official. Cumta's head office is likely to be situated in the same campus, he said.Though the Cumta Bill was passed in 2010, the government is yet to notify it as an act. The government is in the process of framing rules and regulations for the act. However, authorities involved in urban planning have started looking beyond the country to draw inspiration to turn Chennai into a world class city. Cumta officials are looking to Rome, Lisbon, Manchester and Vienna for examples and ideas on how to improve the transportation system in the city.Officials say the Integration and Regulatory Structures in Public Transport by University of Oxford, which they are using, is one of the few reports to look at transport issues comprehensively. All cities known for their transport system have a single authority to plan and organise transport.In Greater Manchester, the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Authority is responsible \"contracting socially necessary\" bus services and supporting local railway systems.In Chennai, the different government bodies such as MTC, transport commissionerate which is responsible for autos and share autos, Corporation of Chennai, and Southern Railway operate on their own, with little interaction and integration.Chennai Metro Rail Limited has started to work with other bodies. At stations such as Broadway, Central, Egmore, CMBT, Guindy and St Thomas Mount, CMRL has made sure that commuters can smoothly move to a suburban train or MTC bus. In other station, plans are on to work out feeder services. \"We will begin dialogues with the transport commissioner to regulate and streamline autos and share autos in June-July next year to ensure that Metro Rail stations are accessible,\" said a CMRL official.Once Cumta becomes operational, an information portal will be created first. \"We have a proposal to create a website for all the transport operators in the city including MTC (Metropolitan Transport Corporation), suburban trains, MRTS (Mass Rapid Transport System) and Metro Rail,\" said a senior official at the secretariat. \"It's the easiest and the cheapest thing to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762490", "title": "Two women harassed near Saket mall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two women, who study abroad, were allegedly harassed by three drunk youths outside a mall in Saket on Monday night. The accused, said to be working for a multinational company, were arrested and granted bail by a magistrate's court on Tuesday afternoon, police said.The accused have been identified as Ishan Vanachu (28), Vinay Srivastava and Raja Raman (30), who live in Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh. Ishan works as an area manager in a multinational company that deals in manufacturing of surgical and other medical equipment.\"The incident took place around 9.30pm in a lane at the rear of the mall, when the victims, along with a male friend, were returning home. The accused were returning from a common friend's party in a swift,\" said a police officer.The accused stopped their car and allegedly passed lewd remarks at them. When the victims protested, they were manhandled, the officer said.The victims raised an alarm and approached two policemen patrolling the area on a bike. The cops stopped the accused who were trying to flee and arrested them. They were brought to the Saket police station and the statement of the victims was recorded.A case has been filed under Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of Indian Penal Code and Section 185 (drunk driving) of Motor Vehicles Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762154", "title": "No bail for cops accused of robbery", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court refused to grant anticipatory bail to a police sub-inspector and a constable, accused of robbing Rs 2.3 lakh from a resident of Andhra Pradesh.The policemen are facing a case under Section 392 (robbery) of IPC. The duo had offered to help the AP man purchase gold pledged in nationalized banks for which the repayment period had expired.Justice K N Keshavanarayana rejected the advance bail petition filed by H Sanjeevappa SI of Gownipalli police station in Kolar and Venkatesh, a constable cum police jeep driver attached to the same police station.\"The material collected during investigation prima facie indicates that the alleged offence has been committed under the cover of uniform by the police officials. Therefore, the petitioners are not entitled to the relief of anticipatory bail ... as they are likely to threaten material witnesses,\" the judge said in his order.The caseOne G V Suman Kumar, a resident of Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh, complained to the SP of Kolar on September 28, 2012 that he and a friend had published a notice in a newspaper on September 24 that they wanted to buy gold pledged in any bank for which the period of repayment had expired.On September 25, the complainant received a call from one L Satish Reddy of Madanapalle stating that he had pledged 220 grams of gold in a nationalised bank and would like to get the same released. He asked Kumar to come to Madanapalle. On September 26, Kumar arrived with Rs 1.5 lakh cash. There Reddy told him the bank was in Kashettipalli in Kolar, 30 km away. He made Kumar withdraw Rs 1.8 lakh from an ATM at Madanapalle. On their way to Kashettipalli, SI Sanjeevappa and constable Venkatesh accosted them. Reddy and the policemen forced the complainant to get into a police jeep and later assaulted him. Reddy also took photographs of Kumar with fake gold, made him sign some blank papers and later dumped him before taking away Rs 2.3 lakh. He was threatened not to approach the police. Kumar, however, filed a complaint. and the same was forwarded to jurisdictional police on October 9. The sessions court had earlier rejected bail to the police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "17761428", "title": "Minor raped in Gulbarga", "text": "GULBARGA: The rape of a minor girl in Gadilingadahalli village of Chinchoi taluk came to light on Tuesday, a week after the crime was committed simply because the local police refused to file a complaint.The 11-year-old girl was allegedly raped in a farm field by a villager Ramesh Hanumanth Vaddar on December 22, police said.Though the girl's family approached the local police station to lodge a complaint, their plea was not entertained. The Child Welfare Committee of Chincholi taluk took up the issue and met District Superintendent of Police N Satish Kumar on Tuesday to pursue the matter, they said.A manhunt has been launched to nab the absconding culprit. The girl is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Gulbarga.Gulbarga district police officers have also decided to donate a day's salary for the girl's treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760941", "title": "Man assaults NMC official, booked", "text": "NAGPUR: Sakkardara police have booked a man for allegedly assaulting a junior engineer at the water works department at Reshimbagh zone office of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Dinkar Jadhav has been slapped with charges of assault or criminal force to deter a public servant from discharging his duty among others after he allegedly slapped junior engineer Anant Rewatkar.It is learnt that Jadhav had applied at the water works department for discontinuing the connection to a property in the neighbourhood. The department, during its inquiry, came to know that the connection was in the name of someone else. It is reliably learnt that Jadhav, working at a private firm, has made the application before the department against the water connection to a property owned by someone with whom he shared a dispute.Jadhav, who came to the Reshimbagh zone office of NMC, was informed by a junior engineer that his application cannot be processed as the connection was in somebody else's name.After a heated argument and in a fit of rage, Jadhav tore apart the reply given to him before allegedly thrashing Rewatkar on his face. The accused is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763069", "title": "Industry bodies to meet on SME opportunities", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Institute of Company Secretaries, western regional council along with its Aurangabad Chapter will organise a seminar on SME Opportunities, on December 27, 2012. This seminar is being organized jointly with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and Chamber of Marathwada Industries &amp; Agriculture (CMIA). Sarthi Capital Advisors (P) Ltd. A SEBI registered Merchant Banker is the Knowledge Partner.The managing director BSE , Ashish Chauhan, the CMIA president, Sunil Raithatha, the ICSI Vice President, S N Ananthasubramanian, the Chairman, ICSI western region Mahavir Lunawat, and the Chairman of Aurangabad Chapter office of ICSI Mahesh Singhi, would inaugurate the seminar.Small and medium enterprise (SME) entrepreneurs of business groups including Bagla group, Bothra Metals, Nirlep Appliances, RJ group and Savera group would lead a panel discussion on 'SME Business - Challenges and Way Forward'. Presentations on SME listing, SME funding , feasibility reports and other useful aspects would be made by expert speakers from BSE, SIDBI and Sarthi Capital Advisors.\"We are committed to support SMEs and help them grow and it is our endeavour to unleash initiatives for better and wider awareness of the SME listing and numerous benefits it extends,\" said Lunawat.He said that he is pleased to share another joint initiative taken by WIRC in collaboration with Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) to conduct 100 investor awareness programs in a short span of three months across Western Region to spread awareness and knowledge of financial market to investors, especially those living in small towns and remote locations.Small and medium enterprise (SME) entrepreneurs would lead a panel discussion on 'SME Business - Challenges and Way Forward'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762696", "title": "Government moots bill to make rape laws stricter", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government is likely to bring a bill in the assembly to amend certain provisions of Indian Penal Code to ensure speedy trial, tighter bail conditions and for setting up special courts in rape cases. According to legal experts, the state assembly has the power to make procedural changes in Section 376 of IPC, which deals with rape.The move has been initiated in the wake of latest figures released by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) that puts Rajasthan in the fourth spot in terms rape cases registered.\"There are various gaps in the existing laws on sexual assault and rape. Given the situation in the state which has high rate of such crimes, a stringent law is needed. So one can expect to have certain changes soon,\" said a senior official.The draft with amendments will be prepared by the state law review committee and will make procedural changes in Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code. The new provisions that could find place in the amendments include subjects like bail, trial in special courts and time-bound disposal of rape cases.\"The state government can make procedural changes in laws mentioned in concurrent list. But clauses of deciding on punishments can be done only by Parliament. At present, the maximum punishment for rape is life imprisonment,\" said AK Jain, lawyer.For finding possibility of enhancing punishment for rape, the Union government has constituted a three-member committee under retired Chief Justice of India, JS Verma.The state ranked fourth in the total number of rape cases in the country. It has registered a total of 1,800 cases in 2011. But the reason of worry being the highest number of incest cases in which Rajasthan been the leading state.\"It came to our observation that in Rajasthan, most rape cases involve victim's own relatives like uncle, cousin, nephew or even father apart from friends. So it has to be framed in such a way that it addresses this particular issue,\" added the official. However, an official maintained that it is a policy decision and a final call on it will be taken by the chief minister.Meanwhile, the government has decided to set up fast-track courts at all divisional headquarters. The courts will be mandated to hear cases of crime against women. \"The government has been considering various options. The immediate action was to open fast-track courts and in coming days we will take more steps on it,\" said a senior official.Other action plan being contemplated for the purpose include setting up of special women's cell at police headquarters in every district, accountability and responsibility of district superintendent of police, concerned circle officers and SHOs for curative measures and time-bound and fool-proof arrangement of investigation, legal/court processing of cases of rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763171", "title": "Untrained hands uprooting plants of medicinal value", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Scores of indigenous plant species with medicinal value are vanishing from the Eastern Ghats and coastal regions of Andhra Pradesh as indiscriminate exploitation and unscientific method of extracting these plants is hampering their regeneration and resulting in escalation of costs of herbal medicines.Biodiversity in the region is being adversely affected by untrained locals extracting medicinal plants unscientifically, without planting and seeding, at the behest of middlemen who are associated with herbal product exporters or Ayurvedic drug manufacturers, point out experts.\"Plants like Saptarangi, one of the very few herbs used in anti-diabetic medicines that is found in the marshy lands, is becoming scarce and so is Sidacordisolia that is used for arthritis and rheumatic disorders and is found in the Eastern Ghats,\" said ayurvedic physician K Jayakrishna.V Susheela, an ayurvedic doctor from Sree Aurvedic Hospital, said, \"Plants such as Satavari used for curing gynaecological disorders, Sariba for skin ailments, Aswagandha for curing anxiety plus neurosis and sarpagandha for treating hypertension are in need of adequate conservation. The cost of herbal medicines has risen 4 to 5 times in the last 2 to 3 years due to the limited availability of certain herbs as well as the hike in prices of gold and mercury, which are important mineral ingredients for ayurvedic preparations. Proper inspection from the AYUSH (Ayurveda Yoga Unani Sidha and Homepathy) department is required to check the indiscriminate and unscientific exploitation and trafficking of rare herbal plants.\"\"Deforestation and unscientific extraction are rampant in Eastern Ghats and other coastal belts of AP, which is a treasure house of medicinal plants and herbs. The local tribes are given a few bucks by the middlemen employed by Ayurvedic companies who remove all the endemic plants at the same time without enabling propagation or sowing them elsewhere. These plant collectors don't have the required knowledge of chemistry, botany and Ayurveda and hence scarcity of various species of herbs is rising due to their unscientific activities. Training of these tribals in their local language is needed for scientific extraction of herbs,\" said Jayakrishna.Zoologist and plant conservationist professor M Rama Murthy also emphasised on the buy-back policy by pharma companies to encourage conservation and propagation of herbal species. While plants such as podapatri to control sugar level and pashanabedhi to remove kidney stones are almost becoming extinct due to indiscriminate exploitation, there are also other useful herbs such as multi-vitamin greens, which are available in plenty but not exploited due to lack of awareness. A scientific approach towards herb collection is the need of the hour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762731", "title": "No sewage connection for this housing society", "text": "GURGAON: The Maruti Employees Co-operative House Building Society in Bhondsi has allegedly violated the state government master plan, making it difficult for administration to provide sewage line connectivity to the housing colony.Over 6,000 people live in the residential complex and the alleged violations came to the light during a public interest litigation (PIL) hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court. The PIL was filed by the RWA seeking sewage connection with the Haryana Urban Development Authority's (HUDA) main line.The bench of chief justice A K Sikri and justice Rakesh Kumar Jain turned down the PIL recently on the basis of the affidavits submitted by the state government that highlighted the legal discrepancy in the status of the colony.The housing society owns land spread over 101 acres and the colony was constructed in 1991 in the revenue estate of village Bhondsi. At present, the colony has 916 flats and one school. The RWA runs a sewage treatment plant (STP) spread over 2 acre and the residents have been demanding connectivity with either HUDA's main sewage line, or the one that connects with the sewage system of Bhondsi jail complex, which is about 6 kilometers away from the colony.But the state government told the court that the colony falls inside the agriculture zone as per the master plan of Gurgaon-Manesar Urban Complex 2031. As a result, it is not mandatory for HUDA to provide sewage line connectivity to the colony. Explaining another legal anomaly, the state government said the Town and Country Planning Department had never granted any licence for change of land use (CLU) for construction of the colony. Therefore, the state is not responsible for external development works around the colony.The court was also informed that HUDA provides external services only to those housing societies which fall within the urban area as per the development plan. The Urban Local Bodies Department, Haryana also clarified that Bhondsi village does not fall within the municipal limits.The court in its ruling held that the contention of the complainants that the colony in dispute falls within the municipal area is wrong. Thus, the Department of Town and Country Planning has no role in disposal of sewage of the land in dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17763663", "title": "25 rape cases a year in Millennium City", "text": "CUTTACK: Startling statistics will show that Cuttack is increasingly become unsafe for women. On an average, 15 to 25 rape cases are registered every year. The cases of molestation are also on the rise with about 60 to 110 cases being registered in the past three years.According to the police, 22 rape and more than 40 molestation cases were registered in 2012. Apart from this, cases of women being targeted by miscreants in isolated places are also being reported every now and then. Chain-snatching cases have also gone up by leaps and bounds with a case being reported every week.While 16 rape cases were registered in 2010, the number went up to 19 and 25 cases in 2011 and 2012, respectively, throwing enough hints that Cuttack is not safe for women. \"The rise in crime is because of the increasing population of migrants in the city. We are scared to go out after 8 pm these days,\" said Lipika Das, a college student.The other forms of crime against women are not far behind. Chain-snatching cases are increasing so alarmingly that in the past one year, more than 50 cases were reported. In all cases, lonely women were targeted. \"There were instances of miscreants trying to molest women before snatching chains,\" said Minati Bindhani, a social worker, in the city.Women are also subjected to domestic violence, mainly dowry harassment. In 2010, 35 dowry harassment cases were registered, while in 2011 the figure was 46. In 2012, more than 50 cases have been registered so far. Five dowry death cases have been reported in 2012.\"Most parks have no safety devices to control crime against women,\" said Ranjan Sahoo, a resident near khannagar Park. \"We are reviewing security arrangements for women in vulnerable isolated places and parks. Shortage of staff is making it difficult for us to provide security at all places. We will soon hold a meeting with the police to chalk out our plans for the district,\" said Praveen Kumar, deputy commissioner of police, Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766765", "title": "Rihanna's stalker just 12ft from her", "text": "Rihanna is said to be disturbed after an obsessed male fan got within just 12ft of her at her holiday villa.The 24-year-old singer was lounging by the pool when the stalker was grabbed by security staff, the Sun reported.The stalker had calmly walked on to the balcony of the secluded home in her native Barbados .According to a witness, the guy got to within about 10 to 12 feet of Rihanna before he was apprehended by security, and that he fairly harmless but it was a little too close for comfort.The man is said to have travelled to the Caribbean island specifically to try to meet the star, who has been seen on the balcony every day since arriving for the Christmas holidays.Wearing just shorts, the man had reached the ten-bedroom villa by swimming on to a beach at the back.He was arrested and quizzed by local police but released without charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mattewal", "code": "17761483", "title": "5 gangsters arrested after 2-hour gunbattle in Mattewal", "text": "MATTEWAL: Punjab police, on Tuesday, arrested five persons after an over two-hour gunbattle at a farmhouse owned by the son of a dead terrorist in Mattewal village of the district.Three persons, including Sulakhan Singh Mattewal, the son of late dreaded terrorist Sital Singh Mattewal, fled during the shootout.Police officers claimed that the eight were part of a gang involved in robberies and had gathered at the farmhouse to wage war against another gang.Inspector General (Border Range) RP Mittal said, \"We got a tip-off that members of the gang had gathered at the farmhouse of Mattewal and were heavily armed. \"When the police team challenged them and asked to surrender, they started firing and we had to retaliate.\"Police also recovered three .32 bore pistols, two 315 bore rifles, 20 live cartridges, and two cars.The IG said three of the weapons were illegal, while they are checking on the others.Police claimed that the gang members fired 12 rounds, and so did the cops.Those arrested have been identified as Gurpreet Singh, Gurdeep Singh, Akul Kumar, Pardeep Kumar and Vipin Kumar while Sulakhan Singh, Major Singh and Jaggu namged to flee.\"While Gurpreet is a proclaimed offender, Jaggu has been absconding after a shootout and Vipin is working at Punjab and Haryana high court,\" said the IG.Asked whether Sulakhan Singh was involved in any terrorist activity, the IG said, \"He has had a hand in robberies and looting. He is not a terrorist.\"Police sources said Sital Singh Mattewal, who had once headed Dashmesh Regiment, a pro-Khalistan terrorist group active during the militancy in Punjab, was killed in an encounter near Kathunangal in Amritsar in 1990.While denying any knowledge of Sulakhan's political connections, the IG said police would examine all angles.Mittal said the arrested persons were preparing for a gang war, but he couldn't give a satisfactory reply on why the police didn't wait for other gang members to arrive and arrest them. \"We are trying to trace them also,\" he said.Meanwhile, within hours of the arrests, Punjab police promoted sub-inspector Gurbinder Singh and assistant sub-inspector Amrik Singh for \"their courageous display of dare-devilry during the gun battle\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767648", "title": "After 2 replacements Sunila Karambelkar bags Mahadev", "text": "Life OK's mythological saga Devon Ke Dev..Mahadev has been successfully delivering promising numbers since day one.And it looks like that the makers of Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev ( Triangle Film Company) are leaving no stone unturned in making the show beat all its previous records. TOI had earlier informed about the introduction of a new character which was offered to two popular actresses of TV Kishwar Merchant and Mita Vashisth. However, the latest news that we have gathered from the sets is that the character of evil Daaruka will now be played by Sunila Karambelkar.Sources inform that after Kishwar Merchant opted out of the show, the role was offered to well-known actress Mita Vashisth. However after shooting for the show for an entire day, both Mita and the production house reached to a conclusion that she does not fit the character. Hence, Mita too walked out of the role. Now, we hear that Sunila Karambelkar who was seen in Star Plus' Prithviraj Chauhan as Prithviraj's mother will play the role. She has already begun shooting for the show and her entry will be aired today.When contacted Sunila, said, \"Yes, I am doing the show and it gives me immense pleasure to be associated with Mahadev. Daaruka is the biggest devotee of Parvati and queen of evils. My character is a blend of positivity and negativity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765577", "title": "Walsh keen to return to theatre", "text": "Singer Kimberley Walsh is keen to return to theatre so that she can show off her newly acquired footwork skills on reality show \"Strictly Come Dancing\".The Girls Aloud singer, who came runner-up to gymnast Louis Smith in the show's finale, earlier ended a stint as Princess Fiona in \"Shrek: The Musical in May\", reports thesun.co.uk.\"I've always loved musical theatre but 'Shrek' unleashed the passion in me again. I do really feel like a lot of the things I've learned on 'Strictly Come Dancing' will come in handy,\" said Walsh.\"I would definitely consider being in the West End more in the future,\" she added,Walsh is a fan of musical theatre, and her new debut solo album, \"Centre Stage\", is devoted to classic hits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17761962", "title": "New varsity will take a while to become reality", "text": "BANGALORE: It is now certain that Bangalore will get an exclusive second traditional university named DVG Jnanavahini University. However, the city will have to wait for a while for the new varsity to start working, notwithstanding the appointment of a special officer.Confirming this, Siddaiah, higher education principal secretary, said work on the varsity is certain to begin in 2013-14 but it's not clear yet when and from where the university will operate.\"Any university takes time to take shape. There is no question of it getting started from the coming academic year,\" said Siddaiah.The new varsity is expected start with new admissions. It is also expected not to be a mirror image of Bangalore University by going in for a modified syllabus.But there is some clarity regarding the geographical jurisdiction of the new university. DVG Jnanavahini University will have around 250 colleges affiliated to it and will include colleges from Bangalore North, Hoskote, Devanahalli, Doddaballapur, Chickballapur and Kolar taluks.\"The varsity as of now will operate out of Central College premises but we are also looking for land in Hoskote for the varsity's official campus,\" said Siddaiah.Venugopal KR, the current principal of University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering (UVCE), has been appointed as the special officer to DVG Jnanavahini University.\"I am yet to receive the terms and conditions of my appointment. I still have no idea on what will be the shape and form of the new university and how long it will take to become a reality,\" Venugopal told the Times of India.Why new varsity?According to the University Grants Commission (UGC), a university should ideally have around 200 colleges. But Bangalore University has as many as 654 affiliate colleges under its umbrella. This is nearly three times the number considered optimum by the UGC.The proposal for splitting Bangalore University had been under consideration for more than a decade. In 2009, a committee chaired by former Gulbarga University Vice-Chancellor N Rudraiah recommended splitting Bangalore University into three entities: Bangalore South, Bangalore North and Bangalore Central. However, the government indicated that it would prefer only bifurcation.The matter was then referred to a committee of the Karnataka State Council for Higher Education. The committee recommended carving a new university out of BU.Who is DVG?The new university is named after the renowned Kannada writer and philosopher DV Gundappa, or DVG as he is known.DVG is known for his Mankuthimmana Kagga, a philosophical treatise in verse form. A Padma Bhushan awardee, DVG breathed his last in 1975.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762847", "title": "Living under the shadow of death", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when the entire nation is on the boil over the gangrape of a medical student in a moving bus in Delhi, hundreds of women in rural Assam are facing the threat of being killed on suspicion of \"practising\" witchcraft. Mainly prevalent in tribal societies of the state, such killings have assumed alarming proportions in the state.\"Over 100 women have been killed in Assam in the last 10 years in the name of witch-hunting. Though witch-hunting was prevalent among the Bodos, Rabhas and tea tribes in the state, now this evil practice has spreading among the Mising community of upper Assam,\" said Gita Rani Bhattacharya, state programme director of Mahila Samakhya - an women empowerment programme undertaken by the Union HRD ministry.She added that often women become soft targets of witch hunting in the state as Assam is a patriarchal society where women are still considered inferior. \"Mostly women who live alone have been targeted for witch-hunting. The intention behind targeting such women is to grab their property,\" said Bhattacharya.She added that Goalpara, Kokrajhar, Sonitpur, Udalguri and Majuli have has turned out to be most vulnerable districts. In most cases it has been seen that a section of greedy people create a plot to kill persons with whom they have economic or social rivalry. And when some neighbours of the targeted women fall sick quite often, the conspirators, with the help of sorcerers, spread rumour that unless the targeted person is killed, her neighbours will continue to suffer.Biru Bala Rabha , a crusader against witch-hunting, said, \"We haven't seen a massive campaign yet from the government to erase the notion of witches from the minds of rural people. Immediate steps should be taken to disseminate scientific temperament among people so that witch-hunting can be eradicated from the grassroots.\"\"Witch-hunting is a grave threat to modernization. Many girls who are outspoken and try to break rules are being targeted in rural areas,\" said activist Banamallika Choudhury, a program officer of ActionAid, an NGO in Assam.Anurita Hazarika of North East Network, a women's organization of the northeast, said there should be a comprehensive study to find out in which pockets of the state women are under pressure of getting killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762372", "title": "Chartered buses back on roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after chartered buses went off roads in protest against a drive by the Delhi traffic police and transport department, Harish Sabharwal of the Delhi Contract Bus Association said, \"We have decided to call off the strike from Wednesday. We met the CM and have been assured the drive against tinted glasses will be confined to vehicles not following the guidelines set by the Supreme Court.\"Sheila Dikshit however denied giving any assurances. \"I have asked them to meet me on Wednesday to discuss the matter. No decisions have been taken yet,\" said Dikshit.Chartered buses had gone on strike from Sunday, claiming harassment by the Delhi Police which started a drive against buses with tinted glasses and ferrying passengers without proper authorization. The transport commissioner ordered that all such buses would be prosecuted and their permits cancelled.According to Sabharwal, contract carriages or private buses, should be allowed to ply if they follow SC guidelines, which allow a certain percentage of tinted glasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17766515", "title": "Who discovered Srinivas Ramanujam?", "text": "CHENNAI: Eminent British mathematician Prof G H Hardy widely acknowledged as the man who discovered the Indian maths prodigy Srinivasa Ramanujam, was not the only mentor, it appears from a letter written to the National Board of Higher Mathematics in 1985.It was P V Seshu Ayyar, Professor of Mathematics in the Presidency College, Madras and the then president of the Indian Mathematical Society (1932-34), who originally discovered the prodigious talent, corresponded with Prof Hardy of the Cambridge University and sent Ramanujam's manuscripts to him, according to Annapurni Subramaniam, daughter of Seshu Ayyar.A copy of the letter dated November 9, 1985, is in the possession of Mallika Gopalakrishnan, grand daughter of Annapurni who passed away some years ago.\"What little I know about this great man (Ramanujam) I knew from my father. Ramanujam took up a job of a junior clerk in the port trust office in Madras on a low salary...it was during this time he was working on intricate problems in higher mathematics, on his own. He used to often visit my father, P V Seshu Ayyar and brought his papers with him. When my father saw his papers for the first time, he was amazed to see his grasp of higher mathematics and the way he solved intricate problems with ease, though he had not studied higher mathematics at all.,\" narrates Annapurni burrowing into her childhood memories and narrating them in the letter accessed by TOI as the Indian Year of Mathematics draws to a close.The letter continues: \"When questioned by my father as to how he got the solutions for the problems as he had not studied higher mathematics, Ramanujam said he himself did not know, but they just poured out from his mind in a gush and he had to record these immediately. For this he always kept with him some papers and pen ready.That memorable day my father, after Ramanujam had gone, told us that he was a genius of a high order in Mathematics and deserved all encouragement and help\".Annapurni who was then a school girl, recalls that her father wanted to get Ramanujam a decent research studentship from the Madras University so that he could devote his whole time for Mathematics.But University rules required a minimum qualification of a first class Honours degree for giving such studentships.However, being in the Syndicate, Senate and Academic Council of the University, he managed to get the rules waived in Ramanujam's case as it was an exceptional one.In the meanwhile, Prof Ayyar corresponded with Prof Hardy and sent Ramanujam's manuscripts to him. \"Immediately after going through the manuscripts, Professor Hardy wrote to my father to arrange to send Ramanujam to Cambridge University for research work in Mathematics.My father helped in making all arrangements to send Ramanujam to England by ship and saw him off at the Madras harbour,\" Annapurni narrates.Some years later when Ramanujam returned to Madras after contracting an apparently incurable illness, Prof Ayyar used to visit him every day till he passed away in 1920 aged just 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17762538", "title": "Freeze frame: Capturing the natural bond", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nature is a repository of inspiration for 22-year-old Mohit Sudhera, who expresses his love for the fleeting but beautiful world through photography.For this Model Town resident, nature in a city like Ludhiana is something one has to uncover through layers of concrete and glaring neon. The hum of an insect has to be heard above the roar of automobiles, while a bird's flight would be all too easily missed in the rows of buildings. Armed with his DSLR, Mohit makes sure he spots the artistry in the trees, the flowers, the clouds and even the insects. \"My pictures are an attempt to recover out 'natural bond'. I have captured the sunset of Ludhiana, flowers in Nawanshahar, trees in my college and insects at Apra near Phillaur. I have also clicked pictures of the landscape in Neelon along Chandigarh Road, Apra.\" Mohit's dream is to pursue his passion at places where nature has opened up in all her bounty, such as Kashmir, Shimla and Goa. He is an avid follower of photographers Frozen Borg and Taimor Mirza. \"Photography is my passion and I will pursue it for the rest of my life. My parents Jugesh Chander and Seema Rani have always been supportive of me,\" he said. With reverence for nature blending seamlessly with the passion for photography, Mohit has a long journey of fulfilment ahead of him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17761685", "title": "Atalji kendras will expedite govt works", "text": "BELGAUM: District in-charge minister Umesh Katti inaugurated the Atalji Janasnehi Kendra at Old Tahsildar office here on Tuesday. Through this centre, people will get their certificates in a maximum of 70 days.\"Every hobli has been provided with a deputy tahsildar who has the power to issue certificates and there is no need to refer applications to tahsildars. This will reduce the duration of delivery of services and improve the disposal rates,\" the minister said. Across the state, 900 centres will be set up of which 601 will be in hobli headquarters, 176 taluk headquarters and 123 additional centres. In Belgaum district alone, 50 centres will be set up, he added.Feroz Sait, MLA, Blegaum North, said all the Central and state government schemes will be implemented effectively by the officials concerned. MP Suresh Angadi, MLAs Abhay Patil and Sanjay Patil were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17762607", "title": "Woman gang-raped in Cuddalore village", "text": "CUDDALORE: In yet another case of brutal attack on women which bore similarities to the Delhi bus incident, three men allegedly gang-raped a 23-year-old woman after assaulting and tying up her boyfriend in a village in Cuddalore district on Monday night.Police said the woman, who narrated her ordeal to investigating officers, came to a secluded spot on the banks of Manimuthar river near Srimushnam with her boyfriend, who is also her relative, around 8pm on Monday. They were chatting when the three-member gang came there and attacked them. They also snatched the man's mobile phone and whatever money he had with him.Police said the assailants took turns to rape the woman after tying up the boyfriend, who, however, managed to free himself after some time and escaped from the spot fearing for his life. The assailants fled the scene after the woman fell unconscious.The woman, after regaining consciousness, reached Vriddhachalam bus stand on foot and the passersby, who noticed her condition, called '108' ambulance service. She was taken to Vridhachalam government general hospital where she was given first aid and then referred to Cuddalore government general hospital. Cuddalore superintendent of police Radhika visited the hospital and spoke to the woman.Police sources said the woman narrated her two-hour ordeal to the SP. She was then shifted to Mundiyanpakkam government medical college in Villupuram for medical examination.Her boyfriend, who fled the scene, was traced on Tuesday morning. Police also picked up seven people based on his statement. Police sources claimed that the girl did not have any injuries and they were awaiting the results of the medical examination. Police are yet to register a case in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761075", "title": "Panna celebrates 3rd successful year of Tiger reintroduction", "text": "BHOPAL: It is all smiles for the forest staff, wildlife experts and scientists at the Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) as it observes the third successful year of the Tiger Reintroduction Project on Wednesday. Devoid of tiger population that fell to poaching and other reasons, Panna is now a model in tiger reintroduction project with a population of 18 big cats (cubs and sub adults).From zero tigers in Panna tiger reserve, the reintroduced 4 tigress have given birth to 17 cubs in less than three years. Of this two cubs and a sub-adult tiger died while another cub was abandoned. The population of tigers in PTR increased to 18 in a small span with 5 adults and 13 cubs and sub-adult tigers.It was on December 26, 2009 when the PTR officials rescued the T3 (male tiger), who was moving outside the park area, and released him in the park for the second time that paved the way for further success in the tiger reintroduction project, said the park director R S Murthy.T1 (Tigress from Bhandhavgarh) and T2 (Tigress from Kanha) were brought into PTR in March 2009. But by the time they were shifted the resident male tiger in Panna, left the scene making Panna reserve a 'zero' tiger park.Thereafter a comprehensive tiger reintroduction project was conceived in technical collaboration with Wildlife Institute of India and the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA).The Panna tiger reintroduction project envisaged reintroducing six tigers in all including the earlier two females as a part of founder population to start with (two males and four females).Accordingly male tiger from Pench (T3) was brought in the month of November 2009 which after staying for a short while moved out of the park. Some say that it was for the first time that a 'homing' instinct was observed in a wild tiger. T3 was always moving in the southern direction that was his home, where Pench was located. It travelled more than 450 km during that month long outing.Once he was re-introduced in the park for the second time there was no looking back. He met and mated with both T1 and T2 and both littered in no time, the officer recalls. T1 gave birth to four cubs in the mid April 2010 bringing smiles on every tiger conservationist while T2 also gave birth to four more cubs in the month of October 2010.With T4 (orphaned and hand reared tigress from Kanha) altogether a new chapter in tiger conservation history was created at Panna. T4 was an orphaned tiger cub of just 15 days old along with two other siblings when her mother was killed at Kanha. The park officials picked up litter of the three cubs of this mother and hand reared them with a plan to reintroduce them into the wild. T4 was first among them to be picked up for this task and Panna was selected to experiment this new window of tiger conservation.T4 was reintroduced at Panna reserve in the month of March 2011. It struggled in the initial months and T3 helped her to learn hunting in the wild and her re-wilding process.The T4 later delivered two cubs in the mid November 2011. Subsequently T5 (sibling of T4) was also released at Panna in the month of September 2011.T1 and T2 delivered their second litters in 2012 with four and three cubs respectively. Thus Panna is rated as the most successful tiger conservation project after a debacle, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17763088", "title": "Mumbai clinch thriller to stay alive in Ranji Trophy", "text": "INDORE: There are instances in cricket history when substitutes have turned things around. Gary Pratt ran Ricky Ponting out during the Trent Bridge Test in 2005 Ashes, while Ali Hamid Zaidi's brilliant diving catch of Manoj Tiwary gave Uttar Pradesh their maiden Ranji Trophy crown in 2006. On Tuesday, Vishal Dabholkar added his name to the list.Mumbai have dropped more catches than they have held this season and their penultimate game against Madhya Pradesh was no different.When Iqbal Abdullah grassed Ishwar Pandey on 0 at third man, MP still needed 43 to win. Pandey, in the company of Amarjeet Singh, then kept hitting Mumbai bowlers out of the park. When he hit successive sixes off Abhishek Nayar, it looked all but over for the 39-time champions.With seven needed to win, Pandey went for his third six, but couldn't get the required elevation. Dabholkar kept his cool to take a well-judged catch at cover boundary to give a new lease of life to Mumbai as they posted a seven-run victory on the last day of Group 'A' tie here at the Holkar stadium on Tuesday.MP were bowled out for 303 while chasing 311 for an outright victory in 78 overs after Mumbai declared their second innings at 250-5 , adding 69 to their overnight 192-5 .It was Mumbai's first outright victory of the season and required the lion-hearted efforts of Zaheer Khan (19-2-79-5 ) and Abhishek Nayar (62*, 15.5-0-56-3 ). Both played their part with aplomb when Mumbai were staring at defeat. While the former bowled magnificently to wreck the MP middle order, the latter showed how valuable he is for Mumbai.Nayar scored quick runs in the morning session to take the lead past the 300-run mark. Then he turned the match with a direct hit to send back Jalaj Saxena , who batted brilliantly for his 128 (182b, 16x4, 1x6). Later on, he picked up crucial wickets of Harpreet Singh and Satyam Choudhary. It was fitting that he got the last wicket that sealed the match for Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763070", "title": "Use technology for high yield, says agriculture expert", "text": "AURANGABAD: Farmers of the state need to make efficient use of modern technology to achieve maximum yield from available land. Efficient water and land management, along with technology, were the key for full-scale production in agriculture, said K P Gore, vice chancellor of Agriculture college, Parbhani, here on Sunday.Speaking at the inauguration of Maha-Agro, he said, \"Reducing labour costs to maximize production needed to meet the increasing foodgrain demands of the country.\"The exhibit aimed to focus on modernizing the agriculture activities to achieve maximum production, said Vasant Deshmukh, co-organiser of Maha-Agro.Gore said that the production of grams had doubled in the last forty years in the Marathwada region, while the production of soyabean and rice wheat had increased three times and cotton, six times.He explained that around 40% of the production cost in agriculture was contributed by the cost of labour and the use of modern technology will help to reduce the production cost by 20%. \"Traditional tools and their limitations are a major deterrent in obtaining the maximum agricultural yield,\" he added.\"86% of the land is non-irrigated in the region which has received less than 25% rainfall in the last four years; and last year, it received less than even 50% rainfall,\" he informed.Gore said that around 15% of the water from rainfall was percolated, which could be increased to around 40% through water harvesting in major catchment areas. Around 5,000 hectares of land was being rendered useless due to soil erosion. He also said that subsidiary activities and parallel agricultural activities will help support agricultural production.Out of the labourers, around 70% of the female labours work on the fields.\"Research is equally important for the farmers to study the soil quality, irrigation supply schemes and weather forecasts which would facilitate agricultural production. Implementation of modern technology, application of different strategies successfully tested by experts and organizing discussion forums to inspire farmers should be the need of the hour, \"Gore said.The agriculture college has started 17 research centres, 34 research schemes for students and 24 central government schemes. \"As many as 600 technology ideas, 20 instruments and various programmes for farmers have been conducted by the colleges,\" he added.Contradicting the use of modern equipment for agriculture, Congress district chief Keshavrao Autade said, \"Farmers with small lands cannot afford to use modern equipment to improve their agricultural yield. It would make more sense to use traditional tools along with modern instruments for optimum utilization of resources.\"Autade said that land acquisition for development by government is a major concern among farmers who already have immense pressure to get maximum production from a small piece of agricultural land.K P Gore said that around 15% of the water from rainfall was percolated, which could be increased to around 40% through water harvesting in major catchment areas. Around 5,000 hectares of land was being rendered useless due to soil erosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762435", "title": "Man gets 5 years for wife's murder bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who had tried to kill his wife of 16 years as their teenaged daughter watched helplessly has been sentenced to five years' jail by a Delhi court which termed it a \"ghastly\" act.\"The act of the convict in attempting to kill the complainant, is ghastly and cannot be countenanced by any argument,\" Additional Sessions Judge Rajeev Bansal said while sentencing south Delhi resident Mukesh after her daughter, who was then in Class X, testified againt him. The court also considered the \"history of matrimonial litigations between the parties\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761093", "title": "Speeding SUV kills leopard cub in Satpura", "text": "BHOPAL: A leopard cub was killed after being hit by a speeding vehicle near Bariram village within the Satpura Tiger Reserve on Pachmari- Matkuli road in Hosangabad district on Monday. The incident took place at around 6.30 am in the morning, said R P Singh, field director of the Satpura National Park.The leopard was found in a critical condition by the villager, who informed the park officers. \"The cub had sustained fatal injuries, especially on his head and jaws. It succumbed to injuries at around 2 pm,\" said the officer.Reports said it appears that the leopard was hit by a SUV while crossing the road along with its mother. It also suffered injuries on the waist and the legs and was unable to move. This is the second leopard to have been killed in a road accident. Last one was killed in Umaria district on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763834", "title": "No country for women", "text": "What unfolded in the national capital last week only goes on to highlight the sloppy law and order situation haunting India's commoners, especially women. At such a time when the country is seething over atrocities against the fairer sex and making vociferous demands for a change in the archaic laws, it is unfortunate that our policy makers are passing such unsavoury comments that are sure to further anger protesters. As citizens, we would instead want them to step out and reassure people that they would take strict measures against such offenders and work towards making India's streets safer for women.Related article : Angry women pitch for Botsa's resignation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762399", "title": "Sexual harassement zooms in 3 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The last quarter of the current year witnessed majority of sexual harassment incidents in the city. City women made 269 complaints regarding sexual crimes between September 29 and December 25, while 327 complaints were made during the past nine months (January 1 to September 28).The highest number of complaints a?? 97 out of a total of 596 a?? were reported between September 29 and October 29. Forty nine complaints out of 97 were converted into FIRs, with the victims refusing to let the miscreants go scotfree. A total 62 FIRs were registered between September 29 and December 25, while 85 miscreants were arrested in connection with these cases.After receiving a plethora of complaints, the police department was forced to constitute three different women cells for curbing crime wherein women cops in plain clothes were deployed at public places.The main places, where sexual harassment incidents included teasing, molestation, passing of cheap comments took place included bus stops, ISBTs at 17 and 43, Rock Garden, Sukhna Lake, surrounding areas of Panjab University, Sector 15 market, surrounding areas of three girls government model schools in sectors 16, 18 and 47.The first three months of 2012 witnessed 50 complaints regarding sexual harassment, while only 19 FIRs were registered out of these complaints. The police department received the 596 complaints through the police control room.A senior police official claimed, \"The reason behind the reporting of an increased number of sexual crimes is in the past three months is awareness and motivation among girls to report such incidents to the police without any hesitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762289", "title": "Bengal calling for US-based Bangla band", "text": "KOLKATA: They are successful professionals settled in the US who regularly take time off to write and sing Bengali songs there. To give vent to this creativity, the group of six who pursue music as a hobby, has created a Bangla band, much in the same spirit as we have bands here. But it is not enough to just play to the US galleries so Apaar Bangla is in town to perform to the city audience and wallow in Christmas and New Year revelry.The band performed at Allen Park, at the Park Street-Camac Street crossing as part of the Park Street Christmas celebrations on Tuesday, sending the crowd swaying to the tunes and tapping its feet to the beats. What excited the audience most was the fact that the band was exotic in composition, but khaanti Bangali in spirit.Led by Prithviraj Choudhury - a faculty member of the Wharton business school - the band will also cut an album in the city in the new year. Choudhury, the lead singer and composer of songs, is a South Point and an IIT Kharagpur alumnus, but is currently settled in Philadelphia .The other members of the band are Fawad Reza, who arranges the music for the songs and has his roots in Dhaka and is currently settled in Boston and runs a successful textile business. Percussionist Kaushik Chakraborty hails from Midnapore and after completing his IT engineering from Bengal Engineering and Science University, he went to the US for higher studies. Today heis a financial IT consultant in Boston. Bangladeshi Arafat Kazi is a drummer and is currently an advertising professional in the US, while guitarist Debadeep Bhattacharya, a chemistry honours graduate from Jadavpur University, who did his Phd from the US is a scientist at a biochemic firm in Boston.\"No matter how busy I am, I always take time out for listening to and creating Bangla music that ranges from folk to genre music like Rabindrasangeet and rock. The refrain that runs through our songs is nostalgia and a pining for everything Bengali,\" said Choudhury. The Bengal in Apaar Bangla is not just West Bengal but Bangladesh too.So you have a song \"Buker opor kaanta taar, epar theke opaar gelei jorimana, shudhu Bangla gaaner deshe jete visa laage na (A boundary line divides us, cross it and you will be caught, but you don't need a visa to visit the land of the Bengali songs)\". Tuesday's programme saw the band belting out seven of their own songs and the others were some popular Bengali songs like 'Prithibita Naki Chhoto Hote Hote' and 'Dariyae Ailo Toofan' from Mohiner Ghoraguli. The band also sung the popular baul song, Ridh Majhare Rakhbo Chhere Debo Na.\"We have established our identity in the US. Now it is time to make Apaar Bangla a platform for all artists professing Bengali music and so we are bringing on board musicians like flutist Subir Roy and guitarist Partha Chakrabortywho has also accompanied Sonu Nigam and Shankar Mahadevan,\" Choudhury added. The band Apaar Bangla performed in the Digha Beach festival before coming to the city an will perform through the New Year in different public programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17764596", "title": "No takers for Rajesh Khanna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s last film", "text": "He may have regained some of his lost glory in death earlier this year but as things stand, the 'First Superstar of Hindi Cinema' may not be back on the silver screen to entertain his fans one last time.As reported earlier, Rajesh Khanna had quietly been shooting for one last outing - Riyasat - and director Ashok Tyagi had planned to release it a day before the late actor and his daughter Twinkle's birthday on December 29.However, we've now learnt that Tyagi's original plan has gone completely awry as there are absolutely no takers for his film. As such, Riyasat is not listed for any theatrical release this Friday.When contacted, Tyagi confirmed the news and said, \"What can I do now? I cannot figure out what's happening. Distributors have shown no interest in Riyasat. I wish they would at least see the film before taking a call.\"A source revealed, Tyagi had approached several leading studios and independent distributors but none of them showed any inclination toward the film. He even asked television channels whether they were interested in premiering the film, but in vain.\"In fact, Tyagi told Aryeman Ramsay, who is part of the film,to speak to television channels but that didn't pay any dividends either,\" a friend of the director told this newspaper.Ironically, it's not as if the makers of Riyasat are demanding an astronomical sum. Turns out they are demanding a modest (in today's times) Rs 5 crore. Tyagi confirmed the amount and added, \"Did Rajesh Khanna not regain his stardom and even his family when he passed away? I strongly feel the distributors and even TV channel officials have no idea of Rajesh Khanna's hey days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762183", "title": "Sasikalaa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s statements absolute lie, says Karuna", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Tuesday refuted the charge of Sasikalaa Natarajan, close aide of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, that he had offered to exclude her from the 66 crore disproportionate wealth case against the AIADMK supremo if she turned against her.The case is being tried in a Bangalore special court. In a statement, Karunanidhi said, \"That is an absolute, unadulterated lie. It is baseless and she has provided wrong information to the court.\"Sasikalaa had told the court last Saturday that Karunanidhi, the then chief minister, had in 1996 offered to exclude her from the wealth case against Jayalalithaa if she turned against her.Karunanidhi also claimed as \"false\" a statement made by Sasikalaa regarding the expenses on the controversial marriage of Jayalalithaa's disowned foster son, V Sudhakaran. She had said the expenses were borne by the bride's family and not by the AIADMK leader and this was not true, the DMK chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17763273", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa threatens to pull down Karnataka government", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the ruling BJP in Karnataka sacked 30 of his followers, former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party president B S Yeddyurappa on Tuesday threatened to destabilize the government. He said he would meet governor HR Bhardwaj with the request to ask the government to prove its majority.\"The government has been reduced to a minority. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar has no moral right to continue. I will apprise the governor of the situation,\" BSY told reporters in Mysore.On Monday night, Shettar and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa acted tough by sacking BSY followers, who were heading state-run boards and corporations, on charges of anti-party activities.An upset BSY challenged Shettar stating that if the CM was confident of regaining power, he should dissolve the assembly and seek fresh mandate. \"Let people decide who is fit enough to rule them,\" he said. \"I will soon convene a meeting of my followers and decide the future course of action,\" BSY added.BSY's plan to meet the governor is seen as a strategy to stall Shettar from presenting the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762666", "title": "Man wanted in Kurukshetra University murder arrested", "text": "GURGAON: A criminal in police records, Ajay Kumar , who has a bounty of Rs 1 lakh on his head, was arrested in Najafgarh in Delhi on Monday night by the Palam Vihar crime branch. His associate, Ravinder alias Kana, died in a police encounter some months ago.Ajay Kumar, a native of Khedi Sherkha village in Haryana's Jind district, is wanted in at least 15 cases of serious crimes, including murder, attempt to murder attempt, robbery, dacoity and extortion. He is considered to be one of the hardcore criminals in the state.A senior police officer said Gurgaon police had arrested his associates, Suresh, Vijay, Ashok and Billu, in May. They also had a reward of Rs 50,000 each on their heads.They allegedly killed a man in Kaithal, who was a witness in another murder case.The gang also snatched a carbine from the police, which have later recovered.Among other cases, the accused were involved in the daylight murder of Virender, a resident of Kakrod, a student leader in Kurukshetra University in May.\"Kumar was absconding from the last one year and following a tipoff, our crime branch team arrested him from Najafgarh in Delhi,\" said K K Sindhu, commissioner of police, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762614", "title": "Infighting resurfaces, BJP leaders target Raje on Vajpayee's birthday", "text": "JAIPUR: Infighting within the BJP state unit surfaced once again at a party function on Tuesday. The event was organised to celebrate former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's birthday as \"Sushashan Diwas\", but the party's senior leaders did not miss the opportunity to hit out at former chief minister Vasundhara Raje and her loyalists.Without taking her name, the leaders pointed out that when BJP did not 'start and end' with leaders like Vajpayee and LK Advani, how could such statements be made about Raje. Senior leader Ramdas Agarwal said it in reference to party chief whip Rajendra Rathore's reported statement that BJP starts and ends with Raje. Addressing the party workers, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari emphasised on unitedly fighting the ruling Congress. Tiwari, known as a strong critic of Raje, was apparently targeting the former chief minister for taking feedbacks from the BJP leaders without involving the party leadership.Similar infighting was witnessed at the party's core committee meeting here last week. Tiwari and BJP senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria questioned Raje's conduct as a leader independent of the party leadership. Kataria and Rathore reportedly even had heated arguments with each other over the matter. BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi, whom the Raje camp wants removed, too underscored at the core committee meeting that the leader of opposition was acting independently.The party, meanwhile, celebrated its 'Sushashan Diwas' with its workers taking a pledge to work unitedly and overthrowing the Ashok Gehlot government. The function also saw leaders attacking the UPA government accusing it of being apathetic in dealing with Delhi's recent gangrape incident. BJP leaders advocated capital punishment for rape and speedy trial in such cases. The event was marked by a significant presence of RSS members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765526", "title": "DSP set to rock Alex Pandian stage", "text": "A grand Alex Pandian musical night is set to be held on 30th December at the YMCA Grounds in Royapettah, Chennai in the evening. Devi Sri Prasad will be conducting a grand music extravaganza and he along with his team of singers will be rendering the songs from the Karthi starrer Alex Pandian.Devi Sri Prasad is known for his stage performance and is sure to the rock the stage come 30th December. Directed by Suraaj, ' Alex Pandian ' starring Karthi and Anushka in the lead is slated for release on Pongal, 2013. Suriya and Karthi are the main highlights of the event as the brothers will be present at the Alex Pandian Musical Night along with the whole cast and crew of the film.Devi Sri Prasad will be performing all the songs from Studio Greens presenting Alex Pandian music album and few of Suriya's soundtracks live on stage for Suriya-Karthi fans and would be shaking his legs at the event.While the audio of the movie was launched recently the teaser of one of the song from Alex Pandian , the song titled ' Bad Boy ' released a couple of days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "munger/ bhagalpur", "code": "17763705", "title": "Govt nod to mega plan for sewerage system in Munger", "text": "MUNGER/ BHAGALPUR: State urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar said here on Monday that the state government has sanctioned a mega plan for constructing sewerage in areas under Munger municipal corporation with an aim to save the river Ganga from pollution by preventing fall of drainage water of the town. The minister said work has already been taken up and it will incur an expenditure of Rs 122 crore.The minister was talking to the city councillors at the circuit house about the development plans of urban areas of state and said master plans for development of 11 cities of the state including Munger, Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Bhagalpur etc. is in pipeline and it will be ready by 2013.The minister, however, was non-committal about the renovation of the Munger water works, as 2 lakh-population is going without filtered drinking water supply for the last five years with only assurances of ministers and authorities of the PHED that the scheme will be commissioned afresh within a few months.At Bhagalpur, the minister held a separate meeting with the officials of the Bhagalpur municipal corporation (BMC) and asked them to a prepare roadmap with a futuristic vision of 20-years from the present urbanization scenario.The minister also inaugurated and laid foundations for 30 schemes worth Rs 4.1crore in a combined function held at the Bhagalpur town hall on Monday.When the attention of the minister was drawn towards inadequate number of sanitation workers at BMC, Kumar said the government is serious to provide proper municipal amenities and services to the people living under municipal areas. The minister assured to increase the number of workers for sanitary works.BMC mayor Deepak Kumar Bhuwania said Rs 13 crore that had lapsed in previous year has been allotted by the department. Efforts were on to make Bhagalpur a clean and green city.Deputy mayor Preeti Shekhar demanded integrated development and beautification of embankments of the river Ganga for sanctity of holy river and to facilitate the Hindu devotees in celebrating Chhath puja without any hassle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761658", "title": "Dowry death charge valid only for recent demand: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Demand for dowry must be made \"soon before\" a woman commits suicide for the charge of dowry death to stick against her husband and in-laws, the Delhi high court has said.\"For conviction under Section 304B of IPC it has to be proved that the victim was subjected to cruelty or harassment in relation to a dowry demand soon before her death,\" Justice Manmohan observed recently while acquitting a man of the charge of dowry death. A sessions court had earlier held the man guilty of driving his wife to suicide.HC added that the expression \"soon before\" is a relative term and depends on the facts and circumstances of each case. While hearing the appeal of one Deepak, HC found that even the father and the brother of the deceased, Deepak's wife, conceded that the last dowry demand allegedly made by the husband was several months before she committed suicide.HC, however, upheld the conviction for cruelty and harassment.The prosecution said Deepak had tied the knot in 2000 and according to the statement of the wife's family, Deepak and his father demanded dowry at the time of fixing the marriage. Once the marriage was solemnized, the father-son duo continued to harass her for dowry and kept demanding money from her father on one or the other pretext.The police further claimed that in March 2004, Deepak's father had demanded Rs 1 lakh from the woman's father but he did not yield. Things worsened when Deepak's father threatened him that he won't see his daughter alive, and in April the woman ended her life, prompting her parents to allege that Deepak and his father drove her to suicide.While the prosecution maintained it had enough evidence against the husband and his family, HC wasn't convinced, pointing out that the last dowry demand made was several months before the death and \"much time had elapsed between the demand and incident, and there seems to be no direct proximity between the two.\"For conviction under Section 304B of IPC, it has to be proved that the victim was subjected to cruelty or harassment in relation to a dowry demand soon before her death, said HC while adding that \"soon before\" is a relative term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17761559", "title": "Thane cops come out with guidelines for women", "text": "KALYAN: The Thane police have come out with guidelines for women following increasing cases of sexual harassment, molestation and rape across the twin cities of Kalyan and Dombivli,The police have printed around 35,000 pamphlets of these guidelines, which they have started distributing. They have identified 32 sites, which include colleges, schools, isolated places and areas from where most crimes against women have been reported and have increased vigilance there.Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi has allotted an additional 70 policemen from the headquarters to Dombivli, from where many cases have been reported in the last few days.Parag Manere, deputy commissioner of police (zone II) said, \"We have deployed 210 policemen across the twin cities, out of which 77 policemen have been allotted to seven squads focusing only on crimes against women.\" Manere said since the past week, the team has taken action against 72 persons loitering around colleges and schools, and has taken action against them under Sections 110 and 112 of the Bombay Police Act.In the last few days, there have been crimes against women by school and college students, and in some cases, relatives and friends have been caught, the police said.The police have also organized 25 seminars, out of which three have been attended by Raghuvanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17761676", "title": "Surgery gives new lease of life to 59-yr-old man", "text": "BELGAUM: The department of Cardiology of KLES Heart Foundation successfully on Tuesday performed coronary revascularization on a 59-year-old patient from Belgaum with the use of new bio-resorbable stent.Coronary revascularization is a process of restoring the flow of blood to the heart.Dr Prabhu Halkati, chief of the cardiology department, said one of the benefits of bio-resorbable stent is restoration of normal physiology functions of the coronary vessel due to which the artery can show natural motion in the absence of permanent structure. Clinically this would lead to delayed disease progression. This new bio-resorbable stent was launched in India two days ago, he said.The stent absorbs in the artery and maintains normal flow of blood to heart and has long term benefits for patients, said Dr. Suresh Patted, consulting interventional cardiologist of KLES Heart Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17762729", "title": "Cops ask PCO operators to check caller identification", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Police has issued instructions to all STD and PCO operators in the city to check identity card proof of callers before allowing them to make phone calls.This comes after carrying identity proof while travelling in train was made mandatory last year. This move is seen as a step to avoid threatening calls made from PCOs.\"There have been cases of threat calls from PCO and STD booths. Though police manage to track down the phone, in most of the cases the caller remains anonymous. This step will help to prevent such calls,\" police said. \"Terror suspects or criminals use PCO phones, making it difficult to track them down,\" police added. There are over 60,000 public phone booths in Mumbai.\"We have issued instructions to maintain callers' records. It will help in avoiding many wrong things,\" deputy police commissioner and city police spokesperson Nisar Tamboli said.The police said have issued instructions to the booth owners/care takers to note down the name, address of the caller and the number on which the call is being made.\"There are several PCO booths where the owner has more than five to six phones. Such booths may also be asked to install CCTV cameras to keep a record,\" police said.However, some booth owners said they were yet to get any such guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762678", "title": "Women attempt to thrash Alwar rape accused in hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The national outrage over the gangrape in Delhi was reflected in its extreme form in Alwar on Tuesday when a group of women made an attempt to thrash one of the accused who raped a six-year-old girl in Alwar on December 17.The incident took place when police brought the accused, Lokesh, to a hospital in the town for medical examination. In the hospital, members of BJP's Mahila Morcha, who were distributing fruits to patients to mark the 88th birthday of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , came to know about the presence of the accused.\"They gathered at the exit of the hospital, raising slogans against the accused. Smelling their intentions, the police ran towards the jeep with the accused but was caught by the group. They struggled to shield the accused from the blows and slippers thrown by the group,\" said an eyewitness.When they failed to hit him, the protesters made a human chain around the accused and police and restricted their exit. \"More police personnel were rushed to the hospital and the accused was safely taken out. The safe exit of the accused left Morcha members fuming and raised anti-police slogans for an hour,\" said an eyewitness. The drama lasted for 30 minutes leading to utter chaos in the hospital.The accused had raped a six-year-old girl in an abandoned house. The state police had showed an indifferent approach by refusing to file an FIR for first three days. However, due to national outrage over Delhi gangrape, they filed an FIR and arrested Lokesh.The accused was taken to the hospital on court orders after his family made an appeal in the court for a medical verification of Lokesh's poor mental health. They contended in the court that accused is suffering from a disease which doesn't allow him to think rationally.Acting on the plea, the court directed the police for a medical test of the accused to issue a certificate on his mental health. The doctors who examined him, meanwhile said: \"The patient doesn't have any history of medication for mental health. On the basis of our psychological observation, we found him a normal human being.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762581", "title": "E-way to drive protests in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Over a week since a 23-year-old girl was gangraped in Delhi in a moving bus, the anger over the brutal incident has not diminished a bit.While huge public protests have been witnessed in the past, this time though citizens have taken to posting feeds, live updates on social networking sites to keep up the momentum of the protests.Jaipurites have created special pages on networking sites seeking suggestions and solutions to ensure safety of women in state. These sites have also become an easy way for citizens to create events and inform others about the time, date and venue of protests in the city.Pukaar-The Call is one such page created by a group of women on a social networking site that helped in mobilizing public for the protest at Statue Circle on Sunday.\"We created this page after the incident and have so far got 1400 members, of whom 300 turned up for Sunday's protest,\" claimed Aeisha Kapur Saluja, one of the creators of the page.Similarly, a page created under the name Jaipur Live is asking citizens to boycott Republic Day parade in protest of rising atrocities on women.Online petitions like Change.org, Causes.com and petition.com too have garnered huge support from netizens in the state over Delhi gangrape and safety of women.Now these groups are trying to rally people on Saturday to decide on a charter of demands, specific to the city, and send the same to the authorities. The meeting is scheduled to take place at Statue Circle at 4 pm.Need for police posts at some vulnerable areas in the city is one of the main demands in the charter.While few Jaipur based denizens find protest and rallies as futile exercise or means of hooliganism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763904", "title": "Naveen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s BJD still going strong 15 years on", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fifteen years back on December 26 when the Biju Janata Dal as a new political party was born in Odisha, many doubted its longevity. The apprehension was not without reason. For, Biju Patnaik was no more and his son, Naveen, hesitatingly set his foot in politics and was installed as head of the regional party.As the BJD celebrates its birthday on Wednesday, a close look at the party reveals Naveen proving all speculations about him wrong. He has not only established himself as a leader of consequence but has also been able to outperform his illustrious father Biju Patnaik. It is beside the point whether he has lived up to the expectations of the people or has been able to create the kind of impact and clout Patnaik Senior had at the national level. \"Naveen has been very popular in Odisha, but it would not be fair to compare everything that he does with Biju babu. Both have different approaches and have made their mark on the national stage in different ways,\" says BJD vice president and health minister Damodar Rout.Naveen's bete noire Bijay Mohapatra, who was close to Biju but fell out with Naveen, has a different take, \"Naveen has had no impact on the national scene. He has zero clout compared to Biju babu and continues to move around in the Delhi circle in his father's name.\"Rout, who has worked closely both with the father and son, does not agree. \"Naveen has impacted national politics on certain occasions like when he spearheaded the non-Congress CMs' campaign against the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in February, 2012, and also when he propped up P A Sangma as a candidate for presidential elections earlier this year,\" he notes.BJD insiders feel if Biju was a factor on the national political firmament, Naveen's focus on state politics has earned him rich dividends. While Patnaik Senior was the state's executive head for seven years, his son has already completed 12-and-a-half years as chief minister.Biju was CM in the 1960s and had to wait for about three decades to return to power in the state. In the interim period, he spent a good amount of time cultivating his national image. But Naveen has been in power from the day he entered politics; from being a Union minister to three consecutive terms as CM. Where was the opportunity for him to become a bigger national player?\" defends a BJD leader requesting anonymity.\"Because of his personality, Biju attracted people at the national level and was acceptable as a leader. The same has not happened for Naveen, who has been trying to play a larger national role but not been able to sustain the efforts because of various reasons, including compulsions of state politics,\" opines professor of sociology, Utkal University, Anup Dash.Political scientist, Surya Narayan Misra, believes Biju and Naveen are not \"comparable commodities\" if their personalities, dynamism and leadership potential are taken into account.Senior Congress leader Kailas Acharya points out that Biju and Naveen have taken opposite routes to politics.\"While Biju grew as a national leader and came to state politics, Naveen had nothing to do with political life till his father's demise and has been mostly confined to state politics,\" he explains.\"Biju was accepted as a national leader, but Naveen does not figure anywhere with prominence at the all-India level; he has been a state player,\" he observes. Mohapatra, who was a powerful minister in Biju's cabinet in the early Nineties but Naveen removed him from BJD in 2000, feels Biju was \"highly dynamic\" and commanded respect across the political spectrum. \"One cannot say the same about Naveen.His attempted to move to the national centrestage during the anti-NCTC stir and the presidential polls fizzled out. He has thus far not been a weak leader but not able to make his presence felt either,\" he contends.Supplements Misra, \"Biju created a space for himself in national politics; he was a natural.Naveen has simply inherited his father's legacy and seemingly lacks Biju babu's dynamism and vision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17762627", "title": "Two-day agricultural convention for small farmers", "text": "JODHPUR: The 37th Vice-Chancellor Convention on the topic 'How to make Agriculture More Remunerative for Small Farmers' is being organized by the Rajasthan University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences (RAJUVAS), Bikaner, on December 27-28. The meet is being organized in collaboration with the Indian Agriculture Universities Association at the International Horticulture Innovation and Training Centre ( IHITC) in Jaipur. Harji Ram Burdak, minister for agriculture, animal husbandry &amp; fisheries will inaugurate the convention, while AK Gehlot, V-C, RAJUVAS, will preside over the function.Vice chancellors from 45 agricultural and veterinary universities, deemed universities and the director general, deputy director general and deans of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research will take part in the two-day convention.Terming the theme of the meet as quite relevant, V-C Gehlot said we need to value innovations in sustainable agriculture for resource-deficient and small farmers in the developing countries and thereby activate value chains as the major pathway.The convention will not only bring V-Cs from agriculture, veterinary and allied fields under one umbrella but will also provide an opportunity for deliberations, interaction and exchange of ideas for the overall improvement of small and marginal farmers and their economic and social benefits to mankind.Four technical sessions and one special session will be organized on the sub-themes of upliftment of small and marginal farmers with horticultural interventions, opportunities of processing, value addition and marketing for small farmers, complete e-governance of agricultural universities through Integrated Agricultural University Management System (IAUMS), small holders dairy farming and the role of animal husbandry in providing sustainability to agriculture of small farmers, strategies for future agriculture vis-a-vis climate change paradigm shift in agriculture production systems to achieve food security. Besides, issues related to universities will also be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17760935", "title": "Narendra Modi likely to take on UPA at CMs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: An interesting tussle might be on the cards as the government braces for Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , upbeat from his third straight win, expected to use the National Development Council (NDC) platform on Thursday to showcase a vision of governance while attacking the UPA.The chief ministers of opposition-ruled states, including Nitish Kumar of Bihar and J Jayalalitha of Tamil Nadu, will also be keenly watched at Thursday's meeting as they have been accusing the Centre of neglecting non-UPA ruled states.UPA managers are working overtime to counter Modi, Nitish and Jayalalitha. Sensing trouble, sources said NDC has been remodeled to include parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath, health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and law minister Ashwini Kumar to blunt opposition's attack.In a big relief for government managers, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is likely to miss the meet as the ruling coalition is wary of a growing concert between Opposition CMs. The last time they were here, Modi had met Jayalalitha and Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik .Though Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress is annoyed with the Centre on various issues, including FDI in multi-brand retail, inflation and diesel price hike, the main bone of contention was Centre's reluctance on her demand for three year moratorium on repayment of loans worth around Rs 22,000 crore a year.Modi has been vocal in attacking UPA for its failure on the economic front. He has accused the Centre of suffering from policy paralysis after the growth rate fell to nine-year low in last financial year.During annual plan meet in June, Modi was attacked by plan panel for Gujarat's poor performance on social indicators, but he countered saying there is a discrepancy in the Centre's data.Kumar is likely to reiterate the demand for special category status for the backward states as he has been demanding changes in existing guidelines to accommodate Bihar.Jayalalitha may rake up Cavery water sharing issue to put UPA government on backfoot. She had been accusing Centre of excessive control over fiscal resources relegating states to \"glorified municipalities\". The government has been working at a credible response to her claims in Cauvery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761291", "title": "'Powerless' AP Inc hopes for happier currents in 2013", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the state's power woes playing party-pooper and rendering Andhra Pradesh Inc practically powerless in 2012, corporate honchos in the state now have their fingers crossed for 2013. finally ushering in some much needed light at the end of the dark tunnel. While in 2012, T-troubles more or less steered clear of the state. and left AP Inc aloneWith the 'powerless' year drawing to a close, industry across sectors has been heaving a sigh of relief and the top honchos are hoping against hope that the new year will be more power-charged as industry in the state may not be able to bear the power shock further.Pointing out that inflated power bills, at times three to four times the normal bill, had left AP Inc, especially its SMEs, in bad shape, Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII) Andhra Pradesh council chairperson Suchitra K Ella said: \"If the state government doesn't act on a war footing, industries will be crippled. Currently, the industrial production has taken a hit which is affecting the margins of companies and their ability to service debts. If the state of affairs continues, many more will continue to lose livelihood in 2013.\"According to Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fappresident Devendra Surana, while the most positive aspect of the year gone by was that T-troubles did not hit businesses directly, power shortages proved to be the undoing of industry in the state.\"The power shortages will only aggravate in March-April as that will be the time for the farmers to harvest rabi crops,\" said a not too optimistic Surana, who feels that industry may be in for some tough times on the wage front too. \"For the last few years wages have been growing at 10%-15%, which is faster than the rate of inflation in the state making it difficult for industries to pay salary hikes in 2013 spelling trouble for industry,\" he said.The pharma sector, which had to swallow the bitter pill of shrinking margins due to rising power costs that sent operating costs shooting up by over 5%, too is hoping for a brighter 2013. P Bhaskara Narayana, director and chief financial officer of Natco Pharma Limited, said: \"The year 2012 saw several impediments to growth - some unique to the industry and some common to all industries. For example, companies had to fight the increasing shortage of power. The rising cost of fuel only added to the problems - increasing the cost of captive generation of power.\"AP's sunshine sector - IT and ITeS, too found itself wilting under the onslaught of the global meltdown and the power crisis back home. \"The growth for the IT sector in AP might be lower than the average national growth in 2012. Even as the IT sector is not a power sensitive sector, high power tariffs does affect the small players in the business. The power tariffs have soared by 60% to 70% and this has hit the small players,\" BVR Mohan Reddy chairman and managing director of Infotech Enterprises said.According to Reddy, this hit that companies have taken will continue to have a dampening effect on hiring for 2013 as companies would be cautious given the present circumstances.Pointing out at the future trends in the IT sector, V Srinivasa Rao, senior vice-president, Mahindra Satyam , said, one of the biggest challenges in 2013 will be to spot talent. \"Technology is growing rapidly and the clients have become more demanding. They expect proactive problem identification by the IT firms. Given this scenario, the IT firms will face an uphill task to find skilled persons.\"The state's beleaguered infrastructure biggies too had their share of woes. \"In 2012, there weren't many new projects initiated by the AP government. The infrastructure sector did not grow owing to 'delay' in the decision making process by the state governments across the country and the sector was also bogged down by the high interest rates ,\" said Balrami Reddy, chief financial officer, IVRCL Limited, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17761010", "title": "Govt discrimination worsens snakebite pain", "text": "NAGPUR: Two months ago, Ritu Maule (30), a city teacher staying in Shanichara, was bitten by a cobra at home. Her family spent all its savings and even had to sold jewellery on her treatment. Today, Ritu is virtually a handicapped person and needs to undergo two more surgeries but money is a constraint.Unlike victims of a tiger or bear attack, however, Ritu will not get any compensation. For some reason, even though snakes are \"wild animals\" under Wildlife Protection Act and protected under various its schedules, their victims are discriminated against.The state pays Rs2 lakh to next of kin of those killed by tiger, leopard, sloth bear, bison, wild boar, hyena, wolf, elephant, wild dog, and even crocodile. In case of serious injury, Rs50,000 is paid while Rs7,500 for minor injuries. Owners of even livestock attacked by wild animals are entitled for damages between Rs3,000 and Rs10,000. As long as they are not victims of snakebites in which case there is no compensation.Volunteers engaged in snake rescue operations have been demanding that victims of snake bites should be paid compensation.Frustrated, they even say the government wake up only when a VIP is bitten by a venomous snake.State's principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi called it 'a very complex issue' and tried to offer some explanation. \"Agreed that snakes are wild animals, but it is not possible to pay compensation to victims as snakebites mostly took place in areas where there is no forest presence. Besides, we don't have mechanism to deal with such cases. Other agencies like zilla parishad, revenue and agriculture departments, who have presence, should take initiative,\" Naqvi told TOI.However, compensation is paid in case a wild animal attacks even in village far from a forest. Also, what about people and animals suffering snakebites in forest? Naqvi has not answer.Andhshraddha Nirmulan Samiti (ANS) founder Dr Narendra Dabholkar, who worked for recognition to sarpa mitras, says although sarpa mitras have gained notoriety recently by getting involved in illegal acts like trading in venom, that doesn't mean forest department can refuse compensation to snakebite victims. \"Hundreds of snakes are killed out of fear and at least 800-1,000 people also die in the state due to snakebites each year. Victims must get compensation. I will talk to forest minister Patangrao Kadam,\" he said.Vidarbha Sarpa Mitra Samiti chief Monu Singh said killing a snake invited same punishment as killing another wild animals in same schedule of WPA. Also, snakes found anywhere\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhether in forest or city\u00e2\u20ac\u201dare legally property of forest department. If department takes action against people catching, selling, or killing snakes then it must also pay compensation to victims.The basic purpose to protect snakes under WPA was to stop their poaching for skin or for commercial exploitation by snake charmers. Thousands of rat snakes, pythons, cobras, Russell's Vipers are killed and trapped for profits. \"The department takes action against snake abusers but does nothing to save wildlife property. If government doesn't want to pay compensation to snakebite victims then withdraw all snake species from the Schedule list,\" Singh demanded.\"Sarpa mitras are getting bad name but for a handful of miscreants but the department cannot brand all sarpa mitras as criminals. Paying compensation to snakebite victims and recognizing them are two different issues,\" Singh added.The samiti had met district collector, mayor and others but they were told there was no provision for damages to snakebite victims. It needs between Rs10,000 and Rs3 lakh to treat snakebite victims, depending upon species of snake involved, severity of bite and time when treatment begins. Most victims are poor farmers or agriculture labourers.There is no consensus on the matter between forest officials and the government. The samiti has now decided to file a PIL on compensation issue in the high court soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762417", "title": "Flights grounded again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As fog engulfed City Beautiful yet again on Tuesday, all flights operating from Chandigarh airport remained cancelled because of poor visibility at the runway.Airports Authority of India officials said visibility at the local airport was measured less than 500 metres on Tuesday as a result of which all civilian flights were cancelled at Chandigarh airport.Officials also added that even the Instrument Landing System (ILS) a?? a navigation aid required for easy landing of flights in poor visibility conditions, also fell flat again.Earlier on Saturday, all flights remained cancelled due to heavy fog. Even on Sunday and Monday, most of the morning flights at the Chandigarh airport remained cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762269", "title": "Distress ride for women commuters", "text": "BANGALORE: Public transport in Bangalore may not have been a site for crime like the recent New Delhi gang rape. But the same cannot be said of the city's autorickshaws.Auto drivers, in particular, are a law unto themselves. Instances of drivers misbehaving with women commuters are dime a dozen. In fact, in 1996, an autorickshaw driver even went to the extent of raping a British national, and was convicted.The SMS facility set up by the traffic management centre to receive complaints from autorickshaw commuters receives several from women. Traffic management officials say that of the 10-12 calls they receive every day, at least two are from woman commuters.\"Instances like women passengers being shouted at, abused in filthy language and asked to cough up extra fare are routine,\" said Vasant Bhagwat, sub-inspector in charge of the traffic management centre. Most of these calls, from harassed and abused women, come only after dusk.The centre plans to soon start monitoring calls to keep a check on the number of harassed women commuters calling up their helpline.In all the furore generated by the New Delhi gang rape, there is now talk of installing GPS. But autorickshaw drivers have successfully resisted having their vehicles GPS-enabled. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem confirmed that efforts in the past to get autos GPS-enabled have not gone beyond the drawing board.Transport commissioner KR Sreenivas said discussions have happened on installing GPS in autorickshaws. \"No city has implemented this till now. It requires a lot of investment. Delhi is about to introduce it. We will study the Delhi model and submit a proposal to the state government,\" he said.Sreenivas said making GPS mandatory may not need any legislative sanction.Traffic police are doing all they can to instill a sense of responsibility in the drivers' community. \"We conduct regular soft skills training classes for auto drivers. They are given important lessons on the way they must behave with passengers but it's really unfortunate that we continue to get calls from women passengers of being manhandled and threatened,\" regretted Saleem.Auto union leaders agree there is a problem and quite a grave one, when it comes to how drivers behave with women. They are at a loss on how to regulate the few rogue elements bringing the community a bad name.\"How do you track the movement of autos once they start off in a particular destination? We had asked traffic police to coordinate with us in maintaining records of autos. All police stations had to do was maintain a database of vehicle numbers and details of drivers who could be contacted for their whereabouts in emergencies,\" said M Manjunath, president, Adarsha Auto and Taxi Drivers' Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763126", "title": "A reunion for family, fans and ex-cricketers", "text": "Mohammed Hafeez's familyPakistan skipper Mohammed Hafeez had very special fans watching him play -- his two brothers and sister-in law. \"We obviously want Pakistan to win the series. We expect Hafeez to perform well,\" said Mohammad Riaz Karim, an elder sibling of the Pakistani skipper.Unlike many Pakistanis who couldn't get tickets, Hafeez's family had no trouble as they have a business visa to visit India. \"After Bangalore we will visit Ahmedabad for the second T20. Thereafter we go to Mumbai for business before we head back home,\" Riaz said.'Miss You Tendulkar'There was one lucky man -- Sudhir Kumar Gautham -- who had the privilege of carrying the tricolour. Disappointed by Sachin Tendulkar's retirement, Gautam, the Muzaffarpur fan who lives and breathes his icon and appears in India matches with the Mumbaikar painted all over him, cheered the Indian cricketers. But this time, his body carried hues of the tricolour and a message which said \"Miss you Tendulkar\". \"I am heartbroken to hear the news about the retirement. I met him after the England series and I heard the news while I was in the train, returning home,\" he said.Legends meetBefore the contest unfolded, it was meet and greet time for legends. Roger Binny and Kapil Dev, heroes of 1983 World Cup team, exchanged pleasantries and a hug in the media box. It was time for a trip down memory lane for others too including Pakistan's Wasim Akram and Ramiz Raja and India's very own Ravi Shastri and Madan Lal, who are all part of the TV commentary team. Also seen was chairman of selectors Sandeep Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762955", "title": "'Once Nirbhaya stabilizes, intestinal transplant is the only surgical option'", "text": "PUNE: An intestinal transplant is the last resort for patients with irreversible intestinal failure. The only surgical option with Nirbhaya - as TOI has symbolically named the gangrape victim in Delhi - is an isolated intestinal transplant which she will have to undergo after her condition stabilises. Sadly, there is no dedicated intestine transplant centre in India though there are 73 such centres the world over. However, not all of them are active.Intestinal transplant surgeon Anil Vaidya, who is currently the lead surgeon at the Oxford University Transplant Center for Intestinal Transplantation (UK), spoke to TOI about various issues revolving around intestinal transplant with focus on Nirbhaya's case. Vaidya, who hails from Pune, is in the city to visit his parents.How do you gauge Nirbhaya's health condition?The girl unfortunately has irreversible intestinal failure with perhaps ultra-short gut from gangrene of the small bowel. She would have to be fed via an intravenous route known as Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN). This would be administered through a large central vein with an in-dwelling venous catheter.When the small intestine is damaged (removed due to gangrene) or stops working (various other conditions) then nutrients are directly injected into the blood stream (intravenous or IV) in liquid form. This liquid form of nutrients is called TPN.What immediate steps should be taken to save Nirbhaya's life? Have you dealt with similar cases before?I have dealt with trauma as well as ischemic bowel caused due to restriction in blood supply leading to short gut syndrome. In fact, I have published a paper on trauma and intestinal transplant in the Journal of Trauma. She (Nirbhaya) has a few factors that need to be focused upon, if she would be deemed suitable for an intestinal transplant.The first most important factor is restricting the use of blood products. If she does need them, they have to be leucocyte-depleted (LD) - blood components sans white blood cells. This is an important factor that helps prevent sensitisation of her immune system to foreign antigens. This in itself will give her a better chance of accepting a transplant. Other factors include strict attention to detail of aseptic techniques on the use of the lines for TPN and a day to day analysis of her blood results in this acute period. Depending upon the length of remaining bowel, efforts should be made to decrease the acid content as well as the pancreatic juice content in the fluid.How is intestine transplant different/complicated from other organ transplants?Intestinal transplantation is different from other organ transplants due to reasons like the amount of lymphoid tissue that is transplanted with the organ. This predisposes the patient to occurrence of graft versus host disease (the intestine attacks the host).The lymphoid tissue consists of mesh-like areas of connective tissues within the body containing white blood cells. The lymphoid tissue operates to defend the body from infections, foreign materials and spreading cancer cells.Besides, rejection is more common in the intestinal graft. Rejection breaks down the intestinal barrier leading to bacterial translocation from within the lumen (inside space of a tubular structure, such as an artery or intestine) to the bloodstream and consequent life threatening sepsis. Therefore, monitoring of these grafts in the post-transplant setting is of paramount importance. This helps to predict rejection before it is too late.Where can the intestines required for a transplant be sourced from?Intestines are procured from a brain dead donor. A special technique for procurement is used. The cold ischemia time (time that the intestine is preserved) is critical. We like to keep it below 5 hours. The operation typically takes between 15-20 hours.There is also a question of 'loss of abdominal domain' in patients whose total small intestine has been removed for gangrene. Here, the abdominal cavity contracts and therefore over time there is no space in the abdomen to place these organs.We have developed a technique where we transplant the abdominal wall from the same donor. All patients have a 'stoma' (exterior opening of the distal end of the transplanted intestine) after the transplant. This is for access to monitor the intestine with routine surveillance endoscopy. We close the stoma (opening) at one year and the patient is then connected from the inside to come back to normal anatomy.Is there any other way of treating irreversible intestinal failure if intestine transplant is not available?There is no other surgical way of treating irreversible intestinal failure. TPN is a life saving therapy if the option for a transplant is not there. However, it has its drawbacks such as infections, thrombosis (formation of blood clot) and liver failure.Q How many intestine transplant centres are there in the world?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17763367", "title": "Baby girl, who was raped, dies in hospital", "text": "VADODARA: The two-year-old girl, who was allegedly raped by a house guest in Halol town of Panchmahal district last week, died at a hospital here on Monday night. The accused had tied up her hands and legs and raped her on December 21.The victim was admitted to SSG Hospital with severely damaged private parts. Her condition was critical from the time she was admitted to the hospital but she suffered an infection and developed septicaemia on Monday that led to her death.\"She was brought to SSG Hospital early on Saturday morning and we had put her on ventilator. Her condition deteriorated on Monday as her chest got filled with fluid,\" said Dr Rajeev Deveshwar, superintendent of the hospital.Police have added murder charges in the FIR registered against the accused, identified as Keshavraj Joshi, from Nepal.The girl was cremated in Halol. \"I have seen the protests over the gang rape in Delhi. But no one seems to be bothered about my two-year-old girl who died after being raped,\" the father said. \"No one from the government or even district administration has bothered to pay us a visit. My only request to the government is to hang the accused who committed such heinous crime,\" the father said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761626", "title": "Any amendment to law will not affect Delhi gangrape case", "text": "MUMBAI: The maximum sentence for rape in India is life sentence and a court in Delhi gave just that this October to a youth who had raped his mother earlier in the year. Activists and politicians, aghast at the gangrape in Delhi on a moving bus of a 23-year-old girl, stepped up their demand of death sentence as maximum punishment to rapists. But any amendment to law, if it does take place, will not affect the Delhi rapists as criminal law cannot be enforced retrospectively.Advocate and solicitor Swapnil Kothari said, \"In a nation with an entrenched bill of rights or a written constitution such as India, sentencing or conviction under an ex post facto legislation is usually prohibited, especially in the realm of criminal law. Hence, the Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill 2012 cannot be used as a punitive tool for the Delhi rapists as it has not passed the legislative muster.''Kothari said, \"The Indian government , despite its so-called progressive approach in reforming laws against rape, has retained the outdated verbiage of 'outraging' or 'insulting' the 'modesty' of women. It is time to do away with the patriarchal notions of 'modesty,' 'chastity' or 'virginity,' because sexual violence is a violation of women's dignity, sense of equality, sexual autonomy and bodily integrity.''Senior counsel Adhik Shirodkar and advocate Hitesh Jain said that the death sentence was no solution to curb the alarming rise in rapes. The death sentence, were it to be made the maximum punishment for rapists in the country, may not serve as a deterrent, they said. Jain said, \"Life sentence is applicable and permitted as the punishment for rape, yet it is awarded in few cases. More convicts must be sentenced to a rigorous life term-which now means till his/her death in jail. The prison term must be made to be served in solitary confinement.''Kothari said, \"Given that a rapist kills the soul and imbues a victim with deathless shame, criminal courts could fast-track the Delhi case.''A former Supreme Court judge cautioned against death sentence as the means to bring down rape counts, saying it may lead to more victims being killed as well after being raped. Murder is punishable by death sentence under law but a rape victim survivor cannot be allowed to be at the mercy of a rapist who may murder her as well, said a lawyer, adding that lawmakers would have to consider all factors before making rape punishable by \"hanging till death''.The LawSection 376 (Indian Penal Code) Punishment for rape* A person who commits rape shall be punished with imprisonment which shall not be less than seven years; or which may be life imprisonment; or up to 10 years* If the woman raped is his own wife and is not under 12, the rapist will get up to two years' imprisonment or be fined, or both* A police officer who rapes a woman in a police station or who is in his custody or a public servant or a hospital staff who rapes a women in his custody or a person who rapes a girl under 12 or rapes a pregnant woman, or men who commit a gang-rape are liable to be punished with minimum 10 years' rigorous imprisonment or up to life imprisonment, or fine or both* The law provides that the court may, for adequate and special reasons to be mentioned in the judgment, impose a sentence of imprisonment for a term of less than seven yearsSC SaysThe Supreme Court in the Ashok Kumar vs Haryana case in 2003, while dealing with a case of gangrape, held: Section 376(2)(g) embodies a principle of joint liability and the essence of that liability is the existence of common intention; that common intention presupposes prior concert which may be determined from the conduct of offenders revealed during the course of action and it could arise and be formed suddenly, but there must be a meeting of minds. It is not enough to have the same intention independently of each of the offender. In such cases, there must be criminal sharing, marking out a certain measure of jointness in the commission of offence.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763756", "title": "Toshali craft fair remains a crowd puller", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The 6th Toshali National Crafts Mela at Janata Maidan proved to be a big hit, as people turned up in huge numbers to visit different stalls and watch artistes perform.The food court, which offered a large array of cuisines, added to the spice.The stalls have been put up by a mix of people coming from all over India to sell their artifacts and specialty goods, but at the same time the locals also have been given a chance to showcase their designs. Almost all 300 stalls were teeming with visitors, keeping the shopkeepers busy throughout the day. Even stalls put up by artisans from outside India, like Nepal, Bhutan and Sri Lanka, received a good response.Rathna Wimal Aluthge, who displayed Batik printed kurtas, shirts, sarees and dress material from Sri Lanka, said the response was \"encouraging\".\"I have sold out almost all my stuff and there are another couple of days to go. People have loved my products as they are colourful, trendy, comfortable and stylish,\" he said.Ten Dorji, who has brought an array of Bhutanese handicrafts and textiles, said, \"Since this was my first visit to the fair, I am happy with the response. Though people ask more and buy less, they are very polite, happy and jovial. I would certainly love to come here again.\"Items on display at the fair are eco-friendly products, including gift items, decorative items, art metal ware, wood ware, home utility items, fashion jewellery, purses, hand crafted textiles and furnishing, furniture, floral decorations, brocade goods, hand printed textiles, shoes and chappals, leather products and scarves. Traditional artifacts and handloom products like Banarsi sarees, zari, zardozi, brocades, shawls, and woolens are also on display at the stalls. The 12-day long exhibition will conclude on Thursday.Bipin Shukla from Jharkhand has put up a stall with the latest kurtis and dress materials, which are priced between Rs 500 and Rs 1,500. \"These dresses would be perfect for the small get-togethers and daily outings. Pricewise, these are also very reasonable,\" said Priyanka Sahu, a visitor.The wood rangoli and wall hangings stall of Sunita Mehta from Rajasthan were interesting finds for the residents of the city. \"Wood rangoli is made with stones from Taiwan to attain the beautiful end product,\" said Mehta.There are many takers for Saharanpur furniture and carpets from Jammu and Kashmir, while one of the most unique stalls was the one on wood handicrafts from Uttar Pradesh. Deepak Singh, the artist, was not willing to divulge his trade secret but the products were doing brisk business.Foodies had a gala time at the food court, where leading hotels and restaurants of the city have been offering mouthwatering dishes starting from traditional Odia cuisines and roadside chatpatas.\"Tuesday being a holiday, the fair had over 50,000 visitors on the ground,\" said a senior officer of Odisha Tourism, organizer of the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17763384", "title": "Thieves steal donation box from Palitana temple", "text": "RAJKOT: Police have launched manhunt to nab the thieves who fled after stealing the donation box from Adishwar Bhagvan temple atop the mount Shetrunjaya in temple town Palitana on Sunday night.The empty box was later found near the temple.Meanwhile, Anandji Kalyanji Trust, which manages the temples at Mount Shetrunjay, has suspended six watchmen posted at the temple for security.Palitana is a pilgrimage place for Jain all around the world and about 10 lakh people visit the place every year. Manish Shah of the trust said they filed a complaint with the police and urged for better security to avoid a repetition of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765448", "title": "Indian IT in 2013: 7 things to know", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765412", "title": "Madhan Karky on cloud nine", "text": "Madhan Karky, son of poet and lyricist Vairamuthu is a a happy man and is on cloud nine with the success of his song this year. The young lyricist has thanked directors, music composers, producers and the media for making the year a memorable one.2012 has been a year of success for him as most of his songs have been well appreciated and have become hits. Few of the films in the year includes ' Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi', 'Naan Ee', 'Ponmaalai Pozhudhu', 'Mugamoodi', 'Thuppakki' and the recently released ' Kadal '.In a statement, he said he had penned lyrics for 35 songs in 14 films in 2012. \"Out of the 35, 15 were played frequently in radios, televisions and held top spots in many weekly countdowns,\" said Karky.\"Aska Laska ('Nanban') held the top spot in Singapore Tamil radio for one year, 'Vaayamoodi' ('Mugamoodi') and 'Google Google' ('Thupakki') held the top spot in most countdowns for over two months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763887", "title": "Auto driver arrested in teen molestation incident", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Tuesday arrested an auto-rickshaw driver in connection with the Sunday night's alleged molestation of a girl in an auto at Delta Square in the city. The two unidentified co-passengers, who attempted to rape her and threw her out of the moving vehicle, however, are still at large.The driver Suresh Mallick, a resident of Puri district, was nabbed from Baramunda area on Monday after the victim spotted him on the road. \"We had taken the girl with us for field verification. Suddenly she saw him passing by. We caught him immediately,\" said a police officer.DCP Nitinjeet Singh said the girl (19) was allegedly molested in Mallick's auto-rickshaw. \"The driver has admitted that the incident occurred in his auto, but claimed to have not identified the two co-passengers,\" Singh said. \"We would take him on remand for further questioning,\" the DCP said.Police said Mallick made several alibis to mislead them, though he later admitted that his auto was used in the crime. He first told police that he was not present in Bhubaneswar on Sunday and that he had gone to Puri that morning. In this connection he also mentioned the names of two bus employees known to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17763452", "title": "Narendra Modi to take guard for fourth innings today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While campaigning for a hat-trick of wins in the Gujarat assembly, chief minister Narendra Modi had asked voters to ignore all other candidates and vote only for him. He was, however, magnanimous in his victory on Tuesday after he was elected the BJP legislature party leader for the fourth time and decided to share some of the credit with his MLAs.\"If any newly elected MLA here believes that he won because of Narendra Modi then he is mistaken,\" he told the legislators one day before his swearing in ceremony. \"This win is not because of Modi's magic, but the result of hard work by the entire party.\" Leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, who was the specially appointed observer for the constitutional process, was also present at the function at the Gandhinagar town hall.\"Each and every party worker has dedicatedly worked, not only for elections but consistently through the last many years to develop trust with the people which has brought us this win,\" Modi added.Chief ministers of at least seven different states are expected to attend the grand swearing in at the Sardar Patel stadium in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Among them are J Jayalalithaa of Tamil Nadu, Parkash Singh Badal of Punjab, Manohar Parrikar of Goa, Jagadish Shettar of Karnataka, Shivraj Singh Chauhan of Madhya Pradesh, Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh and Arjun Munda of Jharkhand. Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray will also attend the ceremony.Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik is also expected to attend the ceremony. Other ministers will be sworn in on January 1 next year. Besides top BJP leaders like L K Advani , Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj , and Jaitley, spiritual leaders like Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and Morari Bapu are also expected to attend the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762219", "title": "Cabbie on the run after pushing woman off vehicle", "text": "KOLKATA: The taxi driver, who allegedly misbehaved with a lady passenger on Sunday in South Kolkata and threw her out of the cab, has gone missing. Police said that they could not trace the driver and blamed the faulty records of the motor vehicles. However, they have not given up. The hunt is on and the accused will be traced soon, a police officer said.The victim, who works for a media house in South Kolkata, on Sunday lodged a complaint with Lake police station. The woman, a resident of Tollygunge, told police that she took the cab from the intersection of AJC Bose Road and Park Street.\"After getting into the cab, she noticed that the driver had not turned the meter on. When she asked about the meter, the cabbie asked her to pay Rs 60 and she agreed. But soon she realized that the cabbie is driving the vehicle in a rash manner and she asked him to slow down the vehicle. The taxi driver ignored her warning. Even the cabbie asked her to get down when she protested,\" police said.The victim said in her complaint that when the cab reached Ballygunge Circular Road, she realized that the driver was drunk. \"I asked him to stop the cab, but the taxi driver did not pay heed. He drove at will till Mahanirban Road and pushed me off the taxi there,\" alleged the woman. The victim alleged that there the cabbie pushed her on the road off the cab.The victim rushed to the police station, where cops registered a case of attempt to murder and intimidation. The woman managed to provide the registration number of the cab but police are yet to find out the owner as the address recorded in the motor vehicles against the registration is incomplete. \"We are taking the help of taxi associations to track the cab,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761149", "title": "Industries vie to minimize energy consumption", "text": "INDORE: Industries, spread across the state, are busy finding out out variousways to minimize energy consumption without affecting their output, in a desperate bid to cut down operational costs. High power tariff, especially for the commercial users in the state, has been a matter of concern.Union government is also trying to encourage such industries by offering innovative schemes to them. The only thingThe schemes are applicable to major industrial units only, leaving alone the small-scale industries that form a large number of the industrial base in the state.Operations in-charge, Jaypee (Rewa), Om Prakash Ojha, said, \"We have fixed a target to save up to 8% of electricity by the end of the fiscal. It will be possible by increasing the combustion efficiency and trimming of the CP Impeller at our plant.\"Senior assistant manager, National Fertilizer (Guna), Paramjeet Kumar, said, \"We are looking at ways to save energy to the tune of Rs 3 crore per annum in the near future.\"\"We are doing a host of things to save energy at our plant. It has helped us increase our power utility factor and save our cost of operation by Rs 2-3 lakh per month. Now we want to take it to 0.99% by the fiscal-end,\" said Chief engineer, Rajaram Brothers (Mandsaur).General manager, operations, Khaitan Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (Khargone), A L Jain, said, \"We are aiming at save energy consumption upto 100 KW per day. If it happens so, it will help us save about Rs 10,000 per day. The only thing thatBut, being a small firm, we are not eligible for any kind of incentive from the centre.\"Talking to TOI, energy economist, Bureau of Energy Efficiency (New Delhi), K K Chakarvarty said, \"Under the national action plan, which was launched by the Prime Minister as part of the central government's climate change initiative, we have set energy conservation targets for the industries. Absolute energy conservation target has been given to the industries, as part of the initiative so as to ensure that energy was consumed efficiently. The scheme, which will be valid between the years 2012-15, we will be issuing energy savings certificates to the eligible industries which can be traded by them through power exchanges, located at Mumbai or New Delhi in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762825", "title": "Development works move at snail's pace", "text": "PUNE: Infrastructure development in the city was in the slow lane all through 2012 though the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) should get the credit of completing the task of preparing a Development Plan (DP) for the old city areas.As for the pending works, the civic administration, the ruling NCP-Congress alliance and the opposition are all pointing fingers at each other.For the failure of the NCP in the PMC, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had this to say: \"The NCP is the single-largest party in the PMC, but it is not in a majority. With a fractured mandate, we have our limitations...the situation would have been different if citizens had given us a full mandate. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, our party is in a majority and can take unilateral action... but in the PMC, we have to consult others before taking any step.\" NCP leaders is Pune continue to parrot Pawar's defence for their non performance.However, the opposition BJP is not ready to buy the argument. BJP city president Vikas Mathkari said, \"The NCP lacks the determination to push forward development works. Since February when the NCP-Congress came to power, not a single infrastructure project has been completed.\"JNNURM works incompleteMajor infrastructure works started by the PMC under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2005 remained incomplete in 2012 despite a reprimand from the state government to meet the deadline. The Centre has sanctioned 11 projects under the JNNURM and the PMC has completed four projects; work on five projects is 85% complete and the remaining two projects are over 70% complete. The civic body has utilized Rs 1,585 crore for these projects so far. The pilot BRTS, Baner subway, Sangamwadi road and sewage treatment plant are the four completed projects. The PMC has told the state government that the pending work of JNNURM will be completed before the March 2014 deadline set by the Union government. In 2013, the PMC plans to complete at least half of the projects.Amenities remain on paperThe PMC has miserably failed to execute the 1987 Development Plan (DP) in the past 25 years. Out of the 609 reservations earmarked for various civic amenities, the PMC has developed only 134, raising serious doubts about the entire exercise to achieve planned development of the city. The 609 reservations covered an area of around 1,000 hectare, of which the PMC has developed only 134 hectare. City engineer Prashant Waghmare said the PMC has no new initiatives to acquire land and in 2013 the backlog will be reduced to half.Roads meet dead endSince the standing committee of the PMC failed to take a call on widening of roads in the 23 merged villages, the civic administration approached the state government for a nod to the proposal. Roads in merged villages that fall within the PMC limits are to be widened by 50%, anticipating an increase in the number of vehicles in the future. In 2013, the civic administration hopes to start this work.In July, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar convinced land owners to accept cash compensation or Floor Space Index (FSI) in lieu of their land, which will be acquired for the ambitious Mutha-Mula riverside road project from Shivane to Kharadi. The civic administration had approved a 22-km six lane-elevated Shivane-Kharadi link road in 2007 to connect the east and west parts of the city. According to the administration, the project will now cost more than Rs 1,200 crore and the actual work would be started in 2013.The Congress party, meanwhile, opposed any proposal to give transfer of development rights (TDR) to the irrigation department in lieu of the proposed Mutha canal road linking Warje to the agriculture college. The plan is likely to result in a major controversy in 2013.Flyover plans anger activistsThis year, the PMC heavily favoured one solution to deal with rising traffic concerns -- build flyovers. Construction of one such structure has begun on Satara Road, three more have been planned near the College of Engineering and another one will come up at Swargate. These junctions are traffic-laden with heavy pedestrian movement. However, the logic to construct flyovers to ease congestion and sideline non-motorized options beats the civic body's comprehensive mobility plan approved by the general body. The plan aims at \"moving people safely and economically by emphasizing public transport and non-motorized transport\". But the civic administration and the elected representatives may back more flyovers in 2013 as a solution to traffic congestions. The PMC plans to start works on flyovers at Swargate, Balgandharva chowk, Null Stop, Alka Talkies, Simla office junction, Vetal chowk on Senapati Bapat road, Market Yard and Nehru road junctions. Two civic groups have approached the Bombay high court (HC) against flyovers plan and 2013 would be crucial in this regard.Water crisis worsens", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17762859", "title": "Sec 144 in Arunachal town as peace talks fail", "text": "ITANAGAR: Tension prevailed in Miao town under Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh for the third consecutive day on Tuesday following a group clash between Chakma refugees and indigenous Singpho residents over a plot of land on Sunday.The local administration on Monday initiated talks between leaders of both the parties to maintain peace in the area but as the efforts failed, the administration clamped prohibitory order under 144 CrPC.Violence erupted when a group of Chakma refugees who were asked to evict the land burnt down several houses of Singpho community who were also residing in the same plot.The legal owner of the plot is Thuing Singpho of M'Pen village who possesses of the Land Possession Certificate of the plot. Some Chakmas challenged the authenticity of the LPC in the Guwahati high court. However, it was rejected. Following a recent court order, ADC Miao directed the Chakma encroachers to evict the land by December 21 but the refugees declined to comply with it, official sources informed.After winning the battle in court, the local Singphos had constructed around 20 traditional huts at the said plot. However, on Sunday afternoon, a group of Chakmas burnt down the huts and allegedly fired gunshots and chased the Singphos from the area. Police arrived at the scene and brought the situation under control, sources informed.The situation worsened on Monday when Chakma refugees ransacked the entire town and looted shops. This was done after a shop belonging to a Chakma refugee was ransacked allegedly by the Singpho group. The Chakmas also attacked the house of one KG Singpho, a senior citizen of the town, sources added.Reports of Chakma refugees attacking various Singpho villages in and around Miao town have also surfaced. Small Singpho villages like Pisi, Lewang, Phup and Khagam have become vulnerable and there is growing fear that these villages could be attacked anytime.Chief minister Nabam Tuki on Monday expressed serious concerns over the situation and convened a high level meeting which was attended by the chief secretary, home commissioner and director general of police.Expressing concern on the clash between members of the two communities triggered by an order on land dispute by the high court, Tuki appealed for peace and bonhomie.He said violence is no solution to any dispute and called for dialogue in a congenial atmosphere. He also appealed people not to panic as the administration is in command of the situation.After reports of clashes between the two communities, the state government, under directions from the chief minister, has deployed additional forces of state police, paramilitary and army personnel in areas volatile to the situation.Tuki, who is in constant touch with the deputy commissioner and SP of the district, has informed that the situation was tense but under control.Parliamentary secretary for finance and information technology C C Singpho, who is also the local legislator of the area, parliamentary secretary for home Gadam Ete and senior police officials left Itanagar on Tuesday morning to monitor the situation and stabilize the tension.Minister for food and civil supplies Kamlung Mossang, is already in the area to take stock of the situation, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763736", "title": "BDA decides to implement RTPS Act", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar Development Authority has decided to implement Right to Public Service (RTPS) Act for housing plan approval process from January 1 at a time the government is planning to apply it in 31 other services.Though the authority has been disposing of plan approval requests within 60 days of application through its own bylaws, implementing the Act would mean imposing a fine on the erring officials. Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) decided to implement the new Act during the 123rd authority meeting on December 21.Under the present system, anyone applying for approval of a housing plan to the BDA gets it within 60 days, subject to fulfillment of requirements. If the BDA fails to dispose of the application before the deadline, the plan is deemed approved. \"In the changed system, there will be no deemed clause. Officers responsible will pay fines as per the Act,\" said BDA planning member Prashat Patnaik.According to the provisions, services covered under the Act have to be given within 60 days to the applicants. In case of non-compliance, the officers responsible would pay a fine of Rs 250 for each day of delay, up to a maximum of Rs 5,000. In the first phase, the government has identified 31 services of 11 departments to be covered under the Act from the New Year.BDA will calculate 60 days from the submission of completed application, relevant documents, affidavits, no objection certificates and undertaking and confirmation of land use pattern in accordance with the Comprehensive Development Plan and BDA (planning and building standards) Regulations, 2008.Realtors said implementation of the Act would not bring any difference to applicants. \"Applications are already disposed by BDA within 60 days, which is calculated from the day all conditions are fulfilled by the applicants to the satisfaction of the authorities. I don't think the Act will bring any change to service,\" said Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha president Pradipta Kumar Biswasroy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762604", "title": "Facebook forums: For netizens, it's online activism", "text": "GURGAON: \"After the recent gang-rape in Delhi, I don't just log on to Facebook for fun anymore. Instead, I'm using it as a tool to spread awareness among my friends,\" says Preeti Singh, a college student.From Kashmir to Kerala, India has witnessed massive protests against the gang-rape. While some are coming out on the streets to demand capital punishment for rapists, others are using Facebook, twitter among other social websites to vent out their anger. Many such pages on crime against women have recently been created on Facebook.While some are finding these helpful, some think online forums are not of much help.\"Instead of sending messages to thousands of people, you can get in touch with millions with just one click. It's a brilliant idea,\" says Kinni Singh Kaushik, who had called a protest at India Gate and managed to gather around 1,000 people.But Payal Jaggi, who has created a page, Action Against Rapists, thinks otherwise. \"The response is appalling. I had recently held a programme to distribute pepper spray cans to women for their safety but it was not well attended by those who actually 'liked' the cause.\" The page has been created to initiate action against rape of minors and to urge the government to form stringent laws, said the Gurgaon-based activist.Arvind Gaur, a director and a social activist, feels that such Facebook pages are playing an important role in keeping the cause alive. \"Youth are opting for different ways to express their anger. Some are coming on the streets, while some are spreading awareness through the Internet. Both the ways are important for present scenario. It also shows today's youth is socio-politically active which is a good sign,\" said Gaur.One such Facebook group is Gurgaon Girlcott with about 700 members. Richa Dubey, an activist and the founder of the group said success of such groups depends on how active people are on Facebook. The group works for safer Gurgaon and carries several programmes for the safety of women in Gurgaon.\"I can't be on the protest site daily as I am working with a private firm. But Facebook and twitter give me a chance to be a part of a very important cause. I am loving the era of 'online activism',\" says Vivek Gulia, a resident of Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762444", "title": "Fan dies of heart attack in stadium", "text": "BANGALORE: A cricket fan from Bangalore watching the India-Pakistan T20 international match died after suffering a massive cardiac arrest as the match headed to a high-adrenalin finish at the M Chinnaswamy stadium late on Tuesday night.The deceased has been identified as Kamal Jain, 46, a resident of Binny Mill area, off Magadi Road, and an employee of a textile company on Lalbagh Road. Kamal collapsed while watching the match. He was taken in a Hosmat ambulance from the stadium to Mallya hospital. Hospital's efforts to revive him failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762244", "title": "Rajarhat eco park opens on Dec 29", "text": "KOLKATA: Come December 29 and the much awaited Eco-tourism Park at Rajarhat-New Town - the dream child of chief minister Mamata Banerjee - will throw open its gates to the people. is all set to be thrown open for people who wants to spend some good leisure time under natural eco-friendly surroundings.Spread over 480 acre of land, including a 100-acre waterbody, the park that was developed by the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco), will be inaugurated by Mamata Banerjee. The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) has been working to develop this first of its kind eco-tourism park of the city.Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen said among the major attractions of the park are the Rabi Aranya, a tropical rain forest, bamboo forest and the butterfly garden. The entire park has been divided into 54 zones and each zone is dedicated to different types of forestry. The tropical rain forest zone will be a 9-acre plantation area divided in three parts, with each part having rare species of trees and plants. There will also be a vast green open space and a rose and herbs garden. The forest department is working to develop these gardens and forest zones.While Rabi Aranya will boast of artistic works on Rabindranath Tagore engraved on burnt clay, the park will have garden restaurants and a food park on an island in the middle of the waterbody. There will also be view galleries surrounding the waterbody. The entire park is being set up using eco friendly items and products.The entire waterbody is also being beautified.There will be rest rooms and sitting arrangements for visitors. Also, there will be small cottages surrounding the waterbody where handicraft products will be exhibited and there will be a playground for children.Though the CM had come up with the brilliant idea to draw tourists, it was Hidco that came with a plan to develop the area as an urban forest for both recreation and nature study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17767258", "title": "Dope, Olympic flop show mar Indian athletics in 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian athletics slumped to new depths of shame by producing the highest number of dope cheats while continuing the flop show at the Olympics in yet another dismal year.If 2011 was the year of worst doping scandals in Indian athletics involving six top quarter-milers, the year gone by brought another dubious low with the country producing the maximum dope cheats according to record books of the world governing body, the IAAF.On the field, there were expectations that the 14-strong contingent would fight for a medal in the London Olympics but their campaign ended in the usual disappointing manner.Most of them seemed to be just content making up the numbers and getting the Olympian tag.What the able-bodied could not do was, however, achieved by differently-abled Girisha Hosanagara Nagarajegowda, who clinched a silver medal in the men's high jump F42 event in the London Paralympics which were held just after the main Games.Girisha, who has an impairment in his left leg, sailed over a height of 1.74m in the final of the event to finish second behind Iliesa Delana of Fiji . Though Girisha's barefoot scissor leap matched that of gold medallist Delana, he had to settle for silver for taking more jumps. F24 event was meant for athletes with an impairment that affects their arms or legs.The 24-year-old son of a daily wage labourer from a little known town of Hosanagara in Karnataka became the toast of the country for a brief while with cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar describing him \"an inspiration\" for the people of the country.Elsewhere, the woes continued with the sports ministry asking the Athletics Federation of India to amend its constitution and re-conduct the polls under the Sports Code to three top posts in two month's time or face de-recognition.The unprecedented amount of money spent by the government for their foreign training and competition seemed to have gone down the drain as 14 athletes, except for two walkers, came up performances much below their personal best.K T Irfan punched above his weight in 20km race walk by finishing 10th with a national record and he was rubbing shoulders with the lead pack in the event for a large part of it. Basanta Bahadur Rana also created a national record in 50km race walk though he finished 36th.Only Krishna Poonia and Vikas Gowda could feature in the final round of women's and men's discus throw though the duo were well short of their personal best. They looked like shaping up well before the Olympics but failed to lift themselves during the greatest spectacle on earth.Poonia and Gowda created new national records in the run-up to the Olympics with the latter topping the IAAF top performers chart for a brief while early in the season.The seventh and eighth place finish gave Poonia and Gowda the distinction of only the sixth and seventh Indian track and field athletes to be in the final round of an Olympic event.The likes of Mayookha Johny, Tintu Luka and Om Prakash Karhana , who shattered a 12-year-old national record in shot put just before the Olympics, came a cropper.Renjith Maheswary was the worst as he returned with three foul attempts in the men's triple jump. Sahana Kumari brought up the rear in the women's high jump.The poor performance of the Indian athletes led to the AFI mulling over participation by only 'A' standard achievers in Olympics besides also making special efforts to groom walkers for possible medals in future.London no-show was no surprise as India are the perennial laggards in athletics at world stage. But what came as a shock was the country heading the IAAF list of dope cheats with 40 returning positive in the tests conducted by the IAAF and NADA in the last three years.India has never won an athletics medal in the Olympics with just seven athletes having reached the final round of an event but it beat the top-ranked nations in doping with the country contributing 40 out of 204 dope cheats worldwide.The list includes the likes of double Asian Games gold medallist Ashwini Akkunji who are now serving a two-year ban for doping.A NADA disciplinary panel had handed a lenient one-year ban on the six quartermilers, including Akkunji last year, on the ground that they did not know that the food supplement they took contained prohibited substance.That raised hopes that they could qualify for the London Olympics. But on appeal by the IAAF, the Court of Arbitration for Sports ruled, just a month before the London Olympics, that they should be banned for two years provided under the rules. They will now serve the ban till June-July next year.The AFI drew flak for the London show as well as for the dope menace but another blow came to it at the fag end of the year with the Sports Ministry's notice.The ministry was not happy with a provision in AFI Constitution that only an existing member of the Executive Committee should seek election to the post of President/Secretary. It also directed the AFI to re-conduct elections for the post of president, secretary and treasurer within a period of 60 days, or 28 February 2013, whichever is earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766062", "title": "Mahadev has quality and entertainment: Nikhil Sinha", "text": "Nikhil Sinha's mythological soap Devon Mein Dev Mahadev Mahadev has won lot of accolades and is the no one show on Life OK.On being asked why it worked and why people of all age groups love to watch it he says, \" \"Mahadev has erased the class distinctions. There is a huge difference between the class audience and the mass audience and this show has erased the gap. This is the biggest achievement for us. The show is running since the past nine months and people have loved it. Mahadev has quality and entertainment in it and it doesn't disappoint the viewers. The viewers have supported the show from the very beginning and we will keep going better and better.\"\"The story of Shiv's life has not been told this way before. The storyline, production values and casting has worked in the favour of the show. The story has been very contemporary and first time mythological story is told this way,\" said Sinha.\"Lots of youth audiences are avid watchers besides regular audiences. The feedback has been very motivating. Audiences are not missing even a single episode. TRP's are icing on the cake.\"We agree with you Nikhil and your show's success has paved way for everyone to make more mythological shows!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17761491", "title": "Virbhadra takes over as CM for 6th time", "text": "SHIMLA: Virbhadra Singh took oath as the sixth chief minister of Himachal Pradesh amid a carnival-like atmosphere at the Ridge maidan on Tuesday morning, cheered on by a sea of supporters flaunting the traditional green-striped cap.The political veteran reached the venue with his wife Pratibha Singh and other family members along with thousands of supporters dancing to traditional folk music, blowing of trumpets, beating of drums and chanting of slogans. Four display screens were put up in the town to facilitate people to view the ceremony.The people had begun streaming in as early as 5 am to grab a place to view the oath-taking. By the time he took oath as chief minister for the record sixth time at 10.43 am, the venue was packed to capacity right till Scandal Point.People had come from far-flung areas of the state to see Virbhadra take oath. \"We have heard that he will retire after this term. He has dominated the state politics by ruling the hearts and minds of people. He is our true leader,\" said Devi Ram who had come from Gadagusheni in Banjar.At 10.40 am when chief secretary Sudripta Roy started the proceedings, the entire maidan resounded to slogans like \"Raja nahin faqir hai...himachal ki taqdir hai...\". Finally, he had to request his supporters to keep quiet.Governor Urmila Singh administered the oath of office to Virbhadra Singh and nine cabinet ministers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vidya Stokes, Kaul Singh Thakur, G S Bali, Sujan Singh Pathania, Thakur Singh Bharmouri, Mukesh Agnihotri, Sudhir Sharma, Prakash Chaudhary and Dhani Ram Shandil.Later, chief minister Virbhadra Singh administered the oath of office and secrecy to three chief parliamentary secretaries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Neeraj Bharti, Rajesh Dharmani, and Vinay Kumar.\u00e2\u20ac\u201d at state secretariat.Septuagenarian Maya Ram, who had travelled from Bhatseri in Sangla, clad in traditional Kinnauri attire, said, \"We have been in Shimla since three days as we wanted see the oath-taking.''Terming Virbhadra as a messiah of the deprived and a leader of masses, Layak Ram, a youth accompanying him, said, \"We are very happy to see him as CM of the state again and expect more development under him.\"Lal Singh and Surji Devi, who had travelled from the faraway Majholi in Kupvi, said, \"We are here to celebrate the win of our leader, We would not have missed it for anything.\"The over-200 security personnel deployed for the function had a tough time as people jostled to get a glimpse of the leader, garland him and shake hands with him. DSP, traffic, Puneet Raghu, said, \"With increase in traffic due to the ceremony and Christmas festivities, we had a tough time managing the traffic.\"\"Dancing like crazy to mark the victory of our leader, that too at Scandal Point is an exhilarating experience. This is our way of showing the world that we have voted for a change,\" exclaimed a Congress supporter, Manoj Kanwar.Happy over the boost to his business, restaurant owner Vikas Sood said, \"The crowd that swarmed Shimla for the oath ceremony is similar to what we witness on a festive occasion.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762410", "title": "60 students picked for rape protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than 60 students of Panjab University (PU) were taken into police custody outside Governor House on Tuesday as they shouted slogans demanding death sentence for all the accused in Delhi gang rape case.Students, including girls, started their protest march from the university and reached Governor House within an hour.Governor House falls in the category of VVIP area. As the protesters raised slogans, more than 80 policemen headed by two DSPs - Ashish Kapoor and Vijay Kumar - were rushed to the spot.Eight SHOs were also immediately summoned on the spot to handle the protesters.Madhuri Sharma, a PhD student in PU, said, \"It was a peaceful protest march and we were ready to return after submitting an agenda with the governor but cops unnecessarily took us into custody.\" DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said youths were taken into custody keeping in view the law and order situation and all of them were released after completing legal formalities. He said no case was registered against them and a simple DDR was lodged at Sector 3 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763648", "title": "Majority wants death in new rape law", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Following a public notice inviting suggestions for Justice J S Verma committee constituted to review rape laws by the Union government on December 23, social activists and civil society members are offering diverse responses.\"I feel the committee should consider death penalty for rapists. I am saying this with all responsibility being the head of an institution where over 5,000 girls study and not as a hasty reaction to the recent incidents of rape in the country,\" said Sanghamita Khuntia, principal of RD Women's College in the city. \"Nothing less than death penalty will be deterrent enough for rapists. Rape is a bigger crime than murder from a woman's point of view,\" she added.Sharat Das, state secretary, Students' Federation of India, however, feels the review should focus more on implementation of rape laws rather than increasing the quantum of punishment. \"Whatever sentence is there under the IPC is alright, but there is a need for reform in the trial process of rape cases. Women have to face a lot of harassment as the cases linger on for years. Trial of rape cases must be in dedicated fast track courts. The committee should be more sensitive to the plight of victims,\" Das said. Earlier this week, the SFI had undertaken a huge public rally in the state capital in protest against the gang rape in Delhi and Bhubaneswar.Pradip Pradhan, an RTI activist, harbours similar views. \"I will write to the commission seeking separate fast track courts to deal with sex-related offences against women. Not only rape, all sex offences such as eve teasing, molestation and harassment of women should be dealt with in such courts. It should be mandatory to post a fixed percentage of women in these courts to ensure that the victims are dealt with more sensibly,\" Pradhan said.Sections of people think the commission should extend its purview to direct the government towards a more social approach to sexual offences. \"Whatever stringent punishment is given to culprits, I don't think rapes can be prevented unless there is social change. It is a social problem. The commission should try to find a social solution,\" said Rabi Behera, president of Samajwadi Party state unit.The Verma committee has invited people to offer their views by January 5 by email at justice.verma@nic.in or fax at 01123092675. At present, the Indian Penal Code (IPC) Section 376 provides maximum life imprisonment for sexual assault.The three-member commission is scheduled to submit its report within 30 days. Former Himachal Pradesh chief justice Laila Seth and former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam are other members of the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761722", "title": "Angry women pitch for Botsa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s resignation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Angry Hyderabadis demanded Pradesh Congress Committee chief Botsa Satyanarayana's resignation and strong disciplinary action for saying women should not venture out in the night in view of the brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in New Delhi that has sparked the biggest-ever nationwide protests.While the victim is battling for her life and people across the country praying for her recovery, the PCC chief, rather oblivious to the sensitive issue on Monday, said women should not venture out after dark just because India achieved freedom at midnight.Already fuming over the gang-rape, in which the woman was beaten up, stripped and thrown out of a moving bus, denizens said Botsa should resign.\"He should step down immediately. It is the responsibility of our leaders to ensure that women like me can move around the city safely at any time of the day or night, instead of telling us to stay indoors,\" said Tejasvi M, a city-based dancer and model.Tejasvi, 21, is one among hundreds of Hyderabadi women who, owing to their erratic work schedule, is compelled to travel at odd hours, often at great risks.\"I often work till late in the night and have no choice but to commute post-sunset,\" she said.Once television channels flashed his comments, Botsa called a second press conference and apologized for the statement and said he was withdrawing it, but the damage was done by then and people were seething with anger.Expressing their disgust over Botsa's `moral policing', denizens said he should be immediately dismissed.\"Such outrageous statements are unexpected of people holding responsible positions. It is about time that the leadership of prominent political parties reassessed the perception of their party members on important issues such as women's rights etc,\" said Sunitha Krishnan, a social activist.She feared that if people like Bosta occupied prominent posts in the government, ordinary citizens would have little security in India.Predictably, the angered lot demanded that Botsa make way for people with a little more compassion.\"The Congress high command has made tall claims about a fast trial in the case and stringent action against the perpetrators. Now it remains to be seen what action it takes against their party member for making such a ridiculous comment,\" said Shashank Rajwadi, a representative of the National Alliance for Peoples' Movement.Lashing out at the state leader further, he said Botsa had no moral right to pass a judgment on how a woman should conduct herself considering he himself is facing corruption charges.The anguish expressed by people sums up the mood of the city that is far from calm. Such statements, denizens say, only highlight how shallow the tall claims of leaders about treating men and women equally, actually are.Times ViewWhat unfolded in the national capital last week only goes on to highlight the sloppy law and order situation haunting India's commoners, especially women. At such a time when the country is seething over atrocities against the fairer sex and making vociferous demands for a change in the archaic laws, it is unfortunate that our policy makers are passing such unsavoury comments that are sure to further anger protesters. As citizens, we would instead want them to step out and reassure people that they would take strict measures against such offenders and work towards making India's streets safer for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17762254", "title": "Candles of hope in the despair of dark", "text": "BANGALORE: There is no let-up in the outpouring of rage over the New Delhi gang rape. On Tuesday evening, India Against Corruption (IAC) activists and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) workers organized a candlelight protest at the Town Hall empathizing with Nirbhaya, the rape victim.The activists also condemned Delhi police action against protesters on Sunday. \"Delhi police has to be told that people protesting are doing it peacefully and there was no need for violence. We pray the victim is alright,\" said Chandan Bhagat, an IAC activist.Over 100 people joined the protest, demanding the government ensure the safety of women. Their candles lit up the evening. \"I'm here to tell every woman that she is not alone, we are with you,\" said Kavya Rao, a student from BMS College for Women.The demonstrators felt women must come forward with their problems as many incidents go unreported. \"Women should stop feeling scared. Men should understand the problems a woman goes through. A victim should get a new life and we are here to support her,\" said Sahana Angadi, an AAP worker.\"We want the government to set up more fast-track courts and give special security for women in buses and autos, along with GPS. The police should set up a 24x7 helpline exclusively for women to report incidents and seek assistance for any problems,\" said Kundan Singh, an organizer and corporate banker.There was a vociferous demand for severe punishment to rapists. \"Along with capital punishment, rapists should give compensation for the girl's treatment. Why should they be spared?\" asked Adarsh Kumar, student, Seshadripuram College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762267", "title": "Modern abattoir runs into opposition from legislator", "text": "CHENNAI: The modernised Perambur abattoir, completed in November last year, has run into rough weather. An AIADMK legislator has opposed its opening, saying the livelihood of 3,000 families who depend on the existing slaughterhouse would be affected. This has put the AIADMK-led Chennai Corporation council in a spot, say sources.A private firm, Hind Agro Industries Limited, converted the old slaughterhouse into a modern abattoir at a cost of 48 crore under a design, build, operate and transfer model in November 2011.V Neelakandan, MLA of Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar constituency where the abattoir is located, said he would not let it be opened. \"The modernised abattoir will only benefit the private firm which has its agenda, including exporting meat. There is no transparency in the tender awarded by the previous DMK-led council,\" he said.But corporation officials are worried about the pathetic conditions in which butchers work at existing slaughterhouse. A recent TOI report highlighted how butchers work, standing barefoot in ankle-deep water mixed with urine, faeces and animal blood. A senior official said: \"There is no point seizing rotten meat brought from other states when the slaughterhouses here operate in unhygienic conditions. But we are unable to open the modern abattoir due to political pressure.\"Refuting Neelakandan's allegations, Hind Agro general manager M S Hakak said, \"Meat is more expensive in Chennai than in other cities. We will not get any profit even if we export.\" He also denied that the livelihood of butchers would be affected. \"We will use the slaughterhouse for eight hours, the butchers can use it for eight hours and the remaining eight hours can be used for cleaning,\" he said.In 2009, the civic body awarded a contract to Hind Agro Industries Limited to covert the old slaughter houses into a modern abattoir. According to the contract, the firm has to pay 40 lakh per year to the civic body and this amount will increase by 5% every year.At the new abattoir there is a capacity to slaughter 250 small and 60 large animals in an hour, there are resting places for animals as well as facilities for ante-mortem inspecti-on, dressing and washing of ca-rcasses. Besides, there are hoo-ks to hang carcasses and edible offal as well as facilities to segregate sick animals and solid waste management facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761082", "title": "Delhi gang rape: \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGovt has no connect with GenNext\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: New-age protests, spontaneous and often apolitical, are proving a severe test for Congress with insiders dubbing the Centre's handling of the agitation over the Delhi gang-rape as a failure of political and administrative management.The police action and lockdown of India Gate following the mass protests over the rape that has left the 23-year-old victim battling for life saw Congress leaders, office-bearers and ministers criticizing government managers for an inadequate response.The verdict in the party is that government failed to connect with young people who were moved by a genuine concern and did not necessarily have political affiliations. \"This was different from other agitations. And we should have connected with them faster,\" minister for water resources Harish Rawat said.The sentiment found a wide reflection among Congress leaders who wondered at the government not having devised a more sophisticated response despite being rocked by protests led by Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev since early 2011.\"We have come up short every time,\" said a minister who pointed out that home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's poorly articulated response to the protests only made matters worse. The minister's choice of words and phrases, although not ill-intentioned, were wholly inadequate.As the protests took on an anti-Congress hue, the government came across as working from behind police lines rather than engaging protestors. \"At least one leader should have had the courage to come out and talk to protestors. Why are we so scared,\" said a functionary.If Congress is faltering in the face of new forms of mobilization, the problem seems to lie in its lack of understanding of the changed paradigm in an age where social media sets the agenda.Contrary to known political rivals taking to the streets over predictable political issues, free agents like college and school goers are coming out in anger over concerns like safety of women and corruption.The shift was first evident when Hazare's call against corruption brought out thousands onto the streets of India's cities. Despite Congress alleging a saffron hand, there was no diminution of public participation. Both Ramdev and activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal have managed to hold the popular imagination.The gruesomeness of the assault on Delhi's rape victim became a trigger point for rising anger over poor safety and failing urban governance. A minister, who said the incident had left him horrified, maintained that the public reaction was justified.\"Governments now have short reaction time. They have to learn to engage with mobs, and they cannot be treated like hoodlums contrary to police training. Above all, governments would do better to pre-empt such protests by taking action on potential trigger points, like security for women, service delivery, power situation,\" a leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761362", "title": "Now, a golf premier league in India", "text": "MUMBAI: This seems to be the season of professional sports leagues. Cricket excluding, of course. After the Hockey India League (scheduled from Jan 14 to Feb 10, 2013), the Indian Badminton League (June-July 2013), and the Indian Wrestling League (November 2013), it's now the turn of golf.It has been learnt that a franchisee-based golf league, with some of the world's top golfers in attendance, will be held in the first week of February 2013. The picturesque Aamby Valley has been chosen as the venue to host the first-of-its-kind event, which is being promoted by former golfer Neeraj Sareen's event management firm, Sports Mantra.To be called Golf Premier League (GPL), the event will be co-sanctioned by the Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI) and will have an IPL-style auction.Sources said there will be nine franchises/teams, who will take part in the auction which is likely to be held sometime in the later part of January. Some of the world's top golfers, the best names from Asia, Indian golfers who regularly ply their trade on overseas Tours, and the cream of talent from India's domestic Tour (PGTI) will be part of the auction process.Sareen confirmed the development, but refused to divulge the details. \"We will shortly be holding a press conference, where we will announce everything. But I can tell you that it will be a huge thing for Indian golf. Some of the world and Asia's top golfers will be seen in action, alongside the best from India,\" was all Sareen was willing to reveal.With a hefty prize purse of $400,000, the GPL will be easily India's richest golf event. \"It will be something that Indian fans have never witnessed before. We hope that it will be the best New Year gift for golf in India,\" Sareen promised. We shall wait for the official announcement. Watch this space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762834", "title": "Petition seeking stay on Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission selection list adjourned by HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has adjourned the petition seeking a stay on the provisional selection list of Group II examination conducted by the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC).In her petition, S Gomathi Nayagam of Keelakalangal village in Tirunelveli district alleged that the TNPSC did not implement the 20 per cent reservation for Persons Studied in Tamil Medium (PSTM) category properly.The petitioner, who is one among the PSTM candidates, said the TNPSC issued a notification inviting applications for direct recruitment to various posts under Group II examination, in which it had been stated that as per GO 145 dated 30-9-2010, the government had made a policy decision to fill up 20 per cent of all vacancies in direct recruitment on preferential basis to PSTM candidates.The TNPSC, which conducted the examination on July 30, 2011, had published the tentative selection lists for appointments to interview posts and non-interview posts on October 9, 2012 and November 20, 2012. As per GO 145, in the category of interview posts, 121 persons and in non-interview posts 94 persons should have been selected. But only 78 and 30 persons have been selected respectively for the posts of interview and non-interview. It shows that GO 145 was not correctly implemented, according to the petitioner.When the petition came up for admission before Justice V Ramasubramanian, the Judge ordered notice to the secretaries of personnel and administrative reforms and TNPSC and posted the matter by two weeks.The judge also said in his order that if any appointment is was made, it would be subject to the orders to be passed in the writ petition. And the candidates selected cannot claim equity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17765083", "title": "At 78, Dharmendra hits the gym again", "text": "He was the first he-man of Hindi cinema. His chiselled physique sent women swooning. Now Dharmendra , who turned 78 this month, has hit the gym big-time again. The idea is to make all the three Deol men\u00e2\u20ac\u201dpapa Dharam and sons Sunny, Bobby-- equally fit at the same time.Says Dharamji, \"I've always been physique conscious. I was known as the first hero to go shirtless. With me the paunch went out of style. When I went bare-chested in Phool Aur Pathar it wasn't fashionable to show your physique on screen. I had the body, so I showed it. Now, of course a great physique is a given for stardom.\"While the scion of the Deol family has been hitting the gym regularly, elder son Sunny Deol too is very health-conscious. It's the younger son Bobby who is lethargic about physical fitness.Dharamji has been urging Bobby to become a regular at the gym, so that the two of them would be physically well-matched together when they begin shooting for their film together next year.Informs Dharamji, \"It's a film titled Cheers . Sangeeth Sivan who has just directed Yamal Pagla Deewana 2 with me, Sunny and Bobby would be directing Cheers with me and Bobby on the lead. It's a father-son story with a lot of dramatic conflict. The son feels he has been neglected by his father. There's a lot of emotional give-and-take in the script.\"Elements from his real-life relationship with his sons would be taken in Cheers . However, Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 is an out-and-out escapist fare with no bearing to real life.Says Dharamji, \"It's a completely mad film. Sunny, Bobby and I had great fun shooting it in London. We had to make sure that the sequel went ahead of the first film. The characters are the same. But the plot is completely different.\"During the three months that the Deols shot for Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 in London there were four birthday celebrations.Says Dharamji joyously, \"It was like a never-ending party. \"The film's director Sangeeth Sivan celebrated his birthday. So did the film's cinematographer Neha (who's the first female cinematographer in Hindi cinema), then my son Sunny and finally me...we all had our birthdays during the shooting in London. I've come back feeling very positive about the film. We worked like a family. For me as well as my sons, it's very important to feel at home when working. Otherwise we tend to get distracted and uncomfortable. So many directors who have worked with us have gone on to make it big with other banners. We wish them all the best. For us the people we work with are precious.\"Dharamji says he feels he's just starting out at 78. \"There's so much I want to do, so many things remain to be done. Fortunately my children are all settled down. Even Esha got married and is happy with her husband. I couldn't ask for more in life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17766781", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Delhi Police commissioner writes to home ministry refuting CM's charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under attack from chief minister Sheila Dikshit , Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Wednesday wrote to the home ministry rebutting charges that police had interfered when a magistrate was recording the statement of Delhi gang rape victim.In his letter, Kumar refuted the allegation that police had forced a questionnaire on the sub divisional magistrate who recorded the statement of the rape victim and had refused its videography.The police commissioner said it was police which had insisted that the statement of the girl be recorded as her condition was getting worse with every passing day.Kumar also said investigation was the job of the police and it was doing its best to get justice to the victim.Earlier, Dikshit shot off a letter to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde citing a communication to her by deputy commissioner (East) B M Mishra that SDM Usha Chaturvedi had complained that senior police officials' interfered while she was recording the statement of the victim.Meanwhile, the home ministry on Wednesday said it has decided to take \"immediate appropriate action\" on the controversy.\"The home ministry has received Delhi chief minister's complaint letter as well as a letter from the police commissioner refuting the charges. The ministry has taken note of the two letters and decided to take immediate appropriate action,\" an official said without elaborating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17760957", "title": "No pact with Yeddyurappa for Karnataka polls: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said it would have no truck with BJP renegade B S Yeddyurappa as it prepares for Karnataka elections to revive the mood after defeat in Gujarat.Madhusudan Mistry, AICC in-charge of Karnataka, told TOI, \"We will have no direct or indirect pact with Yeddyurappa. He is BJP's problem. We are banking on our preparations to win the state.\"The statement comes amid optimism in Congress ranks that it stands a good chance to win the April poll owing to BJP's abysmal governance record and corruption issues.Mistry said, \"We will win this time. We are better equipped and the leadership is united. Chikamagalur by-election showed the trend.\" Congress won the by-poll in March, defeating BJP in the seat vacated by then chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda though it also benefitted from the rebellion of Yeddyurappa.The symbolism of dislodging BJP's first government in south India is also being weighed in terms of its larger political message ahead of 2014 national polls. Congress managers see Karnataka polls as their best chance to revive the mood, which has stayed alive with the decisive victory in Himachal Pradesh amid the expected debacle in Gujarat.Congress circles are relieved that the party won the hill state to avert a washout that could have been debilitating in the already pervasive mood of defeat after the disappointment of UP, Punjab and Goa in March.Post-Karnataka, Congress will head into difficult end-of-the-year polls in Rajasthan, MP, Chhattisgarh and Delhi. These battles are seen as tough, with Congress the incumbent in northern states while being organizationally weak and divided in central states after losing them consecutively to BJP in 2003 and 2008.Karnataka has seen a saffron rollercoaster, with three chief ministers in five years combined with poor record on governance and corruption. The saffron camp is also handicapped by the absence of Bellary's Reddy brothers who boosted the party performance last time but are mired in corruption cases. Yeddyurappa's rebellion has handed another advantage to the challenger.For Congress, Yeddyurappa's breaking away has a grim parallel with Gujarat, Mistry's home state, where Keshubhai Patel's mutiny failed to lift the Congress. \"We had no understanding with GPP (of Keshubhai) and there is no need for a pact with Yeddyurappa,\" the AICC leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17763562", "title": "New York killer set trap for firefighters", "text": "NEW YORK: A New York man, who shot dead two firefighters and injured as many, had spent 18 years in prison for beating his grandmother to death with a hammer. William Spengler, 62, burnt down a house and car in Webster on Monday and as firefighters reached the scene to put out the blaze, Spengler shot at them.Webster police chief Gerald Pickering told reporters that police lieutenant Michael Chiapperini, 43, and Tomasz Kaczowka, 19, a 911 dispatcher for Monroe County were killed by Spengler, who was armed with rifles.Pickering said police had exchanged fire with Spengler, who later died of a self-inflicted gun shot wound to the head.He added that initial investigation revealed that Spengler had set a trap for the firefighters but did not say what the motive behind the shooting could have been. Two other firefighters were wounded in the shooting. Their condition is said to be stable.Pickering said Spengler had \"quite a lengthy criminal history\" and was arrested and charged in 1980 for killing his grandmother Rose Spengler.He served time till 1998 in a New York state prison and was released on parole. Spengler had \"several different types of weapons\" on him and \"at least a rifle was used\" to shoot the first responders. Looking at Spengler's history, Pickering said he was an individual \"who had a lot of problems and certain mental health issues were involved. We are still trying to find out what set him off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763174", "title": "Rising decibel levels shattering Visakhapatnam's serenity", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: For N Pydiraju of Gnanapuram, life has been literally deafening since the last two years all thanks to the modernisation of Visakhapatnam Airport. The 16 flights (32 take-offs and landings) operating from the airport every day are making life a pretty ear-shattering affair for those living near areas like Gnanapuram, Convent Junction, Gajuwaka and other localities in the airport vicinity.With the direction of the runway being changed and most aircrafts flying low during take off and landing, the high decibel drone is not just shaking up residents of these areas but the foundations of many buildings as well, says Pydiraju, who has developed hearing problems.But its not just residents of Gnanapuram or Kancharapalem that are victims of noise pollution. There has been an overall rise in the decibel levels in Vizag with over 50% of residential colonies hit by high noise levels, warn officials of Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB).ENT specialists too report an increasing number of people with hearing disorders turning up for treatment. \"On an average, we get about 10 such cases in a month as compared to 2 to 3 patients about five years ago,\" said ENT specialist Naveen Kumar.Lack of proper town planning and increasing vehicular traffic are the main culprits, APPCB sources explained. As per estimates, there are 4.5 lakh vehicles plying the roads in Visakhapatnam apart from the floating traffic and vehicles plying on NH-16.According to APPCB officials, the maximum permissible limits range between 70-75 decibels for industrial zones, 65-60 decibels in commercial areas, 45-55 decibels in residential areas and between 40 and 50 in silence zones that includes hospitals, district court.However, APPCB field scientists reveal that nowhere are decibel levels within the permissible limits. While in industrial zones, the noise levels at times touch 100-110 decibels, in commercial areas it goes beyond 80 decibels on a regular basis and in residential areas it ranges between 60 and 75.Most importantly, even silence zones are not spared by noisy and aggressive motorists. Noise pollution is a big menace near the King George Hospital junction where excessive honking of horns by motorists is creating a major problem for recuperating patients.P Raghunatha Rao, who was once admitted in a private hospital in Maharanipeta opposite the collectorate said, \"Being in hospital is bad enough. On top of it the noise pollution made the one week stay at the hospital hell.\"V K Sarma, an old timer noted, \"Most of the guys on two-wheelers or four-wheelers have no traffic sense. Everybody seems to be in a tearing hurry to reach their destinations causing jams even on the widest of roads and indulging in incessant honking.\"Officials in the city planning section of Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) said that the problem was accentuated by lack of a clear distinction between commercial and non-commercial zones. Sometimes when a large commercial establishment is set up, heavy vehicles such as buses are diverted through residential areas.One of the best examples is Muvvalavanipalem (MVP Colony), which was once touted to be the best and largest residential colony in Visakhapatnam. But now, it wears the look of a typical coastal Andhra trading town with almost every other home housing commercial establishments.Apart from the rising number of vehicles, festivals and private late night parties are other reasons for the rising noise pollution levels. \"We get a lot of calls from people during festivals like Vinayaka Chavithi, Dussehra and Christmas to complain about the blaring music blasting away from loud speakers. However, this year we could control the situation partly by ensuring that these people play music only within an allotted time frame,\" said a police official.But the authorities express their helplessness in curbing the menace. Sources in the city police department said, \"Though RTO and our department try to do our best, rules are usually flouted. For us to take people to task would be difficult considering the sheer number of violators.\"With the authorities finding it tough to implement the law and the general public openly displaying their love for noise, people who wish to lead a peaceful life in the heart of the city might find it a tad difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17765927", "title": "Narendra Modi begins 4th innings as Gujarat CM", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi , who led the BJP to an emphatic victory in the assembly elections, was today sworn in as Gujarat chief minister for the fourth time.He was administered the oath of office and secrecy by Governor Kamla Beniwal at an impressive ceremony at Sardar Patel Stadium.Modi was sworn in along with seven ministers of Cabinet rank and nine Ministers of State.Nitin Patel, Anandi Patel, Raman Vora, Bhupendrasinh Chudasama, Saurabh Patel, Ganpat Vasawa, Babhbhai Bokhiariya took oath as Cabinet ministers, while Purshottam Solanki, Parbat Patel, Vasuben Trivedi, Pradeepsinh Jadeja, Liladhar Vaghela, Rajnikant Patel, Govind Patel, Nanubhai Vanani and Jayanti Kavadiya took oath as Ministers of State.A galaxy of top BJP leaders and those of its allies were present.Those in attendance included BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, senior leader L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, party's leaders in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha respectively, chief ministers of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his Chhattisgarh counterpart Raman Singh.The presence of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , added grist to speculation about a possible realignment of her AIADMK with BJP-led NDA.Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal, Indian National Lok Dal leader Om Prakash Chautala, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, his cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray , RPI leader Ramdas Athawale were also present.As expected, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, who has been keeping distance from Modi, as also his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi, were conspicuous by their absence.However, Bihar BJP president C P Thakur attended the ceremony.Modi's mother Heeraben, who was also present, was seen flashing the victory sign.Modi greeted all prominent leaders present at the ceremony before taking oath in Gujarati amid chants of \"Bharat Mata Ki Jai (Victory be to mother India).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17761076", "title": "Party recites sundarkand on Vajpayee's birthday", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP in Madhya Pradesh celebrated the 89th birthday of former prime minister and party veteran Atal Behari Vajpayee throughout the state.From the recitation of 'sundarkand' to conducting pujas in temples, BJP workers organised multiple functions to celebrate Vajpayee's birthday. While several cabinet ministers of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government left for New Delhi on Monday night to visit the former PM, the chief minister and several top state BJP leaders were seen at the party office here on Tuesday morning praying for his good health and long life.Top state-party leaders including chief minister Chouhan, Narendra Singh Tomar, Arvind Menon and Prabhat Jha participated in the 'sundarkand' recital. Chouhan said, \"Atal Behari Vajpayee is like a cauldron torch of inspiration for the BJP. We keep wondering how one can become an ideal leader like him. His personality towers taller than the Himalayas while his heart is more serene than the seas. He always thinks about the welfare of the nation and every present crisis situation that is vexing the nation today could be solved by him.\"Chouhan said that Vajpayee as a political leader brought the entire nation together binding different languages and costumes with a single thread of unity. \"He taught and preached the message of one nation and took everyone along. This is precisely why Atal Behari Vajpayee is our guide and motivation. He is relevant today and will be so tomorrow,\" Chouhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17756955", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar is one of the most amazing human beings: Azharuddin", "text": "When Sachin Tendulkar, undoubtedly one of cricket's all-time greats, decided to take a bow from ODI cricket, bringing an end to an illustrious 23-year-old career, millions of hearts were broken.Tributes poured in from the minute Sachin made his announcement on Sunday morning right before the selection of the Indian squad for the upcoming Pakistan ODIs. Indian sportspeople react to the newsVijender Singh, BoxerSachin is a great player. The whole of India respects him and his fellow sportsmen feel the same way too. I'm disappointed that he is retiring because we can never see him play ODIs again. We all want Sachin Tendulkar to play for India in the next World Cup. He is a legend!T Suman, CricketerI started playing cricket only after watching Sachin on the field. He is very special to me and is a greater gift to the game of cricket. Having said that, I feel no individual is bigger than the sport and the game will go on. Sharing a dressing room with Sachin and playing alongside him for the past two years for the same IPL team has been an honour. He has always kept the interests of the team above his own. And I'm sure he has done the same when he took the decision to retire. Sachin has a lot left in him and he'll play many more match-winning test innings.Mithali Raj, Captain, Indian women's cricket teamHe is one of the cricketing greats and he is the right person to decide when he wants to call it quits and which format he wants to play. He could be the lone judge to take this decision based on his form and fitness and age. That said, we are going to miss watching him play sorely.Mohd Azharuddin, Former cricketer and MPSachin is one of the most amazing human beings I know - and one of the best cricketers of all time. I had the good fortune of being his captain. Everyone talks about his innings in Sharjah, but my fondest memories of Sachin are from the Hero Cup finals in 1993. South Africa needed six off the last over. Although Kapil was there, I handed the ball to Sachin. Eden was stunned but we all had faith in him. De Villiers lost his wicket to Sachin and between the two of them, McMillan and Donald, could not make it. With four to win off the last ball, McMillan managed only one. The rest is history.(With inputs from Dibyajyoti Chaudhuri)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17765303", "title": "Flight operations normal at Delhi's IGI airport after days of fog", "text": "NEW DELHI: After three days of dense fog, operations at the Indira Gandhi International Airport here remained largely normal on Wednesday.Though there was shallow fog in the morning, visibilty remained above 1500 metres and flight operations remained normal with departures and arrivals as per schedule, airport sources said.Some flights were delayed and some cancelled but they were due to operational reasons, they said.Flight operations were badly hit at the IGI Airport due to dense fog for past three days leading to delay in schedules of hundreds of aircraft.The visbility at the airport remain above 2000 metres early in the morning, but it dropped between 1300 and 1500 metres around 7.30am.However, the drop in visibility caused no distruption in flight operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17762975", "title": "Aurangabad artiste offered 41 cr for writing Guru Granth Sahib on rice", "text": "AURANGABAD: Gajendra Wadhonkar, an artist from Aurangabad who has the unique ability of writing alphabets on rice grains, has been offered Rs 41 crore by a Sikh guru from Yugoslavia for his work of writing the Guru Granth Sahib on rice, mustard and sesame seeds which is on display at Golden temple.\"It took me around 14 days and 28,000 rice grains to complete the work,\" said Gajendra.Gajendra left for Singapore on Tuesday where he will be felicitated by the Sikh community at Naam Ras Kirtan Darbar, an event that will be held from December 27 to January 5 where as many as 15,000 people from around the world will be present. He has even prepared around 300 greeting cards made of rice grains for the occasion.The artist has many national and international records under his belt and has also been approached by the Guinness book of world records for recording his achievements.Gajendra, who does not use magnifying glass to scribble on grains, claims of writing 460 alphabets on rice, 56 alphabets on sesame and around 40 words on a single grain of mustard.\"It took 2,472 rice, sesame and mustard grains to write the entire granth of 240 pages,\" he said, talking about his work on display at the Golden temple. He said that if the record was registered, it would be the first record for the Sikh religion in the world famous record book and it would be the first community to be registering such a record in the entire world.The artist now has plans to inscribe the Sai Charitra for which the work has already begun. \"It will take around 75 lakh rice grains and around one and a half years' time to complete the work. The cost incurred is estimated to be around Rs 4.8 lakh,\" he added.He would remain barefoot until the scripture is written on the rice grains and presented to the Sai Baba temple located at Shirdi. \"I plan to walk barefoot from home till the temple which is located around 110 kilometres from the city,\" he added.He will register the records of inscribing the Guru Granth Sahib and Sai Charitra in the Guinness world records once his work is completed.Speaking to TOI, Gajendra said that he got to know about his unique talent when he picked up a grain of rice and scribbled name of his mother Kamla Rani on it.He claims to write in all the possible languages and writes only scriptures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17763683", "title": "Jilted lovers take rape route to revenge", "text": "BERHAMPUR: About two months ago, a 13-year-old was gang-raped and murdered by miscreants in a jungle near Simanbadi in Kandhamal district's Daringibadi police station area. The police found the body of the victim on October 25 this year. The police arrested four persons after that.Two days after the brutal incident, a 14-year-old faced a similar trauma at Raikia in the same district. At least six persons had kidnapped and gang-raped her. The police arrested four teenagers in this case. On Saturday, the police arrested a person for allegedly attempting to rape a 15-year-old at Phulbani. Locals caught the accused and handed him over to the police.As many as 33 rape cases were reported in Kandhamal, a tribal dominated district in southern Odisha, so far this year. Of them, 19 victims were teenage girls, statistics revealed. Most of the victims were teenagers, a senior police officer said. In almost all the cases, the rapists were jilted lovers, who wanted to settle scores with girls.Tribal dominated districts like Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj also recorded an increase in the number of rape incidents this year, said Chitta Ranjan Dash, a law professor. He said failed love affairs or unkept marriage promises often incited the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762440", "title": "Man held in south Delhi for molesting 5-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-year-old girl was allegedly molested in Vasant Kunj area of south Delhi. The incident was reported on December 22.The accused has been arrested and identified as Raju (25), a resident of Masoodpur Dairy area, police said. The incident had taken place around 4pm when the accused took the girl to a park near her house and tried to rape her.A passerby, who heard the girl screaming, raised alarm and alerted people who caught the accused and informed the police. The girl was sent for a medical examination and the cops arrested him after registering a case under section 354 (molestation) of IPC at Vasant Kunj (north) police station. The accused was produced before the magistrate on December 23. The incident comes days after a three year old girl was sexually assaulted allegedly by the husband of the owner of her play school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761666", "title": "Film lensman dies of crab allergy in Goa", "text": "MUMBAI: Director of photography Bobby Singh (38) died of a heart attack in Goa on Tuesday after he developed an allergic reaction on eating crabs, an industry source said.Singh had just finished shooting for his last film Special Chhabis and was on a holiday with his family in Goa. Filmmaker Anurag Basu said, \"It has come as a rude shock to me. I have very few friends in the film industry and Bobby was one of them. He was an asthma patient and I guess the allergy aggravated it.\"Singh started as an assistant on Raj N Sippy's film Shehzade, John Mathan Mathew's Sarfarosh and Murugudoss's Ghajini. Basu said, \"He worked with me on Life in A Metro and Kites. He was full of life and made everyone happy.More than our friendship, his family and my family bonded well. He has seven-year-old child.'' Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said, \"The news of Bobby's sudden death has shattered us. He was a match winner. His contribution to our films made a world of difference.''Passed away in Goa. He was 38. An industry source said, Bobby developed an allergic reaction after eating a crab which was followed by a heart attack.''Singh had just finished shooting for his last film Special Chhabis was on a holiday with his family in Goa. Filmmaker Anurag Basu said, it has come as a rude shock to me. I have very few friends in the film industry and Bobby was one of them. He was an asthma patient and I guess the allergy aggravated it.''Bobby Singh started as an assistant on Raj N Sippy's film Shehzade, John Mathan Mathew's film Sarfarosh and Murugudoss's Ghajni. Basu said, he worked with on Life in A Metro and Kites. He was full of life and made everyone around him happy. More than my friend his family and my family bonded well. He has seven year old child.''Singh has to his credit films like The Dirty Picture, No Problem, Gangster, Woh Lamhe, Jannat 2 and Kuch Luv Jaisa. Singh got his first independent film Gangster in just one meeting with Mahesh Bhatt. Bhatt said, The news of Bobby's sudden death has shattered us all. He was a match winner. His contribution to our films made a world of difference.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17763660", "title": "Police drive for girls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 safety in Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: Police have taken a slew of measures to ensure women's safety on buses and auto-rickshaws plying in the city.The police on Tuesday started a special awareness programme to ask bus drivers and conductors to be courteous while dealing with women passengers. The awareness drive would continue for a few weeks. Women can now dial the toll-free number 1095, which was launched in August to deal with traffic-related grievances, in case they are in distress.Odia film actors Arindam and Snigdha, along with the police, took part in Tuesday's awareness drive about the toll free number. The drivers have been instructed to display the toll free numbers in all buses.The Cuttack police have also intensified night patrolling at bus stops and auto-rickshaw stands across the city. The police have also decided to keep tabs on the buses plying between Cuttack and Bhubaneswar at night. At least 2,500 buses ply between Cuttack and Bhubaneswar on a regular basis.\"Women can dial the helpline numbers 100 and 1095 if they feel threatened. The patrol team would rush to help them immediately. We have instructed all bus and auto-rickshaw owners to display the toll free numbers in their vehicles,\" said S. Praveen Kumar, deputy commissioner of police, Cuttack.The helpline numbers are available 24X7, which are monitored by an assistant commissioner of police (ACP) rank officer.\"We have received around 1,500 calls at 1095 in the past four months and we have been successful in providing immediate help to the callers. We are hopeful that the numbers will largely benefit the women,\" said Krushna Samal, ACP, traffic.The police are also trying to prepare a database of all bus drivers and conductors in Cuttack.\"We have asked the bus owners' association to provide us basic information about the drivers and conductors employed by them. We have also instructed the bus owners to verify credentials of the drivers and conductors before employing them,\" said a senior police officer.The All Odisha Bus Owner's Association has welcomed the police move.\"We are co-operating with the police in every way. In fact, we will also organize a workshop of bus drivers and conductors to behave responsibly with women passengers,\" Debendra Sahoo, the general secretary of the association, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762786", "title": "Learner's licence to be issued at RTO office again", "text": "PUNE: The issuing of learner's license at the Regional Transport Office (RTO) at Sangam bridge, which was suspended for almost a month due to frequent system failures, will resume in the next couple of days. The RTO is in the process of upgrading the system with installation of 53 computers and underground wiring to conduct the learner's license test.Officials from RTO said, \"Repair and maintenance work is in the final stages. The services will resume in the next couple of days. We are testing the functioning of the software so that applicants would not face any problems.\"Earlier, the RTO had extended the deadlines twice as they were unable to complete the work in the stipulated time. The upgraded system can process around 500 applications in a day, said officials.\"We had stopped accepting fresh applications at the Sangam bridge office as the system was witnessing repeated problems. Applicants were facing frequent difficulties because of the breakdowns. We had appealed to applicants who were in a hurry to get the learner's license to approach the Alandi road office for the same,\" said an official.The RTO spent about Rs 17 lakh for upgradation and installation of the software. The work has been undertaken by the public works department and a private agency.Meanwhile, the RTO also plans to install additional software at the Sangam bridge office to increase the capacity of the learner's license unit. Officials said that it would take at least a month to install the new software. An RTO official said that there is a plan to install 25 computers to run the additional software. The facility would cater to at least 100 additional applicants a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761660", "title": "'Show ID proof to make a call from PCO booth'", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police have issued instructions to all STD and PCO operators to check the proof of identity of callers before allowing them to make phone calls. Last year, it was made mandatory to carry identity proof while travelling in train and now one will have to carry ID cards even to use a public phone. The police have taken this to avoid extortion and threat calls made from PCOs.identity-card proof of a caller before allowing him/her to make phone call. Last year, carrying identity proof for travelling in train has been made mandatory and now for using a public phone one will have to carry identity proof as well. This step has been taken to avoid threat and malign calls made by PCOs.Driving licences, voter ID cards, PAN cards, UID cards and college or school IDs are among the proofs of identity that can be produced by callers. However, several police station in-charges said that no such order had been issued to them and it was just an instruction. \"There have been cases of threat calls being made from PCO and STD booths. The police did manage to track such PCOs but the caller, in most of the cases, remained faceless. This step will help to prevent such untoward calls,\" said a police source. In the last two years, the city police commissioner's main control room received at least two threat calls, both from PCOs. \"In some cases, terror suspects or criminals used PCO phones, making it difficult to track them down,\" said the officer. There are over 60,000 public phones in the city.Deputy police commissioner and city police's spokesperson, Nisar Tamboli , said, \"We have issued instructions to maintain callers' record. What is the harm in this? On the contrary, it will be helpful to avoid many wrong things.\"The police have issued instructions to the booth owners/care-takers to note down the name, address (area), and the number on which the call is being made. However, several booth owners said they had not received any such guidelines. Since, cellphones can be easily tracked, criminals use PCOs. Generally, harassment calls, rumors, hoax calls and personal enmity messages are delivered over phones. \"There are several PCO booths in the city where the owner has more than five to six phones. Such booths with multiple phones may also be asked to install CCTV cameras to keep a record of all callers,\" the police said.The police have asked booth owners to maintain a register. \"A shop owner has to maintain the record of all phone callers with time and address. Though it will be an additional burden on them, but good from the safety point of view,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762872", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council , state govt should protect non-Bodos: SP chief", "text": "GUWAHATI: Veteran minority leader and president of the state unit of Samajwadi Party, Hafiz Rashid Ahmed Choudhury, has suggested a proactive role of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administration and the state government so that the lives and property of non-Bodos living in BTC areas can be protected.Choudhury's statement comes at a time when various minority bodies of the state are demanding scrapping of the BTC following outbreak of violent clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in west Assam a few months ago.\"After the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution was amended in 2003 to protect the rights of different communities living in BTC areas, we don't see a valid reason to demand scrapping of the BTC. Our party wants all communities to reside peacefully in BTC areas. I will talk to BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary to bridge the gap between the Bodos and the minorities,\" said Choudhury.He added that the Samajwadi Party respects the struggle of the Bodos to protect their identity which is allegedly under threat because of influx to BTC areas from Bangladesh. \"The government should start a special drive to identify illegal immigrants who have settled inside the BTC over the years. But genuine Indian citizens should not be harassed at any cost. With the help of locals, state government agencies can find out illegal Bangladeshi immigrants who have settled inside the BTC areas,\" he added.Choudhury, who took charge as the president of Assam unit of Samajwadi Party last month, said his party will field candidates in the coming panchayat polls to be held in the state in January and February. \"Samajwadi Party will field candidates in those areas in panchayat elections where we have a considerable mass base,\" he added.Choudhury said Samajwadi Party is getting good support in the Barak Valley as well as Nagaon, Morigaon, Darrang, Barpeta, Goalpara, Dhubri and North Lakhimpur districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761742", "title": "Murder accused surrender", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons accused in a murder case surrendered before the Mirchowk police on Tuesday. On December 21, Mohammed Shakir, a resident of Kattalguda area in Noorkhan Bazaar was brutally murdered and his body dumped near Nayapul. Kareem Khan and Taher were named along with some other persons as suspects by the police. The two surrendered before the cops who had launched a hunt for the gang. \"On the day of murder, the deceased and the accused persons had a heated altercation in an inebriated condition resulting in the murder. We are interrogating the suspects and will arrest the rest involved in the case soon,\" said Mirchowk Sub Inspector Jalander Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762737", "title": "Onion output to fall by half, says agricultural board", "text": "PUNE: Onion production in the state is set to drop by 50% - from 58.23 lakh tonne in 2011-12 to 29.5 lakh tonne this year - because of low rainfall and shortage of water for irrigation, a senior official from Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board (MSAMB) has said.Kishor Toshniwal, managing director of the state marketing board, said, \"The state has received inadequate rainfall for the last two years, causing lakes and water bodies to dry up. The severe shortage of water in the state led to reduction in sowing of onion during June to September this year. Compared to the kharif and late kharif season, onion production in the summer will be badly affected. Onions harvested in summer have a long shelf life of six months and are mostly exported to gulf countries.\"As per the data provided by the board, the area under onion cultivation in the state fell from 3.87 lakh hectare in 2011-12 to 1.89 lakh hectare in 2012-13. Few farmers have undertaken onion plantation for the summer season, which is generally harvested by April, said an official from the board.Despite the prediction of reduced onion production, the state so far has not put any restrictions on onion export. The marketing board issued no-objection certificates for export of 51,700 tonne onion till November. The current export price is Rs 15,000 to Rs 16,000 per tonne, the official said.The country has exported 15.52 lakh tonne onion during 2011-12, which fetched Rs 2,141 crore. Of this, 80% onion was grown in the state, said Toshniwal. Along with MSAMB, there are other export agencies recognised by the Union commerce ministry for export of agricultural produce and some of them have offices in Mumbai. These agencies procure onion from farmers in the state and export it, which does not reflect in the data on export of onion from Maharashtra.The produce is exported to Malaysia, the gulf countries, Sri Lanka, Dubai and Kuwait. The other onion-growing states are Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Karnataka, but onion from these states is sold mostly in the domestic market, he said.Times ViewFluctuating onion prices have been an issue in the last three years. Prices have even touched the Rs 80 per kg mark. The government's response has been knee jerk at best, like imposing a blanket ban on onion export and continuing with the same even when there was a bumper harvest resulting in crashing of prices. This year, onion production is expected to record a sharp decline of about 50% in Maharashtra, which is the main onion growing state and also the main exporter of the produce. The government needs to take timely steps to ensure that prices remain stable and neither the farmers nor the consumers face the brunt of any fluctuations. A review of availability of old stock, fresh yield and domestic demand is needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17762904", "title": "Tribal girls looted, molested", "text": "IMPHAL: Even as the restive Imphal valley celebrated Christmas Eve, a group of tribal boys and girls were looted by three miscreants at Napet Palli area in Imphal East on Monday evening, sources said. Some of the girls were also allegedly molested.About five tribal girls, belonging to Leishiphung village in Senapati district, along with their local friends , were walking at Napet Palli area when miscreants waylaid them, herded the girls separately and snatched their mobile phones. They also allegedly molested the girls before the local Meira Paibi (women vigil group) members intervened and rescued them. All three culprits, along with the five mobile phones they looted, were arrested, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17761267", "title": "Formula Manipal sweats it out for German dream", "text": "MANIPAL: While most students at Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT) of Manipal University are enjoying their Christmas vacation, Formula Manipal (FM), a team of 40 MIT students are sweating it out day in and day out. These budding engineers are gearing up to take part in the Formula Student Germany - 2013 (FSG-2013), an international car design competition that will be held at Hockenheimring, Germany, from July 30 to August 4, 2013. Incidentally, MIT students have vacations till January 6.For Formula Manipal (FM), the workshop on MIT campus is their vacation place where they are busy manufacturing components for a single-seat racing car. The estimated cost of the car is around Rs 16 lakh to Rs 20 lakh. Of the 40 students, a handful are locals.These racing freaks are banking on Honda CBR 600 RR (600 cubic capacity) engine to fuel their FSG-2013 competition dream. Since the inception of FM, students have manufactured four racing cars to take part in four international FS competitions held in United Kingdom. \"We decided to stay back in college instead of going home for vacations so that we can finish it soon,\" said Aakilesh Singhania, a third year mechanical engineering student and team leader of FM. A few days ago the team finished manufacturing the chassis.Over the years, the students have honed their technical skills. \"The first car, which we manufactured, was 426 kg. But the car, which we are manufacturing now, just weighs 250 kg.\"To boost the performance of their dream machine, these passionate racers have imported Intake Fold, a part of the engine from the US. The car will be ready to hit the racing circuit within two months, said Aakilesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17761789", "title": "Minor out on joyride crashes dad's car", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Barely 16 hours after three youths were killed when their speeding car rammed into a container trailer on the Palm Beach Road, a 16-year-old boy was arrested on Monday evening for crashing his father's car into a makeshift enclosure inside the posh NRI complex located 1 km from the earlier accident spot.The stretch on which the teenager crashed the car, a Honda City, is frequented by evening walkers. While no one was injured, the incident has once again highlighted the problem of underage driving. On Sunday, a 17-year-old speeding in his father's car had mowed down a 45-year-old woman in Malad (W).The 16-year-old, who resides in Nerul's Sector 19, had sneaked out with his father's Honda City for a joyride. Eyewitness said the teenager was speeding when he crashed the car into a temporary barricade made of tin sheets in Phase-II of the NRI Complex, where speed limit is 20 kmph. The incident occurred around 6.30pm. Locals rushed to the spot and helped the boy get out of the car. They then informed his parents and the police. The boy's mother reached the spot and is said to have slapped him for leaving the home with his father's car without permission. The teenager was later taken to the NRI police station where he was arrested for rash and negligent driving and for driving without a valid licence. under sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Motor Vehicles Act.On A Crash Course* A 16-year-old boy sneaks out of his home in Nerul's Sector 19 with his dad's Honda City for a joyride* He drives for around 2 km and enters NRI complex* The teenager is speeding in an area where the speed limit is 20 kmph when he crashed the car into a makeshift enclosure* The stretch is frequented by evening walkers, who help the boy out f the car before alerting his parents and the policeThe condition of a 19-year-old youth who sustained severe injuries in the mishap at Killegaothan junction on Palm Beach Road early on Monday is stable, said sources at Sion hospital where he is undergoing treatment. Rajan Kushwa was travelling in a Ford Figo with four of his friends when the driver lost control of the speeding vehicle and rammed it into a container trailer. Three of Kushwa's friends died on the spot while one escaped with bruises. On Tuesday, Kushwa was shifted to general surgery ward from the emergency ward. \"As he has suffered multiple facial fractures, doctors inserted a tube in his throat to help him breathe,\" said Dr Suleiman Merchant, dean of Sion hospital.\"A CT scan had revealed little bleeding in his brain, but it does not require any surgery and will heal on its own. Moreover, plastic surgeons will evaluate his condition on Wednesday and subsequently plan surgeries for his face,\" said a senior doctor from the hospital, the condition of the seriously injured youth, Rajan Kushwa (29), is still said to be critical at Sion Hospital. Deputy Commissioner of Police (traffic) Vijay Patil, told TOI that by far, this collision of the Ford Figo car with the container trailer is the most horrendous of accidents on Palm Beach Road. Last year in December, there was another car accident in which four youngsters were killed after crashing into a tree on Palm Beach Road. However, the latest crash at CBD Belapur traffic junction is the worst in terms of the high speed impact and the damage done to the car. The vehicle's roof was completely ripped apart as it hit the side of the trailer and then passed though underneath it due to its momentum,'' said DCP Patil.He added that police will be having a stringent bandobast in the days to come, especially keeping in mind the New Year's celebrations.Rajan Kushwa (19), who was taken to Sion Hospital after the Palm Beach Road accident, is stable. According to doctors, he was shifted to general surgery ward from the emergency ward on Tuesday. \"He suffered from multiple facial fractures, because of which, doctors conducted a tracheostomy,\" said Dr Suleiman Merchant, dean of Sion Hospital. A tracheostomy is drilling a hole in the throat, throgh which a tube is inserted. It is done on those patients who cannot breathe from the nose and the tube from the trachea helps in respiration.\"A CT scan had revealed that there was little bleeding in his brain, but it does not require a surgery and will cure on its own. Moreover, plastic surgeons will evaluate his condition on Wednesday and subsequently plan surgeries for his face,\" said a senior doctor from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763605", "title": "Abuse cases continue unabated in Karnataka", "text": "PREGNANT WOMAN RAPED, MURDERED IN TUMKURTUMKUR: Police arrested three persons for allegedly raping and murdering a pregnant woman in Chandragiri village of Madhugiri taluk in Tumkur district. Enjarappa and his cousins Manjunath and Ramesh allegedly kidnapped, raped and murdered Sakamma (name changed). Five others who helped them are absconding. One of the arrested told police that one of the accused who is at large, had raped Sakamma. Police found her body buried at Bijanakere tank and exhumed it. Samples have been sent to a forensic lab and the result is awaited. The woman, in her early 30s, lived in a hut with her grandmother and father. She was married to Chandragiri gram panchayat member Yenjarappa and was three months pregnant, police said. Tumkur SP told TOI that Sakamma was Yenjarappa's second wife. After he had three daughters by his first wife, a disappointed Yenjarappa decided to marry again as he wanted a son to inherit his property. Sakamma's grandmother complained to police that she had been abducted by Yenjarappa's first wife, her father and friends. She feared that if Sakamma had a son, he would inherit the property, and plotted the murder with her brothers Ramesh and Manjunath. Ramesh confessed that they had raped the woman, and police are waiting for the postmortem report.ABSURD POLITICS: GP MEMBER STRIPPED IN CHANNAPATNAA 26-year-old gram panchayat member was allegedly locked up in a room and stripped in Makali village, near Channapatna, Ramanagaram district. The incident happened on the morning of December 20 when the victim turned up at the Makali GP office to elect the president. \"A candidate knew she would vote for his rival. To prevent it, some men and women tried to block her at the entrance,\" a close relative of the woman told TOI. They took the woman to house100 meters away and locked her up. \"Then some men stripped her and said, 'Now you can go and vote for anyone you like',\" the family member said. Meanwhile, Channapatna Rural police arrived on the spot and with help of local women, freed the woman. \"She has filed a complaint. We have taken up the case,\" Ramanagaram SP Anupam Agrawal told TOI. Police have arrested Shivaraj, Puttaswamy and Satish.BANGALORE MAN HELD FOR DOMESTIC VIOLENCEA 41-year-old private firm employee was arrested on Tuesday by Chandra Layout police, following a complaint by his 35-year-old wife alleging mental and physical abuse. The wife of accused Mallikarjun, a resident of Gangondanahalli, approached police on Monday along with some workers from a women's organization. She alleged that her husband would come home drunk and harass her physically and mentally. She said he forced her to watch porn movies, and also alleged that her 14-year-old daughter was in danger as he harassed her too. Police registered a case of sexual harassment and domestic violence case against Mallikarjun and arrested him on Tuesday. He will be produced before court by Wednesday morning. Deputy commissioner of police (West) DC Rajappa told TOI a case under 354 (assault or criminal force against a woman with an intention to outrage her modesty) has been registered. \"The arrest was made to deter him from such criminal acts in future,\" he said.MADIKERI YOUTH PROMISES TO MARRY VICTIM, FLEESA 15-year-old sub-junior hockey player from Kodagu has alleged she was repeatedly raped by a 24-year-old man. The man, a painter by profession, made his good escape with the promise of marriage. The girl's mother had complained to police on December 15 that her daughter was missing since December 12. But the girl returned home on December 16. During the inquiry, police got a hint about the suspect, Mahesh. But Mahesh got away, promising her mother that he would marry her. Police registered a case of rape after he allegedly refused to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17763726", "title": "Tirupati Panigrahi held in Bhubaneswar for land \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfraud\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Crime Branch of Odisha police on Tuesday arrested noted businessman and vice-president of Odisha Cricket Association Tirupati Panigrahi and two of his relatives here for allegedly reneging on the promise of providing residential plots to two men after taking money from them in 2009.Panigrahi owns real estate firms, two private medical colleges and several professional educational institutes, under the business conglomerate Hi-Tech Group, in different places of Odisha. The police action followed a complaint lodged by a man, who alleged that Rajdhani Estates and Promoters Private Limited, a sister concern of Hi-Tech Group, cheated him and his brother with false promise of giving them land at Sundarpada on the outskirts of city. The complaint was lodged at economic offence wing (EOW) of Crime Branch here on December 23. Police refused to divulge details about the complainant.An EOW team, led by DIG Rajesh Kumar, swooped on Panigrahi's house here early in the morning and arrested him. His relatives Tirupati Choudhury and Madhusudan Panigrahi, who were posted as directors at Rajdhani Estates and Promoters Pvt Ltd, were also taken into custody for their alleged complicity in the fraud. Tirupati Panigrahi is the managing director of the real estate firm.\"The FIR contained names of the MD and two directors. We arrested them after gathering evidence against them,\" ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma said. \"Tirupati Panigrahi's real estate company had taken a total of Rs 1.80 lakh from the complainant and his brother in several instalments between 2003 and 2009 to provide him four plots (1,200 square feet each) in Sundarpada. But the two brothers have not yet got possession over the lands,\" Sharma said. The complainant was paying Rs 4,400 instalment per month under the land scheme. \"We have collected oral evidence of victims, documents and sale deed agreements of the land,\" Sharma said.The EOW sleuths raided Tirupati Panigrahi's office at Saheed Nagar and seized incriminating documents. \"We will also freeze the accounts of the company,\" Sharma said. The company's other activities would come under the purview of investigation, if required, he informed.The company functionaries rubbished the charges. \"The allegation of cheating against the company is baseless. It usually takes time to give possession over plots in real estate business,\" said Santosh Panchuati, a senior employee of the company.The capital city has witnessed a spurt in crime, relating to land fraud, due to abnormal rise of land prices over the years. Several real estate companies had earlier hogged headlines for duping land buyers of crores of rupees. The EOW has registered as many as 10 land fraud cases in the past four months, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766595", "title": "Kate Moss photobombed by nude bather", "text": "Kate Moss , who still seems to be in newlywed, was photographed groping and making out with husband Jamie Hince before being photobombed by a naked bather.In a photo captured for posterity by an X17online photographer, the unnamed bald beachgoer can be seen brazenly texting in the birthday suit on his cellphone, seemingly oblivious to the British bombshell who had been lounging just a few feet away, the New York Daily News reported.The 38-year-old supermodel and Hince, who have been married since July 2011, were seen making out in the sand for several minutes before the disturbing photobomb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17762625", "title": "IAF holds exercise 'Iron Fist' in Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: In a breathtaking display of air power, Indian Air Force (IAF) aircraft blasted away targets during day, dusk and night in a fire power demonstration, code named 'Iron Fist' at Chandan field firing range in Pokhran on Sunday. The dusk and night phases display were a first-ever by the IAF. While a Airborne Warning and Control System was used to monitor the mammoth exercise, an unmanned aerial vehicle streamed live video images of the target destruction. The air defence demonstration included firing of surface-to-air guided missiles.Air Officer-Commanding-in-Chief, South Western Air Command, Air Marshal A K Gogoi and other senior officers witnessed the exercise. Gogoi reviewed the full dress rehearsal and gave directions on fine tuning of certain aspects.More than 60 aircraft including frontline fighters - Mig-21 Bison, Mig-27, Mig-29, Mirage-2000, Su-30 MKI, Jaguars , Tejas LCA, transport aircraft namely Hercules, AN-32 and helicopters - Mi-17 1V and Dhruv Mi-35 participated in the exercise. Other unseen force multipliers included mid-air refuellers, AWACS and UAV. The day phase displayed the strike capability of ground attack fighter aircraft. The dusk phase displayed the war-waging capabilities of helicopters. The final phase by night showcased two major aspects of air power - counter-air operations and counter-surface operations.A Mig-29 flying low and supersonic at 1250 kmph leaving in its wake a deafening sonic boom signalled an explosive start to the exercise. This was followed by a photo-reconnaissance mission by a formation of three Sukhoi-30 MKI aircraft. Three waves of fly-past by a combination of Jaguar, Mig-21 Bison, Mig-27, Mig-29, Tejas and Mirage-2000 fighters followed before the armament delivery phase.An array of targets including mock radar sites, tanks, marshalling yards, terrorist camps, runway, BMPs (infantry fighting vehicles), blast pens and convoys were selectively destroyed in precision attacks by IAF pilots using bombs, rockets and missiles. Both precision-guided ammunitions and conventional armament were used in the display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761740", "title": "i-age protests rob govt of comfort zone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Frequent street mobilization with participation of politically non-aligned public has left parties and governments bereft of the comfort of not being seriously questioned or held to account in between elections when voters express their anger through the ballot.Activists and opposition leaders argue that the response of the government to a swiftly developing situation like the one that unfolded in Delhi over the past week shows that the Centre announced a slew of measures only after being brought under intense pressure.Although the government appeared to be reactive rather than proactive, it has had to respond in a manner that its predecessors did not consider necessary. The trigger for this was the toll the protests took of government's credibility.Aam Aadmi Party member Yogendra Yadav hit out at the government accusing it of lacking political skills to respond to the public's anger and disappointment. \"The government has shown itself to be particularly short-sighted. The people in the political establishment lack political skills. They should have anticipated the people's emotion much earlier and responded to it,\" he said.I&B; minister Manish Tewari defended the government, saying, \"We understand the anguish and concern of the protestors. However, violence is neither a solution nor an end in itself. It is indeed unfortunate that a law enforcement officer succumbed to the depredations of the protest. The government has taken a series of measures for the quick prosecution of the crime which no civilized society countenances or tolerates as well as measures to address the systemic problem of the security and safety of women.\"Yadav also found PM Manmohan Singh's speech wanting on several fronts. \"If you say on Day 1 that you have three daughters, it has some meaning. But to say it Day 8, it is just a joke. The government has state power and they have used it to put down a peaceful protest,\" he added.CPM leader Brinda Karat said the incident had only demonstrated the lack of political will on the part of the government. \"There is total drift and lack of political direction on the part of the government whether it is PM's ineffectual speech or home minister's remarks,\" she said.Karat, who led a delegation of women's groups to meet President Pranab Mukherjee a day earlier, said there were small but critical steps like taking action against buses with tinted glasses that the government had not done so far. \"This was an occasion when the top cop should have taken responsibility,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17762206", "title": "Court stays the release of Tamil film", "text": "CHENNAI: A court here has stayed the release of Tamil film 'Payapulla', scheduled to hit the screens on December 28. The court granted the interim injunction on December 21after taking up an application filed by a film distributor who said the film's producers had not handed over the negatives and films even though the release date was approaching.The film starring Kavin, Kavithasri and Vadivukarasi is directed by K S Saravanan.In her application, T Kalaiselvi of Coimbatore said she said she had purchased the distribution rights of the film, which is being processed at Reliance Media here, for a royalty consideration of 7 lakh. Noting that an agreement was signed on January 9 this year, she said an agreement for distribution rights for a period of five years too had been signed.Now, though advertisements were issued announcing the release of the film on December 28, the producers were yet to hand over film copies and negatives to her, Kalaiselvi said. She cited R P Bala Namasivayam and R Manimaran of 3rd Eye Media Vision in Vadapalani as respondents in the case.Noting that the producers were attempting to screen the film in the areas allocated to her without honouring the agreement, she wanted the court to restrain the producers, their agents or any other person acting through them from exploiting, distributing or exhibiting the film in Coimbatore, Erode and Nilgiris districts for five years. The court has adjourned the matter to January 11, 2013 for further proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761721", "title": "Cops train speed guns on offenders", "text": "MUMBAI: Apart from their ongoing campaign against drunk driving, the traffic police will also train their guns on speedsters in the run up to the new year.In 2010, the traffic cops had recorded 18,929 cases of speeding. The number dropped to 10,766 in 2011. From January to November this year, only 725 speeding cases have been recorded. \"Speeding has been the cause of several fatal accidents. We plan to take speedsters to task and have equipped our personnel, conducting nakabandis, with speed guns,\" an officer said.As part of their ongoing drunk driving campaign, the traffic cops recorded 158 cases on Christmas Eve on Monday. The campaign, which began on December 20 and will continue till new year, is conducted between 10pm and 1am. \"So far, we have recorded 839 cases with an average of 150 cases per day,\" an official said.The traffic police have also got special posters designed to create awareness about the menace of drunk driving. These posters are being put up at important locations across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17760959", "title": "Protest to mark Women Liberation Day", "text": "NAGPUR: To commemorate 'Women's Liberation Day', a protest was carried out at Samvidhan Square by 'Sanyukt Mahila Samiti' led by Ashu Saxena.This group of about 30 women which also included rape victims raised voices against the Delhi Police for manhandling the protesters. They sat on the square with banners and placards demanding justice as their voice mixed with the busy traffic of the area.Saxena informed that, \"On this day, Ambedkar burned the manusmriti which contained deplorable rules and laws against the Dalits and women. Hence this day is symbolic not only for lower caste but also for women liberation.\"Apart from raising voice against the Delhi Police, they also posed a number of demands which included a police helpline and death penalty for rapists in case the victim is also murdered or she herself commits suicide. \"In all other cases, the accused should be denied bail or parole and should be given life imprisonment with solitary confinement,\" they demanded.From NMC and NIT, this group demanded rehabilitation of rape victims in hostels and reservations in government jobs. Also, the age limit for women joining government service should increase from 33 to 48 years.Saxena said, \"We need more educated, mature and sensitive police officers who are capable of understanding the issues faced by the victims. One of the victims sitting here left no stone unturned to punish her attacker. He was sentenced to jail but now he is free. In another's case, the police refused to register even the FIR. This is shameful.\"Countrywide protests are being held to demand death penalty for rapists with Delhi being the hotbed of such protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17762669", "title": "Gurgaon police ensure a safe Christmas for citizens", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police took no chances in ensuring safety and security of the citizens celebrating Christmas on Tuesday. Along with the deployment of cops at every public spot, police pickets were put up at every corner of the city.Vikram Singh , who was in the city to visit his relatives, said it seems police have woken up after the Munirka incidents but the cops should stay alert throughout the year and not just during festive seasons.On Tuesday, cops were seen scrutinizing suspected persons and vehicles at identified places including MG Road, Ambience Mall, Sahara Mall, Galleria Market, Business Centre in Sushant Lok of new Gurgaon and the Sector 14-17 market in the old DLF area.Apart from this, cops were deployed in other sensitive areas, %which according to them and going by past experience might witness trouble.Radhika Verma, a visitor at MGF mall, said after the recent incident, police department should ensure that city buses are checked and suspected persons or those under influence of alcohol should be detained. \"The presence of policemen including women cops on roads today should be a routine thing to check such incidents\" she added.A senior police officer said the department is making efforts for effective policing and the first step is more visibility of policemen. \"When visitors and commuters see cops deployed at public places, it gives them sense of safety and security,\" he added. He further said that malls and pubs have been issued guidelines about maintaining safe and secure atmosphere within their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766172", "title": "Priyamani cheers Team India", "text": "When everyone, even from across the borders, are agog about the match between India and Pakistan how can our stars be far behind. The cricket match was an occasion when film stars and common men all cheered together. Tinsel town beauty Priyamani cheered for the Indian team, while enjoying the match that happened at the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore yesterday.Priyamani tweeted after the match \"What an evening!!!agreed it wasn't India's day today!!!but fantastic delivery by bhuvanesh kumar !!!we were so close to winning!!but...:( \"Pakistan snatched a thrilling five-wicket victory over India in the first Twenty20 International to record its first win in shortest format against arch rivals, whose bad streak continued close on the heels of their disastrous series against England.Image courtesy: Priyamani's Twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762483", "title": "Earphone music proves deadly for student, run over by train", "text": "JAIPUR: Crossing the railway tracks while listening to music with earphones proved costly for an engineering student in the city. He was run over by a train on Tuesday.According to the police, the incident took place in Jawahar Circle's Nandpuri area. \"The deceased Rohit Meena was a first year BTech student at Mahatma Gandhi Engineering College,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Meena was crossing the railway tracks passing through Nandpuri area. \"As per some eye-witnesses, Meena had his earphones on and was listening to music on his cellphone. It seems he couldn't hear or see the approaching train. He was run over and died on the spot,\" said the officer.He added that several such mishaps have taken place on the railway tracks despite people are advised not to cross the lines illegally.\"It becomes more dangerous when someone crosses the tracks while listening to music on the earphones,\" said the officer. He said that government and the railway police run campaigns against illegal crossing of the tracks from time to time.\"People pay no heed and in a bid to quickly reach their destination, the cross the railway tracks illegally,\" said the officer. The police have handed over the body to family members after conducting the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766621", "title": "Uma Thurman struggled to balance work", "text": "Uma Thurman , who gave birth to her third child this July, has confessed that she has struggled to find the correct balance as a working mother in the past.The 42-year-old actress said that she feels she's yet to work out just how much time to spend with her children.The 'Kill Bill' star told Gotham magazine that the question of balance always seemed funny to her as she did not think there was any balance. She also said that she felt like she had never done enough.Thurman also said that she thought she was pretty good at home but trying to balance her energies outside the home was a challenge, as there was so much more that she wanted to do and could do, the Daily Mail reported.She also confessed that when she was younger and became a mother she did not think that she could do anything else, as she was completely overwhelmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17763569", "title": "After identity crisis, Lionel Richie gifts self 7 Mercs", "text": "NEW YORK: Singer Lionel Richie has gifted himself seven Mercedes cars for Christmas. The 63-year-old says he was surprised when the salesman at the car shop did not recognize him, reported New York Post.\"I decided to buy myself a Mercedes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or two! In blue jeans and T-shirt, I walked into a Montgomery, Alabama, dealership and said, 'I'll buy seven Mercedes'. Staring, the guy asked, 'Son, you got some proof ?' I had him call LA's Bank of America president. \"He hung up and segued from 'Son' to, 'Mr Richie, right this way, please',\" Richie said.But Richie has also thought of those less fortunate and this Christmas he has worked with Scottish charity Cash for Kids, a non-profit organization which aims to get children in the country out of poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762866", "title": "Assam sees more than 1700 rapes annually", "text": "GUWAHATI: While Delhi might be considered unsafe for women the state is not much better. Assam, which was once considered safe for women, has seen a sharp rise in crimes against the fair sex. Besides incidents of domestic violence and molestation, the number of rape cases registered in Assam has been increasing every year.While a total of 661 cases of rape have been reported in New Delhi so far this year, in Assam at least 1,126 rapes cases were registered from January to August this year, 66 of them in Guwahati.\"In 2010, a total of 1,721 rape cases were registered in Assam. In 2011, the statistic dropped slightly to 1,707. Though we are yet to compile the figures for this year, the crime rate suggests that the total number of rapes would be on the lines of the previous year,\" said a senior CID official who's in charge of maintaining crime data in the state. The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB)'s report for the year 2011 clearly showed that in Assam, 100 per cent of the rape perpetrators were either relatives of the victim or known her, proving rape is an opportunistic crime committed in private spaces here. \"In 2011, of the 1,707 rape cases registered, 72 were committed by relatives, 418 by neighbours and 1,210 by persons known to the victim,\" said the NCRB report. The report also said that in that year, most of the rape victims - 1,114 - were in the age group of 18 to 30.\"Maximum rape victims in the country are working women and students. In most of the cases we studied, we found that the victims were did not register cases for fear of being embarrassed socially and putting the family to shame. But the trauma they underwent led to a terrible mental imbalance,\" the report said.\"A study also revealed that most of those accused of sexual crimes had a tendency to repeat the offence. Therefore, the conviction rate in such cases should be much higher,\" said Shilpi Hazarika, a student of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences in New Delhi.In 2011, the conviction rate in the country for rape cases was a low 26.4 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17765831", "title": "Army jawan killed in cross-border firing in J&K;", "text": "JAMMU: An Army jawan was killed in firing from across the Indo-Pak border in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir .\"There was firing from across the border at a forward post in Mankote belt in Poonch district late last night,\" a defence spokesman said on Wednesday.In the firing, an Army jawan was critically wounded and later died in hospital, he said, adding that it was not known whether the shots were fired by Pakistani troops or militants.The jawan has been identified as Sepoy Rakesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17763851", "title": "Strict regulations needed to break pharma-doctor nexus", "text": "It is high time we had strict regulations governing the relationship between doctors and drug manufacturers. This newspaper has run several stories detailing how doctors are handed out freebies by pharma companies, sometimes openly and at other times in the guise of sponsoring seminars and so on. This kind of thing must be eliminated altogether. The relationship between a doctor and her patient is one of complete trust on one side and anything that tempts the other to betray that trust must be cracked down upon. All over the world there are strict regulations on this issue and India must adopt the best practices available globally.Related story : Govt to crack down on pharma-doctor nexus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762563", "title": "Jaipur Jewellery Show ends on a glittering note", "text": "JAIPUR: Glitz and glamour marked the grand finale of the tenth edition of Jaipur Jewellery Show (JJS) at Rajmahal Lawns on Christmas evening. On the last day of the four-day extravaganza, a large number of visitors made a beeline to the show which included a large number of inland and foreign tourists as well. The total footfall crossed 30,000 who turned up to see the glittering panorama of unbelievable creations.The show, with diamond as its theme, showcased a wide display of kundan and polki sets, emerald trails from chokers, rubalites-edged kundan necklaces and diamond necklaces with e emerald, rubies, sapphire and amazing pearl-based jewelleries. The show was a grand mix of traditional as well as modern jewellery.Convener of JJS, Vimal Chand Surana, said that 'Jaipur Adds Colour To It' theme would continue for the JJS in 2013 which will be held from December 20 to 23 next year.Rajiv Jain, honorary secretary, JJS, said the participants defied the so-called recession to overwhelmingly participate in the show which has since grown from strength to strength.\"The show that began in 2003 with a modest start is now the country's largest B2C (business-to-consumer) show. This year, we had 468 booths besides a wait-list of 107 companies that could not be accommodated due to lack of space. There is a dire need for a convention and exhibition space in Jaipur,\" said Rajiv. Building the exhibition venue is a tedious task. It takes 15 days to erect and nearly a week to dismantle the layout. Add to that, there is always this fear of fire as we have to be extra cautious about the temporary structure, he said.\"Gem and jewellery sector has become the face of Jaipur. Even in times of recession and high gold prices, buyers have shown a keen interest due to the artistic making of jewellery. New trends exhibited at the show become the fashion statement for the New Year,\" said media coordinator of JSS, Ajay Kala.A large number of people from Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Surat, Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Agra, Indore, Hyderabad and Kolkata came to the show. They also held business meetings and new business relationships were established for future dealings.At the closing ceremony, joint secretary of the Union ministry of commerce Sidhharth Singh was present. \"The exposition showcases the rich tradition of jewellery-making of Jaipur which is so special. The import of gold has shown decline which is a welcome sign. At the same time, gold jewellery exports has shown an increase which is a happy sign particularly for Jaipur,\" said Sidhharth.Meanwhile, Jewels Emporium with their artistic wooden carved double-decker booth was adjudged the best booth followed by the booth of Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17763191", "title": "'Inspire' at Pt. Ravishankar Shukla University", "text": "RAIPUR: 'Inspire', the winter camp a move directed at promoting scientific rigor among the school students was inaugurated at Pt. Ravishankar Shukla University on Tuesday.More than 180 students from various districts of Chhattisgarh will participate in the camp which will conclude on December 29. A series of lectures and other academic activities will be conducted during the camp by the experts drawn from IIT's and other premier institutions.In another development, the regular students in various courses at Pt. Ravishankar Shukla University who would have less than 75% attendance by the end of academic calendar will have to appear as private candidates in the fourth coming annual examinations.Such courses like BEd, M Ed and other professional courses which do not have provision for private candidates will not be able write the exam. As per the academic calendar of the university the date on which the attendance will be calculated is 17th February.This move is an attempt by the university authorities to improve attendance in the classrooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17763110", "title": "Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation underground drainage project clogged mid-way", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC)'s ambitious central city underground drainage (CCUGD) project is proving to be a major stinker. Not only about Rs 200 crore of public money has literally gone down the drain, the project is nowhere near completion.Five years after the GVMC embarked on the Rs 243.71 crore project that was to cover 750 kms in the central city area under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in November 2007, the project that was to be completed by November 2010 is lying incomplete.So far, only the trunk line (central drainage) works have been completed in some areas but the connections from the houses to the trunk line are yet to be made in parts of the city. In fact, not much has moved ahead in the project even in the last one year.While responding to an RTI query on the progress of the project, the GVMC had on December 26, 2011, replied that nearly 75% of works were completed. When enquired about the present progress, GVMC commissioner, MV Satyannarayana told TOI said that only 75% of the CCUGD works have been completed till date.Admitting to the snail's pace of the project works, the civic chief maintained that all possible efforts were being made to complete it by June 2013. A high level technical committee would be shortly arriving from Hyderabad to examine the project because the works done so far had failed in quality and durability assessments, Satyannarayana admitted. He, however, pointed out that a similar project costing Rs 37.08 crore had been completed in the old city limits.Citizens residing near to the ongoing CCUGD works said that the workers concerned did not properly restore the roads to their original state after finishing the digging works. \"The roads have not been properly restored after finishing the UGD works. This has resulted in increasing inconvenience to vehicular movement apart from dust pollution. We are ready to give our feedback on the project to any person at any time,\" said P Madhava Rao, a resident of Dwarakanagar.Even as it is struggling to complete this project, GVMC is learnt to be planning to take up a larger UGD project at Gajuwaka and other 32 peripheral villages. \"We plan to take up the project under JNNURM Plus scheme. We have already sent a detailed report on the project, which is estimated to cost of Rs 500 crore. The JNNURM Plus works are likely to begin in March 2013,\" Satyannarayana said.RTI activist Srinivasu, said they would soon be conducting a public audit on the progress of all projects including CCUGD and housing projects being taken up by GVMC.\"We will probably conduct area wise public audit on the GVMC projects from January next year. We would submit the audit report to the government, both state and Centre,\" Srinivasu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17763036", "title": "Music programme brings challenged closer to orphans", "text": "AURANGABAD: Swaranandwan, a 125-member orchestra of the physically challenged, was in the city at Sant Tukaram Natya Mandir, Cidco, on Monday to raise funds for 'Aai', an orphanage which provides shelter to 44 orphans without government funding or donation in Beed district.Vikas Amte, secretary and chief functionary of Maharogi Sewa Samiti, Warora (MSS), headquartered at Anandwan in Chandrapur district of Maharashtra said, \"The government lacks in providing lepers and underprivileged with the services they need. However, it is not possible for the government to reach every person, so we should also help them. Hence, this task has been taken up by the social organisations,\" he said.The cultural group that raises funds comprise lepers, visual, hearing and speech impaired and physically challenged adivasis from Anandwan. They entertained the audience with a wide-range of songs from old and new Hindi films, ranging from Kishore Kumar's Nile nile ambar par to Main hoon don.There were dance performances to the music from Hindi, Marathi folk and tribal music by the visual, hearing and speech impaired. Many were left spellbound and some had tears in their eyes.\"We found that many individuals, visually challenged girls for instance, were not able to land jobs in spite of being well educated. So we decided to teach them skills and began with special training in music. Seeing them, others expressed a desire to participate and the group grew,\" said Amte.The Amtes chose music not only because it helps in breaking down barriers but also because it is therapeutic. \"Music is a way to feel joy and give joy to others. We have seen that music has given a boost to their physical and mental well-being. Also, through these performances, the orchestra members have received praise and encouragement from audiences. This has helped them get over a depression and low self-esteem,\" he said.In the last 15 years, the group has 1,500 performances to its credit at venues across Maharashtra and some in Goa and Andhra Pradesh. They have been blessed by the Dalai Lama and have received support from many celebrities and social activists.\"In our orchestra, hearing impaired learn dance through sign language and the visually challenged sing. A person cured of leprosy mesmerises the audience by singing songs. These individuals show society that their hands are not for begging, but working. Many of them are not accepted by society but through this platform, we want to show that such individuals are the nation's wealth,\" said Sadashiv Tajne, director of the orchestra.\"Whatever money we make is donated to social projects our NGO undertakes. So it makes the members feel part of something and they are able to help others. They used to depend on charity but today their hard work is enabling someone else to lead a better life. Our organization believes in giving them a chance, not charity,\" said Tajne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763741", "title": "The faithful throng churches", "text": "PATNA: Christmas was celebrated with fervour and enthusiasm at Khagaul and Danapur churches on Tuesday. Braving inclement weather, a large number of devotees turned up in the churches and offered special prayers to celebrate birth of Jesus Christ in morning.Churches in these twin cities held midnight mass. Men, women and children attired in colourful dresses attended the special service in these churches.After attending the special mass in the morning with the family members, the devotees gathered in churches once again for the evening mass.The Catholic Church at Khagaul which celebrated its 105 years of existence on December 5, was tastefully decorated with lights and bulbs. Christmas celebration began on Monday night, Fr Parkash Louis said, adding, devotees attended special service amid singing of Christmas Carol. People irrespective of their caste, creed and religion turned up at the church. Cakes and sweets were shared among church visitors, he said.The 109-year old Anglican Church at Khagaul was also decked up with lights and festoons.A large number of Anglo Indians from the adjoining areas participated in the special prayer. Carol singing was the cynosure of all eyes.Children, in particular, were seen dancing to the tune of the song on the sprawling church campus and embraced each other to greet 'Merry Christmas'.The Baptist Church at Khagaul also witnessed joyous moments on the occasion. Devotees offered special prayers in the morning on Tuesday. Besides, candles were lit and gifts were exchanged among devotees.Armymen and their families also celebrated Christmas with full enthusiasm at St Luke and St Stephen churches at Danapur cantonment.The 182-year old St Luke Church at Danapur cantonment was the centre of attraction on the occasion.The sacred altar of Mother Mary at the 158-year old St Stephen Church was beautifully decorated with a variety of flowers. Regular chiming of bells atop the tower house took everyone by delight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763276", "title": "Metro rail work switches sides at Nandanam", "text": "CHENNAI: Metro rail work at Nandanam will soon move to the other side of Anna Salai, where the Chamiers Road station is being built in front of the Poultry Research Centre. Traffic will be routed over the portion of road where preliminary work to excavate soil for the station has been completed.A diaphragm wall on the Poultry Research Centre side has been sunk. The stretch of road that was a work site teeming with heavy machines and cranes over the last few months has been black-topped. A few final works are underway to make the stretch motorable.Readying the work site for vehicle movement began a couple of weeks ago soon after wall work was completed. Debris was removed, the work site levelled and tarmac top laid. Barricades will be removed and traffic in the Saidapet direction routed through the completed portion on Anna Salai in a couple of days.The walls, 20 metres deep and approximately 200 metres long, were being sunk at places where underground stations are coming up, said a senior metro rail official. The walls will prevent the edges from caving in or collapsing when the road is dug more than 20 metres to build underground stations. Additional reinforcement is being planned at locations where tunnel boring machines will be lowered.\"Diaphragm wall construction is in progress at locations where underground stations are coming up \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at Government Estate, LIC, Thousand Lights, DMS, Teynampet and Nandanam on Anna Salai. The works are being carried out in two parts. One lane of the road is cordoned off for construction and reopened before the other lane is closed for work. This is done to prevent the construction from affecting traffic flow,\" he added.Work on one side of Anna Salai was completed at LIC and traffic was re-routed over the completed portion of the road recently.After these walls are completed, metro will start excavating the sites. Work on stations is being carried out in stages as traffic cannot be blocked on Anna Salai for long. Metro rail will again cordon off portions of the road, excavate soil and build a portion of the station underneath before replicating the work on the other side. Traffic will be allowed over the completed station when the other side is cordoned off and excavated.Metro rail is also gearing to start boring tunnels at Saidapet. Machines are being assembled so that boring can begin to make a tunnel towards Nandanam. This stretch is part of the Washermanpet-Saidapet underground portion of the Washermanpet-Central-Airport line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17763526", "title": "Ruffians hang on near Patna hangouts", "text": "PATNA: The city eateries, malls and market places have now become the favourite spots for lumpen elements and ruffians who never hesitate in spoiling the day of those who want to shop or enjoy with family and friends.Places like Hathwa Market, Boring Road, Mauryalok Complex and Vishal Mega Mart are hotspots for roadside Romeos. Girls visiting P&M; Mall and Vasundhara Mall, too, face such problems. Though their own security keeps the places more or less safe for girls but it's worrisome outside the campus with boys loitering around and teasing them by words and action.Citing an example, a PG student at Darbhanga House, Poonam Srivastava said, \"The area outside the recently opened popular eatery near Gandhi Maidan is quite embarrassing for girls who go there alone. These lechers usually come here for eye candy. We cannot avoid visiting these eateries but these ruffians spoil our day.\"Girls here cannot even think of visiting places like Gandhi Maidan and Kumhrar Park alone. \"Sitting in Gandhi Maidan on a winter noon is something we can only think of. Boys not only enjoy the sunshine but the embarrassment girls face by their vulgar comments,\" said Aarti Kumari of Magadh Mahila College. \"The condition is similar at Kumhrar Park,\" she added.The diara areas are now getting popular among Patnaites for picnic and a day out with families and friends. But here, too, life is not peaceful. \"Since this is on the other side of river Ganga, no policeman is ever seen and the boys who go there are always in the lookout for a chance to irritate girls. They follow us in whatever we are doing. This irritates me as I think there is no place where girls can go alone and enjoy without these loafers,\" said a PG student of Patna University. Similar is the condition at Gandhi Ghat and Kali Ghat where youngsters come in large numbers either to go to diara or just enjoy at the ghat.These ruffians don't spare even the holy places like temples and 'mazar'. Temples have always been their most favourite 'addas' for bothering girls and taking their chances over them. Shweta Kumari, a resident of Boring Road, shared one such incident with the TOI. \"Once I was waiting in a queue for my chance to pray at Mahavir temple when a middle-aged man besides me pinched me and disappeared in the crowd smiling on the face. It was so sudden that I couldn't make out what actually happened and how I could react?\" she said, adding, \"Some of the young boys and middle-aged men crowd the temple area for no reason and never missed a chance of touching a girl irrespective of her age.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762205", "title": "Plans for Kolkata collectorate in red-tape wrangle", "text": "KOLKATA: Unshackling itself from the red tape relating to some basic services, the City of Joy was to become a proper district run by a collector, according to a Cabinet decision taken by the Mamata Banerjee government on September 5. Ironically, the decision has hit a bureaucratic hurdle, reducing it to a non-starter.The idea behind the proposal was to create a single window for a host of public services, including those related to thika tenancy or rent control. All these services have remained a grey area for Kolkatans who don't know who to turn to for getting simple things done like issue of electronic photo identity card (EPIC). People sometimes turn to Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). The new collectorate's jurisdiction will extend across all 141 wards of the KMC and nine police stations of the Alipore sub-division would come under it.However, any policy relating to demography must be concurred with the high court. But in case of giving its nod to the proposal for creation of the Kolkata districts and the Kolkata sub-division, all that has happened in the last few months is exchange of a few letters shooting of letters are being sent to and fro and the much-awaited concurrence is still pending three months after the Cabinet decision was taken. The bone of contention is Calcutta City and Sessions Court Act, which the high court apprehends, might be overlapping with the collectorate formation.Even as the state judicial secretary, in his letter to the registrar general, high court, has clarified that the Kolkata collectorate's functioning doesn't, in fact, coincide with the Act in question, the state government's explanation doesn't seem to have cut an ice with the high court authorities. On September 18, the judicial secretary first sought the high court's permission for the proposal which was followed up on October 1. The registrar general wrote a letter that was received by Writers' Buildings on November 17 and the state government sent its reply on December 7.The process of high court concurrence is a long-drawn one. The proposal has to be placed before the chief justice first. After receiving his consent, it would be circulated among a committee of judges, who will express their opinion. This would again be vetted by the chief justice and then the registrar general would convey the concurrence to the judicial secretary.Since the collectorate has not been formed, the designation of the Kolkata collector remains officer on special duty (OSD), Kolkata district, personnel and administrative reforms (P&AR;) department. And IAS officer Avanindra Singh, who assumed charge on September 20, must bear with the weird tag. even after he assumed charge on September 20.He will handle land acquisition, stamp duty, rent control, treasury, residential certificates, domicile certificates, SC/ST/OBC certificates, census work and disbursement of central funds. Some of these services were available at KMC earlier. The collectorate will be responsible for paying the state government's pension to the elderly, widows and the physically challenged.Moreover, since the government is unable to issue the relevant notification for the collectorate, shifting to the Kolkata Collectorate building at 1, Harish Mukherjee Road has also come to a halt.The collector will be below the police commissioner and the municipal commissioner in the executive hierarchy, but he will have the same authority as a district magistrate, except for magisterial powers that will remain with the police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762561", "title": "Cops mourn constable's death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Constable Subhash Tomar, who was seriously injured and suffered cardiac arrest during the rioting at India Gate on Sunday, died on Tuesday morning at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.Following the death, the beleaguered city police - under fire for the bus gang rape and their handling of the resultant protests - pulled together, with commissioner Neeraj Kumar himself leading the mourners as a pall-bearer and reassuring the deceased's kin as head of the police family.Police also showed their intent to act tough on the protesters by adding the section of murder to the existing case of rioting and attempt to murder at the Tilak Marg police station.Tomar, 47, is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter. His body was consigned to flames amid chanting of hymns at Nigambodh Ghat crematorium at 3.45pm in the presence of many dignitaries. Besides the police chief, two special commissioners also lent their shoulders to the bier. Tomar's sons Deepak (22) and Sonu (18) performed the last rites.The rites were performed with state honours in the presence of all top officers of Delhi Police. Also present at the cremation were minister of state for home, RPN Singh, chief minister Sheila Dikshit , civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and home secretary RK Singh. The first to arrive at the cremation ground was the commissioner, who clearly wanted to send a message to his force.Commissioner Kumar stood with the CM for a few minutes before hurrying off to meet the home secretary. The body language of both, though, remained tense. Later, when asked if he had spoken to the CM about a letter from the DC, he answered in the negative. \"I spoke to her for a few minutes at the Nigambodh Ghat. We had no discussion on this issue,'' Kumar said.The CM remained at the entrance for some time, waiting for Ajit Singh while Kumar went about instructing officers to make the arrangements. Kumar assured the constable's wife and his two sons of all possible help.Terming Tomar's death \"unfortunate\", the civil aviation minister asked the government to set up more fast track courts in other parts of the country to speed up the trial in over 10,000 rape cases and provide speedy justice to the victims.Delhi Police, which has described the death of constable Tomar as extremely tragic, has decided that all personnel will donate a day's salary to his family. It has also announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 10 lakh, insurance money of Rs 5 lakh, Rs 3 lakh from the police welfare fund for the family, besides a job.\"Delhi Police family and our commissioner stand with his family and all compensation and other things admissible will be granted to him,\" said Delhi Police PRO Rajan Bhagat. A group of protesters gathered outside the crematorium demanding capital punishment to those responsible for the constable's death.The cremation ceremony, though, showed cracks between the people who run the city with the commissioner appearing uncomfortable with the CM, who has been asking for his resignation.Tomar was posted in the Karawal Nagar area and was called for maintaining law and order during Sunday's protests at India Gate over the gang rape of a 23-year-old on December 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762559", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Nirbhaya records statement again", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 23-year-old bus rape victim, named Nirbhaya by TOI, was made to record her statement again at Safdarjung Hospital on Tuesday, drawing objections from the medical fraternity on the need for a second statement when the first, recorded by an SDM, was not challenged. Police said the step was necessary as they did not wish to get into a legal tussle later.A senior police official said, \"We came to know about SDM Usha Chaturvedi's charges of pressure from police on Monday night, three days after she recorded the victim's statement. So, on Tuesday morning, we moved an application for doctors' permission to record the victim's statement again''. A team of psychiatrists analyzed the woman's condition before granting permission.Sources said the decision to record another statement was taken within hours of chief minister Sheila Dikshit complaining about police \"influence\" during the recording of the first statement, and was prompted by the victim's deteriorating health.\"We met our legal advisers at night and discussed the next step. If tomorrow the statement is challenged (on the ground of interference by police) and the trial is affected, we will be pulled up. We could not have asked for a judicial statement under section 164 of CrPC until the SDM took the statement under CrPC section 161, or the magistrate would have asked her to produce the victim in court. We informed the magistrate the victim cannot be brought before the court and her statement may be recorded in hospital,'' said the officer.The second statement was recorded by a metropolitan magistrate. \"This is a legal procedure: a victim would have to give her statement before a judicial magistrate under CrPC section 164 and now this statement will be admissible in court,\" said police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17762746", "title": "French restoration tech for Pune's heritage buildings", "text": "PUNE: Restoration of heritage sites in the city will soon be done the French way. The heritage department of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has teamed up with the French Embassy to renovate heritage buildings using their methods.A two-day international seminar held in the city on 'economics of heritage conservation' recently had experts brainstorm on 'heritage economics in Pune'. The PMC and Unesco-led Indian Heritage Cities Network (IHCN) and the French embassy had organised the seminar. The civic body and the IHCN signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) during the seminar to restore the old glory of the heritage structures in Pune.\"Experts from Italy, France and Japan expressed their views on conservation of heritage buildings in the city. They also shared ideas on how to earn profits from such an activity. During the seminar, several ideas were discussed of which the French methods seemed most appropriate for Pune,\" said Shyam Dhavale, head of PMC's heritage department.Dhavale said the heritage department has already started efforts to promote and preserve heritage structures in Pune. As a first step, it has come up with a comprehensive list of heritage structures. They refreshed the list for grade-3 heritage structures by identifying 15 more such monuments for conservation.Dhavale said, \"The inclusion of these structures has been done after a detailed study of various monuments over eight months. They were chosen on the basis of their history and architecture.\"The grade-3 heritage list comprises buildings and precincts of importance for the town that evoke architectural, aesthetic or sociological interest, though not as much as those on the grade-2 list.These contribute to determine the character of the locality and can be representative of the lifestyle of a particular community or region.The civic administration has classified approximately 250 structures under grade I, grade II and grade III, depending on their historical, architectural and cultural importance.\"Besides the process has begun to identify buildings where the French technology can be used. The structures will be selected on the basis of their present 'health'. Technologies like 'total remolding of the structure' can be used for buildings that are in a completely dilapidated state. Reworking them will help increase its life,\" said Dhavale.Besides the infrastructure technologies, different marketing methods will be used by the promoters of French architectures. Besides the foreign experts, local resource persons will be asked to participate in the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17761825", "title": "50, 000 reward for info on actors' sister, police question driver", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Relatives fear that Sandhya Singh (50), who went missing from Nerul in Navi Mumbai on December 15, may have been kidnapped for her jewellery valued at Rs 20 lakh.Sandhya, the sister of actors Sulakshana and Vijeta Pandit, is married to Customs and central excise commissioner Jaiprakash Singh. The Nerul police have declared a reward of Rs 50,000 to anyone who provides information about Sandhya's whereabouts.Investigators have also detained some suspects, including Sandhya's driver, for questioning.\"We cannot confirm whether the woman has been kidnapped as no ransom call or letter has been come,\" said Rajkumar Chaphekar, senior inspector of Nerul police station.\"Our investigation is under way,\" he added. Vijeta Pandit has not yet broken the news about their missing sister to Sulakshana Pandit, as she fears for her health. My eldest sister Sulakshana Pandit has been asking me since today (Tuesday) morning if I have wished happy birthday to Sandhya. She turned 50 today. My brother Lalit (of Jatin-Lalit musician duo fame) and I have been frequently going to the police to know about her,'' said Vijeta.According to kin, Sandhya loved to flaunt gold ornaments and had gone to a bank in Nerul to deposit valuables. Sources claimed that there are no CCTV cameras in the locality.Sandhya's husband Jayaprakash Singh is central excise commissioner. Vijeta said, \"My sister's brother-in-law is a police commissioner in Bangalore. The police has tried its level best; her mobile was last traced to a village nearby in Navi Mumbai.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17761814", "title": "3 more medical colleges on cards, but 4 still on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: A year ago, the state cabinet took a populist decision to set up four new medical colleges at Satara, Nandurbar, Alibaug and Mumbai from the on-going academic session. While the state government has failed to start even one of the four medical colleges, a week ago, the cabinet decided to set up three new medical colleges at Baramati, Gondia and Chandrapur.\"The cabinet has decided to set up a total of seven medical colleges across the state, but we are doubtful if the new colleges will start functioning from the ensuing academic session. Besides Rs 2,800 crore, we will require a total of 350 medical teachers and 700 non-teaching staff. Neither we have funds nor the staff, as suchThe entire project appears to be a distant dream,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI.After senior NCP leader Vijaykumar Gavit took over the reins of the medical education department, he proposed to set up a medical college in his hometown Nandurbar, he was followed by water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, who insisted on a new medical college in his home town Alibaug, while public health minister Suresh Shetty demanded a new medical college in Mumbai. After Prithviraj Chavan took over as CM, he insisted on a government medical college in Satara, his hometown. \"Then the cabinet approved a proposal for new medical colleges at Nandurbar, Satara, Alibagh and Mumbai, without making a budgetary provision for the new colleges,\" the bureaucrat said.Soon, deputy CM Ajit Pawar, Congress MLA Gopal Agarwal and Chandrapur legislator Vijay Wadettiwar demanded government medical colleges at Baramati, Gondia and Chandrapur. \"On December 20, the cabinet approved a proposal for new medical colleges at Baramati, Gondia and Chandrapur. Again, no budgetary provision was made for the new colleges,\" he said.The bureaucrat felt that instead of taking political decision, both CM and Ajit Pawar should take a realistic approach and decide the places where the new medical colleges should be set up.\"Setting up a medical college is a costly affair. For a new college, a provision of Rs 400 crore will have to be made, while it will require a teaching staff of 50 and non-teaching staff of 150,\" he said. The bureaucrat pointed out that there is an acute shortage of teaching staff, no steps have been taken by the state government to deploy teaching and non-teaching staff. \"Existing medical colleges are facing acute shortage of staff. Unless immediate measures are taken, it will not be possible for the government to meet the staff requirement,\" he said.According to a former dean, besides starting new medical colleges, the state government must take immediate steps for enhancing the capacity of the existing ones. \"The Centre and medical council of India has already permitted to enhance the intake capacity of existing medical colleges by 50. We must first increase the seats in medical colleges and then think about starting new ones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762534", "title": "BSNL hacker traced in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have traced the address of the hacker in Kota who allegedly hacked a BSNL server and made defunct the website of its Rajasthan telecom circle. The police said that the intranet portal of the BSNL had been rendered non-functional between November 27 and December 2 before the technical branch managed to restore it.According to the police, BSNL's Intranet Portal of Rajasthan telecom circle with the IP address of 210.212.99.149/rjintranet/ had been hacked on November 27.\"The assistant director of computers' section had given the police a complaint that they were witnessing some suspicious activities with SQL Injection technique. As a result of hacking into the server, the intranet portal of BSNL's Rajasthan intranet portal had become defunct for at least five days,\" SHO, Ashok Nagar Janesh Singh told TOI.Cyber security expert Mukesh Choudhary who helped the police in investigation said that the hacking had been carried out with help of some penetration tools including SQL Map. The police secured the logs of the website to trace the IP which was used to hack the server.\"The hacker had used proxy server of various countries, however, he made a mistake and left the trace of his original IP while hacking. The IP was traced to a person in Kota,\" said Choudhary.SHO Singh said that the address has been traced. \"We have identified the IP, but want to make sure about the identity of the hacker before moving forward in the case. Further investigation is on. The suspect is being interrogated,\" said Singh.The state has witnessed several attacks on the websites of Rajasthan government by hackers, exposing the poor cyber security arrangements. They had hacked the site of law department for the third time in November in the past three years and deleted the data and even stole it. An FIR was registered by the state government with Ashok Nagar police station against unidentified hackers, however, the police are yet to crack the case.\"It becomes difficult for the police to trace the hackers as they use proxy server from different server,\" said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17762798", "title": "Schoolteacher held on kidnap charge", "text": "MADURAI: Police have detained a government school teacher on charges of kidnapping a 20-year-old college girl.Police are inquiring if the charges against the school teacher are true, as he claimed the girl had willingly accompanied him. The girl also happens to be the school teacher's relative.Police said the man, Madhusingh, working as a physical training teacher in the government school at Karungalakudi near Kottampatti, was married and had two children.But he allegedly developed an affair with the girl who was residing at Adhanur near Vadipatti. When parents of the girl came to know about the affair, they warned Madhusingh and sent their daughter to a relative's house from where she was going to her college.But the girl went missing from the relative's house a few days back. After frantic searches, the parents suspected that the girl might have been lured by Madhusingh. Parents of the girl immediately lodged a police complaint alleging that Madhusingh had kidnapped their daughter. Police found that the girl was indeed with Madhu Singh and rescued her. They have also detained him at the police station for interrogation.Police are inquiring if the charges against the schoolteacher are true, as he claimed the girl had willingly accompanied him. The girl also happens to be the school teacher's relative. Madhusingh is married with two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761715", "title": "TRS, TDP invited to Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s swearing-in", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has extended invitation to two prominent anti-Congress parties TRS and TDP to his swearing-in ceremony on Wednesday.However, the parties chose to respond cautiously. While TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu is understood to have asked his brother-in-law and N Balakrishna, who received the invitation in his personal capacity as the member of the party, not to attend the ceremony, TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao has chosen a subtle way to congratulate Modi and, at the same time, express his inability to attend the programme in view of the all-party meeting on Telangana on December 28 in Delhi.\"Modi has invited KCR to the swearing-in ceremony, but our leader is not in a position to attend. Telangana is an important issue, and we are busy preparing for the all-party meeting. KCR will write to Modi congratulating him and expressing his inability to attend the ceremony,\" B Vinod Kumar, a politburo member of TRS saidMeanwhile, the YSR Congress that has already made its stand clear that it would keep its distance from communal parties such as BJP said it was not surprised by Modi's gesture. \"Modi's selective invitation is the clear indication of future political alliances. The former NDA partners and communal forces will re-group under one umbrella, and secular forces will be united against them,\" said PNV Prasad, state co-coordinator of the YSR Congress.However, the state BJP leaders, seeking to downplay the political factor, said one should not read much into it, as it was just a friendly gesture from Modi.\"It is nothing strange that leaders from other parties attending the swearing-in ceremony of a chief minister. Modi's stature has grown up as a national leader, and he is extended invitation as a courtesy. It is up to them to attend or not, but I think there is no need to see any politics in it,\" said G Kishan Reddy, state president of BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761492", "title": "Zaheer Khan still game for a fight, scalps five wickets in crucial tie", "text": "INDORE: Zaheer Khan wasn't his normal happy, chirpy self over the last four days. Clearly, he wasn't enjoying the fact that he was no longer playing for India, but deep down the fire was burning.And it all came forth on Tuesday as the champion left-arm pacer ran through the Madhya Pradesh middle-order with a spell of 5-79 to hand Mumbai a six-run victory in a Ranji Trophy Group A match.It was his 3.4-over burst just before tea that swung the match in Mumbai's favour. He needed some luck and Anki Sharma's uppish drive that went straight to Iqbal Abdullah turned out to be the one. Zaheer then induced the edge from MP's One-day specialist Udit Birla in the next over.Then it was Devendra Bundela's turn, whom he had bowled with a beauty in the first innings. The left-armer softened him up with a few shorts ones and eventually got him with a well-directed bouncer, thanks to Aditya Tare , who completed an exceptional diving catch.Bundela was the highest run-getter for MP this season before this match and his wicket in both innings certainly made the difference.After tea, as MP went for the chase, Zaheer came round the wicket to bring the ball back in and Rahul Bakshi only succeeded in edging the ball. Although Zaheer was lucky to have Anand Rajan , who got a bad decision, it doesn't take anything away from the paceman's efforts.After tea, his spell read 9.4-2-44-2. When the ninth wicket fell, Zaheer went off the field but soon came back knowing he would be required when tailender Ishwar Pandey and Amarjeet Singh were making mockery of Mumbai attack.Zaheer had bowled well in patches in the first innings. He bowled a second testing spell to MP skipper Devendra Bundela on Day 2 and eventually cleaned him up with a beauty. His last spell too was brilliant and had catches not been dropped his figures would have been much better.In the end, Zaheer would be happy with the outcome. He helped Mumbai save the blushes and showed North Zone selector Vikram Rathore that he isn't done yet.India still need his experience, especially in the longer format when the team is going through a transitional phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761629", "title": "At 16.2C, coldest day this season", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital experienced a chilly Christmas day with the sun making only a brief appearance in the afternoon and the mercury not rising above 16.2 degrees Celsius - five degrees below normal - making it the coldest day of the season in terms of daytime temperatures.The weatherman said dense fog is likely to continue for another day and will gradually start decreasing from Wednesday night. However, New Year could be a blinding affair as the fog may make a re-appearance by Saturday.The minimum temperature on Tuesday was 7 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal.Delhi University was the coldest spot in the capital with a maximum temperature of just 13.3 degrees Celsius.Temp falls as fog blocks sunlightMet officials said despite prolonged low visibility on Monday-Tuesday night, the situation was slightly better compared to the previous day as fog lifted an hour earlier on Tuesday morning. Dense fog set in earlier and remained till about 8am with visibility falling to zero for much of this period.\"On Tuesday there was no wind and humidity levels were quite high. The condition was similar to what was experienced on Monday and hence dense fog of a similar duration is expected on Wednesday as well. However, we are expecting a gradual reduction of fog from Wednesday night in view of an oncoming western disturbance,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.The WD is likely to impact the hills by December 29 and if the wind is favourable, another spell of dense fog could develop over the plains of northwest India from Saturday.Met officials said Tuesday's low temperature could have been a result of prolonged fog as low visibility conditions entered their third day. Also, even though the afternoon was clear, the fog had lifted from the surface level to higher atmospheric levels and remained as lower stratus clouds. \"This also prevented a good amount of sunlight to come through which would have helped the temperature to rise,\" said an official. Met officials said that the minimum temperature was likely to remain stable for the next two days though there could be a rise of up to a couple of degrees in the maximum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17761926", "title": "A merry Christmas for one and all in Mangalore", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a busy Tuesday for Suma Shenoy, an engineering graduate, who participated in the various Christmas celebrations conducted at her residential complex near Singanallur. \"Christmas is a celebration of joy and hope. From Christmas Carols to fun games, we had an eventful day. We ended with a cooking competition where I was the winner,\" she beams with pride.From carols and prayers to songs and dance programmes several events were held in different parts of the city on the eve of Christmas. Many churches began programmes on Monday evening which lasted up to early Tuesday morning. Youth groups could be seen going around the city singing carols wishing Merry Christmas accompanied with the dancing Santa Claus.\"We began the prayer services by 8pm. We had programmes of children and the youth, apart from the normal Christmas service,\" said J A Devadasam, the pastor of the Christ AG Church at Thudiyalur.There were dance performances by children while some showcased their theatrical aspirations by staging plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762411", "title": "Man booked for harassing girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have arrested Javed, 24, of Manimajra for molesting a 19-year-old girl near Government School, Mauli Jagran, Manimajra, on Tuesday. Accused Javed tried to escape but was apprehended by local residents and later handed over to the police. The victim was returning from her boutique when Javed started harassing her. The accused has been sent to judicial custody. A case was registered at Manimajra police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17761318", "title": "Kin suspect girl was gang-raped", "text": "MANGALORE: Parents of 17-year-old Nirmala (name changed) suspect that their daughter was murdered after a \"gang rape\" by at least three persons.They expressed their doubts before Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights team, which arrived at the victim's house at Pangala in Dharmasthala. Chairman of the commission HR Umesh Aradhya, members Vanita Torvi and B Shivarajegowda also visited the place, where her body was found, to collect information on the incident of rape and murder of the minor girl.Parents told the commission that there was no possibility of Santhosh Rao, who was arrested in connection with the case, committing the crime alone. \"At least three persons must have been involved in the rape and murder incident. The victim's sister will be able to identify the accused. She was murdered elsewhere and her body dumped at the spot where it was later found. The body was not there when we searched the same spot a day before. However, the body was found at the spot the next day,\" parents informed the commission.Umesh Aradhya told reporters that the commission would make arrangements to submit the information collected on the minor girl's rape and murder to the court through the department concerned. \"The matter is being investigated by the CID, and the commission will ensure that the investigation is not delayed,\" he said. Her family members also expressed their anger on the late arrival of the commission.The minor girl was found raped and murdered on October 9 at Pangala near Dharmasthala. Eyewitnesses said that they had seen the girl get down from the bus at Pangala, 8 km from Ujire, near Shantivana Hospital to go to her house. From the bus stop her house is just about a kilometer's walk, but the place is totally deserted. The victim's body was found at a deserted spot inside the forest near the house at 11am on October 10 by villagers.Though Delhi is witnessing intense protest against the gang rape of a 23-year-old para-medical student, the district has not seen any such mass movement in connection with the minor girl's rape and death.Many political parties and students organizations had held protests at various places in the district. Public is expressing their anger through Facebook and other social networking sites than protests.A banner questioning the minor girl's death had surfaced at Kaniyoor recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17762481", "title": "Open, shut, open: Police flip-flops on key roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after the police had lifted traffic restrictions across all roads leading to India Gate and Raisina Hills, the prohibitory orders were back in place by Tuesday morning - upsetting plans of revellers to soak in the Christmas spirit. The police flip-flop though did not end there. By evening, Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said they had normalized traffic around India Gate even as five Metro stations - shut till 5 pm - began functioning. Another two hours later, the two other Metro stations too began functioning.Kumar however said that it was too early to tell if things will normalize from Wednesday. \"The security situation will be reviewed on Wednesday morning and a decision taken accordingly,'' he said.Kumar gave two reasons for deciding to shut down central Delhi till evening. \"We had been told by intelligence agencies that several political parties would be trying to come to India Gate on Tuesday taking help of the fact that it would be a holiday. The agencies also told us that they have inputs of terror organizations trying to breach security and reach the protest spot. Hence we had to shut down the India Gate area,'' said the commissioner.Meanwhile shop owners said their business was hurt due to the lockdown. Harjit Kochhar, the owner of a gift shop in CP, said, \"The Christmas days are big selling days, but as they have closed most of the important Metro stations, including Rajiv Chowk, our business has gone down by 80%.\"The pubs in CP await this time of the year for high profits. But this year, they bore a sombre mood. \"Last year we had 300-400 customers for Christmas lunch, but this year we received only 40-50 customers, 30% being foreigners,\" said Feroz Ali, the manager of QBA Restaurant and bar. He said that even his friends in Khan Market are facing the same problem. \"If this continues till New Year, it will have a very bad effect on our business,\" he added.Anjali, 24-year-old Delhi University student, who loves shopping in CP during Christmas, says, \"I can't tell you how difficult it was for me to reach CP from Rohini where I live. I took an auto from Kashmiri Gate Metro station who charged double. While going back also I think I'll face the same problem. Due to the diversion of the route even the autowallas were not agreeing to go to the Central Delhi.\"Several others who wanted to visit the Sacred Heart Cathedral faced the same commuting horrors as the two nearby Metro stations, Patel Chowk and Rajiv Chowk remained closed for the second consecutive day.(Inputs from Tejasvi Khurana, Isha Banerjee and Anvit Srivastava)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761270", "title": "Pubs to rope in women bouncers for New Year bash", "text": "HYDERABAD: With New Years' Eve only days away, city hangouts are immersed in arrangements for the big day with special focus being laid on security measures this time around at pubs, resorts and hotels.Organisers of various special parties and events said more security guards are being roped in besides putting in place arrangements for checking and frisking.The recent brutal gang-rape of a paramedical student in New Delhi and rising incidents of crime against women which have got the entire nation questioning steps being taken for women's safety seems to have gotten to the party planners too.Some are even going one step ahead by planning to have women bouncers and security guards to accompany guests back home in cabs.\"We are in talks with some companies regarding having a few women bouncers in the pub only for New Year's Eve to focus specially on the safety of the women guests,\" said Ravi Rao, director of Rain pub.\"We are also planning to have a special cab counter within the premises for people who want to avail themselves of their services after the event,\" he added. They also plan to increase the number of bouncers to 40 from the usual 10 they engage for the New Year celebrations every year.\"For single guest coming to attend the New Year bash,We will be taking extra precautions like having security guards even in the parking lots and bouncers to pay special attention to the security of our female guests,\" said Alex Philip, manager of Xtreme Sports Bar at Jubilee Hills.He added that around 10 extra bouncers and 20 additional security guards would be employed for the event and arrangements to call cabs for guests after the party too would be made.These events, which are organized at a whopping cost ranging between Rs 20 lakh and Rs 50 lakh, attract thousands of party animals from the city every year. To lift up the spirits of the guests, the organizers are also planning to bring in DJs from the United Kingdom and other European countries and dancers and performers from abroad.Golkonda Resorts, which is bringing in a special DJ from the UK along with other performers too has upped its security this time with mandatory frisking and checking.\"Around 25 extra security guards are being hired and we are providing drivers for our guests. All these drivers are being thoroughly screened and we are taking the responsibility of ensuring that our guests reach home safely,\" said an official from the resort.Meanwhile, city police officials too are set to take extra precautions this year. A senior official revealed that certain major roads and flyovers like Necklace Road and NTR Marg will be closed to the public after around 10 pm on December 31 and all the senior officials will be on the streets, with intensified patrolling near hotels and venues of parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766878", "title": "Actor Charles Durning is dead", "text": "Charles Durning, a decorated World War II veteran and multifaceted actor who was twice nominated for the Oscar, died of natural causes at his home in New York City, his agent told People magazine Tuesday. He was 89.Appearing in more than 100 films and scores of television shows, Durning established a reputation as a first-class character actor with a knack for comedy.Durning, who saw action in the Normandy invasion and the Battle of the Bulge, received a Silver Star and three Purple Hearts for his World War II service.His professional acting career started when producer Joseph Papp hired him for the New York Shakespeare Festival.The Highland Falls, New York native got his first big film role in 1973, playing a crooked policeman pursuing Paul Newman and Robert Redford in \"The Sting \".He portrayed the suitor of a cross-dressing Dustin Hoffman in \"Tootsie\" before picking up an Oscar nomination in 1983 as a corrupt governor in \"The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas\".Durning's second Oscar nod came the following year, for his depiction of a Nazi officer in the Mel Brooks comedy \"To Be or Not to Be\".His other film appearances include \"Dog Day Afternoon\", \"Dick Tracy\", \"The Muppet Movie\" and \"Home for the Holidays\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762263", "title": "Amit Chaudhuri bags Infosys Prize", "text": "KOLKATA: Though India has always been adjudged the best when it comes to creation of literature, it lags behind when it comes to serious literary thinking, feels writer Amit Chaudhuri . It is this gap that he has been striving to fill and it is this effort that has just been lauded by the Infosys Science Foundation.Chaudhuri has become the first winner of the newly instituted Infosys Prize for Humanities - Literary Studies, which is creating a lot of waves in the literary circuit not only for its august jury but also for the fact that it perhaps carries the biggest purse in the country, that of Rs 50 lakhs.Naturally, the author, who shuttles between the UK where he teaches and the city where his roots are, is \"delighted\". Chaudhuri is presently celebrating Christmas with his family here and said that he is especially happy that the jury of such international calibre considered him worthy of the award.Chaired by Nobel laureate Amartya Sen , the jury included Leila Seth, the first woman high court chief justice of the country and also author Vikram Seth's mother, Homi Bhabha, Rothenberg professor of English and American literature at Harvard University , Akeel Bilgrami, Johnsonian professor of philosophy, Columbia University, Sheldon Pollock, professor of South Asian Studies, Columbia University and Upendra Baxi, professor of law in development, University of Warwick .Chaudhuri has been awarded for his \"imaginative and illuminating writings in literary criticism, which reflect a complex literary sensibility, great theoretical mastery along with a probing sense of detail,\" says the citation.It exudes praise for Chaudhuri's genre of work and goes on to explain that in awarding Chaudhuri, the Infosys prize for humanities recognizes and celebrates the intellectual reach and quiet humanity in his extraordinary writings. Chaudhuri teaches contemporary literature in the University of East Anglia, Norwich, but spends a lot of time writing, both fiction and non-fictional critical appreciation of literature. Starting with his earliest critical analysis of DH Lawrence to his present works on understanding and appreciating Tagore, Chaudhuri has received world acclaim for his research based on serious thinking.\"In the absence of an atmosphere of valuation and review of literature, Indians naturally follow Western reactions. As a result, original analytical thinking is missing in our body of works causing a vacuous state in our intellectual life. Even the appreciation of language is affected; and language is embedded in literature,\" reasons Chaudhuri.Interestingly, while Chaudhuri is popularly considered to be one of the Indo-Anglican writers, who have taken Indian writing in English to the world, he is one of its severe critics too. He believes that though Indian writing, especially fiction, remains confined to tales that are essentially set in India or are about India, this might not always generate the expected level of interest among readers of the Western world, especially among those outside the Indian diaspora .\"My writing is essentially eventless. I concentrate more on the language and its nuances while I write. It is for my readers to say if my language appeals even to those who do not have their roots in India,\" Chaudhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17763256", "title": "Nagaswaram makers hard put to create music", "text": "CHENNAI: GP Sundarajan and his son S Gunasekaran sit on the floor of their house in Narasinganpettai and align a wide wooden base with a tube of ebony to create the skeleton of a nagaswaram. Between them, the father and son have more than 70 years of experience crafting this south Indian wind instrument used in Carnatic music concerts and temple festivals, but the art is likely to die with them.Sundarajan, 79, and Gunasekaran, 50, are part of a community of 20 people who live in Narasinganpettai village, about 18km from Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district. Just five traditional families here make nagaswarams. Their children are reluctant to follow in their footsteps as the work is hard, the money little, and the raw materials difficult to procure.\"After completing my graduation 25 years ago, I looked for other jobs but could not find any. So, I decided to take up the traditional art. My children do not want to and I do not wish them to do this,\" says Gunasekaran.Making the instruments requires a lot of skill and work. The long, narrow body or ulavu is made from the wood of the ebony tree, usually procured from the beams of old houses in Cuddalore, Puducherry, Villupuram, Thiruvannamalai and Aarani. Middlemen usually procure the wood. The lower portion or anasu is made from wood of the siris or vaagai tree that is available locally. The mouth piece or seevazhi is made of a reed found in Thiruvalangai near Narasinganpettai. Each nagaswaram sells for between Rs 7,000 and Rs 10,000 in the retail market but the artisans make just a fraction of this.\"It takes three days and three artisans to make one nagaswaram,\" says N G N R Selvaraj, 51, the older son of N G N Renganatha Aachari who invented the vaari nagaswaram in 1955 for nagaswaram exponent T N Rajarathinam Pillai. Selvaraj says they want the government to recognize their work. \"It will encourage us to continue the art. Our exceptional quality is not recognised,\" he says.The artisans say it is hard to get ebony wood. \"We have to struggle to get the wood as officials do not let us transport the wood without bills. It is not possible to get the bills while buying second-hand wood,\" says Sundarajan.Dhenuga, an art critic in Kumbakonam, says, \"The government has allotted enough funds to protect such dying traditions, but they were not used properly and were returned. The money should be used to honour artists and artisans and train more students.\"NagaswaramWhat is it: Wind instrumentMade of: Ebony and vaagai woodExponents: Seshampatti Sivalingam, Namagiripettai Krishnan, T N Rajaratnam Pillai, Sheikh Chinna MaulanaOther associations: Also known as 'mangala vadya' or auspicious instrument as it is played in temples, processions, festivals and marriagesThe nagaswaram has a long narrow body made of ebony that gradually enlarges toward the lower end made of vaagai wood. It has seven playing holes on the upper end and five lower down. Playing a nagaswaram is rather challenging as the artist has to use a circular breathing technique to ensure continuous flow of air into the instrument. This allows sustained notes but it also means that the player has to breathe in through his nose while simultaneously blowing into the mouthpiece", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761388", "title": "NIA seeks UK aid to foil Punjab militancy revival", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Investigation Agency (NIA) has sought the UK's help in its probe against certain social organizations and groups trying to fund the revival of Sikh militant group Babbar Khalsa International (BKI).The agency has written to UK authorities seeking help under the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty between India and Britain. It has sought details of all NGOs and groups that it suspects are being used by independent interests or the ISI to route money to BKI. It has asked for account details of these groups, details of their financial dealings, details of donations into their account and the activities they have been associated with in the UK.NIA has also given UK authorities a list of suspected operatives of BKI and Khalistan Zindabad Force that it suspects are in the UK. It has asked UK authorities to monitor their movements and give it as much details as possible about their activities, both past and present.NIA had in September registered an FIR alleging that certain groups and NGOs were illegally routing funds to BKI to revive its militant activities. Most of these groups were based in Canada, UK and Germany.Sources said over 20 websites and close to 50 groups on various networking sites have been put under the scanner for trying to revive the movement by asking people to never forget the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in Delhi and Operation Bluestar.Sources said several NGOs based in the UK have been collecting funds in the name of helping the widows of those killed in Operation Bluestar and the victims of 1984 riots. Much of this money is being transferred via hawala, legal bank transfers or human courier, sources said.The fronts floated by BKI on the internet have been urging the Sikh community settled abroad to generously donate for the people fighting against the government. They are also hiring and training foreign militants to carry out attacks in India, sources said.\"We need more evidence to establish the flow of funds out of these NGOs into BKI's cause. That is why we have written to UK authorities to help us,\" said an NIA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17761385", "title": "Monk injured as stir against dams heats up in Tawang", "text": "ITANAGAR: The situation is tense in Tawang after hundreds of people, mostly monks and villagers led by the Save Mon Region Federation (SMRF), took out a rally from Tawang Monastery in protest against the construction of dams in the district.Security personnel resorted to lathi charge and teargas to disperse anti-dam activists which led to a clash. Many protesters and a few security personnel were injured. A monk was severely injured and had to be shifted to a hospital later, sources said.The situation turned ugly when the mob started pelting stones at the security personnel, demanding immediate release of seven detained activists, including SMRF general secretary Lobsang Gyatso, sources added.The protesters expressed resentment over the signing of 140 MoUs on hydroelectric projects with power developers in the region. They alleged that the state government had signed MoUs for 15 projects with private power developers in Tawang district without proper consent from the villagers.The protesters said hydroelectric power projects in Tawang will pose a serious threat to the ecological balance of the region. Tawang is home to many endangered species like the red panda and macau and construction of mega power projects will bring these rare animals on the verge of extinction, they said.Arunachal town under curfewTension prevailed in Miao town under Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh for the third consecutive day on Tuesday following a clash between Chakma refugees and indigenous Singpho residents over a plot of land. Violence erupted in town after a group of Chakma refugees burnt down several houses of Singpho community after they were asked to vacate a plot of land.The local administration on Monday initiated talks between leaders of both the parties to maintain peace in the area but when efforts failed, the administration clamped prohibitory orders under section 144 of the CrPC. Chief minister Nabam Tuki expressed serious concerns on the violence and convened a high level meeting to deal with the situation. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17762226", "title": "Make molestation non-bailable: Rights body", "text": "KOLKATA: State human rights commission will write to the state government once again, asking the latter to make molestation a non-bailable offence and increase the quantum of punishment for the same from two years to five years.Using force on a woman to violate her modesty, however, is treated less grave than rape.\"Since it is a bailable offence, police allow the accused to walk out on bail. , without keeping him in custody,Thus, the interest of the molest victims are at peril,\" a rights body official said.Earlier, the commission had written to the state for amending the law for the safety of women, as molestation cases are on the rise. But the state is still sitting on the file. Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly, after becoming the chairman of the state human rights commission in April 2012, had urged the state government to raise the quantum of punishment for molestation. Now, the commission wants to send a reminder. The commission officials felt that if the state makes molestation a non-bailable offence, the police will handle it more seriously. The commission also had expressed concern at the rise in number of offences against women in the state.Justice Ganguly said that once molestation is made a non-bailable offence, the police will be left with no other option but to arrest the guilty. \"Arrests are very rare in most of the molestation cases now,\" there is no arrest now and accused are not punished,Justice Ganguly added. According to him, if there is an attempt to rape, police start a case of molestation and allow the accused to walk free.But the former Supreme Court judge feeling the graveness of the issue wants to convert the offence into a non-bailable one. Moreover, the increased period of punishment for five years is also going to act as deterrent.He said that states like Odisha and Andhra Pradesh have already amended the concerned legal provisions of 354 IPC. Moreover, in Madhya Pradesh an additional section - 354A - has been introduced to enhance the punishment for molestation to ten years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17762573", "title": "Rajasthan govt to have little says in land acquisitions: Ramesh", "text": "JAIPUR: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday said that the new land acquisition law would ensure that state governments have little say in land acquisition process. The bill is to be tabled in the parliament which will ensure that the rights of farmers could be protected.Ramesh, who was on a day's visit to the state to unveil the statues of martyrs, Ashok Verma and Kailash Meena at Bassi tehsil, addressed public gatherings and said the new bill will ensure the government do not force their way for land acquisition.\"The present 118-year old law was drafted during the British times and favours the rich and the industrialists. The new law, which will be introduced soon, would ensure that the farmers, those without any land, SC and ST benefit of its provisions,'' he said. He added that the new law would ensure that the farmers are properly compensated for the land acquired from them and also that the state governments provide them with developed land in return.Ramesh applauded the leadership of chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Speaking at two functions in Bassi region in the afternoon, Ramesh said the Gehlot government's BPL Rural Housing Scheme and free medicine programme were excellent and could be examples for other states to follow.\"Transparent and effective implementation of the housing projects is something which other state can surely follow from Rajasthan,\" said Ramesh. He appreciated the state government's other flagship programmes and claimed it to be unprecedented and progressive in the country.Ramesh also mentioned that Naxalism remains as one of the biggest challenges in the country. \"Nearly 82 districts are affected with Maoist problem and these people do not have any faith in law and constitution.The event also took a political colour when MP from Dausa, Kirorilal Meena pulled Gehlot in a diplomatic manner. \"I do not know if you get martyrdom in next election but you have done a great favour to me by removing my wife from cabinet.\"Taking swipe on Meena, Gehlot said that on the function of martyrs he would avoid anything related to politics but whatever will happen in the elections will soon be decided. He said to the gathering \"you should not fall for Meena. Each one of you know both of us quite well.\"State rural development minister Mahendrajit Singh Malviya was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17762869", "title": "Panchayat polls acid test for Congress", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ruling Congress is going all out to retain its top position in the panchayat election, but with incumbency from its three-time governance in the state weighing heavy, the coming rural polls pose to be an acid test for the party ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.If the Congress manages to win this panchayat election, it will be a record third victory in a row. In the last election in 2007-08, Congress won 10,400 of the seats at all levels of panchayati raj system, out of 25,975 seats in the 20 districts where elections were held.Pradesh Congress president Bhubaneswar Kalita is optimistic. \"We have the strongest base at the grass roots. No other party has as strong a base as we have. Victory will be ours again,\" he said.For the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), after a disastrous show in the last assembly election, the upcoming election threatens to dislodge the party from its second position it secured in the last panchayat election. For the regional party, its biggest rivals are not Congress, but BJP and All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF).In 2007-08 panchayat election, the AGP won 4030 seats. Party leader Atul Borah (junior) said, \"We are very optimistic about a better victory this time. Widespread corruption by Congress will spell doom for it this time.\"The BJP, on the other hand, has a new president and all eyes are now on the new president, Sarbananda Sonowal. The party finished fourth behind AIUDF with 1,874 seats and has more to win than lose this time.Sonowal said, \"We are going to give the people a corruption-free panchayat this time as people will discard the corrupt Congress.\"The AIUDF believes it can perform better than last time if the elections are conducted in a free and fair way, its leader Hafiz Bashir Qasimi said. The AIUDF won 2290 seats in the 2007-08 panchayat election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17761688", "title": "Diamond-studded pen a big draw at Hyderabad book fair", "text": "HYDERABAD: One of the world's costliest pen at Rs 75 lakh along with books on motivation, religion and fiction drew hundreds of Hyderabadis to the annual book fair in the city, with some even buying the white gold and 650 diamond-encrusted pen as gifts to mark the Christmas.Organisers said the 27th Hyderabad book fair was bigger compared to last year with 288 stalls and 40 more stalls erected due to high demand. The The 12-day fair came to an end on Christmas day with thousands swarming in to buy books and gifts on the concluding day.\"There were book launches almost everyday, especially local language books and poem collections, and they were a big hit,\" said R Hanmanth Rao, president of the Hyderabad Book Fair Society.Incidentally, the fair also had other attractions beside books. There were educational toys, scientific aids and pens and for the first time in Hyderabad, Emonte Pens Private Limited introduced a Ripple HRH, a fountain pen which was worth Rs 75 lakh, organisers said. The white gold and diamond-encrusted pen has only 39 pieces worldwide and has been a great crowd-puller here. There were a few buyers who bought this precious pen.\"But we cannot disclose the names of the buyers due to our company policy,\" said Swapnil Kennedy, regional manager, South India. \"It's not just elite sections alone, but we have special pens for even the common man. The price range starts at Rs 75 and go up to 75 lakhs.\"One ivory fountain pen, worth Rs 2 lakh was also sought after by people at the fair. The modestly priced pens with magnetic caps make them a favourite with many enthusiasts. \"The price range of fountain pens starts from Rs 2,000 and buyers mostly want pens in the range of Rs 500 to Rs 1000,\" said Kennedy.\"I am coming here for the second time to show the pen to my grandchildren,\" said Komala Valli, a retired government employee.Major publishers like Harper Collins, Cambridge University Press, Oxford University and Pearson were among those present and people were seen ambling across the fair carrying books in hand.Interestingly, one of the most popular books in the fair being Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams' (TTD) 15-volume Mahabharata. Priced at Rs 2,315, the book was bought by many history lovers and retired people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17766715", "title": "Taylor Swift 'most charitable star of 2012'", "text": "Taylor Swift beat Miley Cyrus to become the most charitable star of 2012.Moving all the way up from last year's 20th spot, the 23-year-old singer was recognized by DoSomething.org for her 4-million-dollar donation to the Country Hall of Fame museum, People magazine reported.The 'Love Story' hit-maker is also the youngest recipient of the Ripple of Hope Award from the Robert F. Kennedy Center for her charitable efforts.Cyrus fell just one spot short of Swift, making it to the list for numerous reasons, including promotion of Saving Spot! Rescue - a non-profit dedicated to finding dogs from high-kill shelters a home.Other celebrities who made it to the top 10 were Channing Tatum , Lady Gaga , Justin Bieber , Robin Roberts , Pink, LeBron James , Selena Gomez and Ian Somerhalder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17761146", "title": "Study to explore forest-water relation in Narmada catchment area", "text": "INDORE: A study will be carried out to find out the co-relation between forest and water in Narmada catchment area. A proposal in this regard given by forest department was approved in principal during the meeting of scientists and members of study project on climate change and availability of water from forest ecosystem.The study is being carried out by Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) in association with Madhya Pradesh forest Department, State Forest Research Institute (SFRI) and Tropical Forest Research Institute (TFRI) on 'Energy and Mass exchange in vegetative system' to find out the scientific co-relation between forest and availability of water. Findings of the study will help in understanding how much forest cover is required to safeguard the water requirements of a particular population or city.Dr JS Parihar from Space Application Centre of ISRO and assistant principal conservator of forest (Carbon and Climate Change Cell) of Madhya Pradesh A Sonakia gave in principal approval for study in forest areas of Indore to understand its co-relation with Narmada water.Elaborating on the study, one of the ISRO scientists said that tropical forest plays an important role in exchange process of solar energy into carbon, vegetation and water.\"For proper understanding the phenomena of climate change, it is necessary to study the balance of energy, water and carbon through model studies,\" Sonakia said, adding the study is in progress at 63 locations in forest areas of MP.Agrometeorological station (AMS) has been set up at 10 places in Kanha, Bandhavgarh and Madhav National Parks which provide information regarding energy emission and certain other factors from vegetative species.At watershed areas of Kanha National Park, transfer of water through the water cycle is also being studied. The main objective of the study of water cycle is to estimate the availability of above ground and below ground water, to estimate availability of water in natural channels and water flow in forested areas, to estimate contribution of forest on annual availability of water from under ground storage and its variation and to estimate the effect of climate change on availability of surface and surface water through scientific and mathematical modeler studies.The study will also help in understanding of ecological process and lead to management of forest and decision for management of forest on the basis of scientific findings.\"Everyone knows forest is important for river but it has no scientific support yet. The study will help in giving precise information like how much forest is required for safeguarding water for how much population,\" said the ISRO scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17762414", "title": "Christmas warmth melts biting cold", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A large number of city residents attended prayers at Christ King Cathedral, Sector 19, on Christmas. No one seemed to mind long queues to light candles. A special mass prayer was conducted at 11am and sessions held across the city lasted around three hours. The bishop prayed for love and peace in the family and the world.\"The actual celebration of Christmas is complete when understand your God. He is born to love you and care for you,\" said the bishop. Children thoroughly enjoyed the \"Santa Rocks\" musical in the evening. Youth members of the Church sang \"jingle bells.\"While many church goers sang the classic carols, others pitched in with Punjabi and Hindi variants. \"We feel happy singing carols. We enjoy going carol singing in a group,\" said Kevin William , member of the youth carol group.The highlight of the occasion was Santa's grand entrance. Jovial as ever, he distributed gifts, chocolates, candies and balloons to the little ones. Unmindful of the biting cold, devotees basked in the warmth of the Christmas spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-26"}
