{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15611365", "title": "Wicket should help our seamers: Ross Taylor", "text": "HYDERABAD: A series defeat is always hard to digest especially when the team is expected to do better. The New Zealand tour to the West Indies last month proved to be a miserable one for the visitors and as if that wasn't enough they are now in India locking horns with the hosts in a two-Test and two T20 International series, starting at the RJIC stadium, here, on Thursday.Skipper Ross Taylor is under no illusion of the enormity of the challenge but is hoping that his boys will somehow find the inspiration and will power to turn things around. \"We know we have to play and perform a lot better than we did in the West Indies. I haven't seen the wicket today. It may cut and swing around a bit in the first hour. We hope to put the batsmen under pressure,\" Taylor said on match-eve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609924", "title": "Rain takes toll on bird and animal life", "text": "JAIPUR: The incessant rain late on Tuesday night killed countless birds and animals in the city. Corpses of pigeons, parrots, vultures, dogs and cows were recovered from low-lying areas while many others were buried under the ground due to the pressure of water.The tragedy surfaced as water started receding in the morning. Hundreds of pigeons were electrocuted while asleep at night. Stray dogs and cats had a tough time wading through the deep waters.The animal activists and forest officials ran from one part of the city to another rescuing birds and animals. \"Our activists have recued 11 dogs who had taken ill after guzzling excessive water and sand particles,\" said Geraldine Jain, founder director of Aashray adding that their volunteers saw corpses of many birds under high-tension wires.Another NGO, People for Animal, travelled across the city to rescue dogs and birds. They reported maximum damage on the Amanashah-Ka-Nalla route, which is a habitat for different species of birds and offers abundant prey for dogs and vultures.\"The gushing water in the nalla has uprooted many trees and eroded habitats of animals leading to death of dogs, cats and cattle,\" said Sahil Singhal, a member of People for Animal, while adding that their volunteers have informed Jaipur Municipal Corporation about the dead animals to avoid spread of any disease.Uprooted trees rendered hundreds of birds homeless. \"Every trees gives shelter to hundreds of birds. Now they will have to look for shelter elsewhere,\" said Jain.Even at the zoo the situation was bad. An electrocuted eagle was rescued in critical condition from there. The city has very few NGOs working for animals and birds and those active are also pressed for resources.At Jharkhand road, two cows were hit by a truck. Many birds were also hit by lightening.eomJaipur: The incessant rains last night killed hordes of birds and animals in the city. The corpse of pigeons, parrots, vultures, dogs, cattles and cows were recovered from low laying areas while many others were buried under the tons of sand gushed with rain water.The tragedy surfaced as water started receding at many places in the morning. Hundreds of Pigeons were electrocuted while resting in the night. The stray dogs and cats had a tough time wading through their head-deep water.The animal activist and forest officials ran from one part of city to another rescuing birds and animals. \"Our activist has recued 11 dogs that were not keeping well. They become ill because of drinking excessive water and gulping sand particles,\" said Geraldine Jain, founder director of Aashray while adding that their volunteers saw many corpse of many birds under high tension wires.Another NGO, People for Animal had extensively travelled across the city to rescue dogs and birds. They saw maximum damage at Amanashah-Ka-Nalla route which is habitat of different species of birds and offers abundant food for dogs and vultures.\"The gushing water in the nalla has uprooted many trees and eroded the habitat of animals leading to death of dogs, cattle and cats,\" said Sahil Singhal, member of People for Animal, while adding that their volunteers have informed Jaipur Municipal Corporation of the location of dead animals to avoid any infectious disease.The rain saw hundreds of birds homeless with the uprooting of trees at many places while felling of branches at other places. \"Every trees gives shelter of hundreds of birds. Now they have to look for new destination which is very difficult due to rapid urbanization,\" said Jain.Even at zoo the situation was very bad. An electrocuted eagle was rescued from the zoo in critical condition. The situation was worst in the cramped living of walled city. Here the animals were run for shelter for one place to another. The city has very few NGO working for animals and birds with limited resources.At Jharkhand road two cows were hit by truck. Even hordes of birds were electrocuted due to lightening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15611253", "title": "55,000 Sonipat families struck off from BPL list, take out protest march", "text": "SONIPAT: The district administration's decision to striking off 55,000 families from the list of below the poverty line (BPL) list has evoked angry reaction from the beneficiaries who carried out a protest march on Wednesday demanding re-inclusion of their names in the list.Hundreds raising anti-government slogans submitted a memorandum of their demands to the district revenue officer at the mini-secretariat. They threatened to resort to agitation if the government failed to redress their grievances.The district administration has cancelled BPL cards of 55,000 families from the district, including 13000, living in Sonipat town about 10 months ago.They were supported by the BJP MLA Kavita Jain, who led them to march to the mini-secretariat. She demanded new survey and to include the names of actual beneficiaries so that the poor families can get the benefit of the BPL schemes of the government.Addressing them near Shani Mandir Chowk, Jain alleged that striking off names of large number of families from BPL list discriminately. \"The administration also stopped the ration supply of these card holders to the concerned depot holders; whereas in other districts the supply was not stopped till the release of the new survey report. These families should continue to get the benefits until a fresh list is prepared\", she maintained.Urging the administration to prepare and release a new survey report soon, the BJP legislature announced that she would raise this issue in the coming session of the state assembly and this agitation would continue till the eligible BPL families were restored their cancelled cards. DRO, Suresh Kumar assured that the new list of the eligible BPL families would be sent soon for supply of ration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609287", "title": "Raped for resisting goon's indecent lure", "text": "KOLKATA: The gang-rape in the posh Golf Garden area last Friday was not a spur-of-the-moment crime. The victim told TOI on Wednesday that the rapists tried to lure her through a mediator and when that failed, they kidnapped her.The prime suspects in the case are threatening her, she said.Back in her home for the first time in six days, the 22-year-old woman seemed to be having trouble walking steady. She is still in a daze and clearly in shock.She says that a woman she did not know introduced her to a new household for a domestic help's job. Then the woman kept insisting that she speak with Sharif Ali Molla - the prime accused in the gang-rape.Molla, who is custody, hails from an influential and wealthy family. He also acts as a caddie in the gold club. The victim says the accused have begun threatening her family for daring to go to police. \"First, there was a 'request' to withdraw the complaint. Now, the request has turned into threats. Some women from the accused's family have visited the houses of people who had spoken to the media,\" said the victim's brother-in-law Nabakumar Naskar.Last Friday, when the 22-year-old was going from her Madaritala home to buy medicines for her ailing son, she was waylaid by a gang of at least six men. They gagged and bundled her into an abandoned guardroom on a disputed plot on H P Dutta Lane in Golf Garden, where she was raped.A young boy passing by saw the kidnap and ran to the slum to seek help. Some other kids had heard her screams and also alerted the adults.A group of slum dwellers went to the guard room and found the woman lying stripped and unconscious. She was bleeding from injuries to her face. Molla was caught on the spot and handed to police.Meanwhile, another co-accused in the case, Sk Quader Ali, surrendered in Alipore court on Wednesday. He was remanded in police custody till August 27. According to the FIR, Quader facilitated the capture of the victim, helped drag her into the room, and later locked it from outside.The victim was taken to the nearby MR Bangur Hospital and from there to Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital where she regained consciousness at around 3.45am on Saturday. Since then, she is being constantly protected by her husband, sister-in-law and brother-in-law. She misses her four-year-old son who has been temporarily shifted to his maternal grandparents' house in Mandirbazar.\"I was irritated by the strange behaviour of the woman who introduced me to the household. Twice she pressed her mobile against my ear and asked me to speak. Ami phone e onno loker katha shune ghabre gechhi (I was shocked to hear the voice of an unknown person). We are new to this part of Madiratala slum. I knew no one well other than my sister-in-law and brother-in-law. I was quite harsh on her that day,\" the victim recollected.The person on the other end of the phone was quite brazen and indecent, she remembers. \"He was indiscreet in his sexual advances over the phone. He told her that he wanted to 'have fun with her'. When she warned him that he would tell her husband and brother-in-law, Sharif Ali said that no one dare touch him. He insisted that he would have her anyway,\" said Bharati Naskar, the victim's sister-in-law.Police are yet to identify this mysterious woman. The victim says she never imagined that the gang would be so brazen as to kidnap and rape her.\"I never had any inkling that the person on the phone would pounce on me,\" she said, breaking into tears.HP Dutta Lane was unusually dark that evening. All the street lamps were shattered by a gang of hoodlums to facilitate their nefarious activities - drinking, gambling and drug abuse.\"I was walking quickly because I wanted to get home and give my son his medicine. Suddenly, before I realised what was happening, a hand covered my mouth, and four more hands picked me up and bundled me into the dark room. My hands were tied behind her back and my mouth was strapped. I was stripped. Some of the men went out and locked the room from outside,\" she said.The sexual assault continued for a while. She was so shocked that she lost consciousness.The victim's husband had no clue he was going to rescue his wife when the children came with the SOS. \"I had come home a little earlier than usual and was surprised to find the door ajar and my son missing. I later found him in a neighbour's house. I was wondering where my wife was when someone ran up to tell me that a woman had been dragged into a roadside room. I rushed to the spot without realizing that it would be my wife,\" he said.As the crowd around the abandoned room grew larger, some henchmen of the accused started alerting Mollah. \"They tried to block anyone from getting closer to the room. German Sheikh, a very popular youth in the locality, came forward and pushed them away. He broke open the door and found the woman unconscious. He asked me to cover her and caught Sharif by his collar,\" said Bharati.The family is overwhelmed by the behaviour of police personnel. \"The OC has helped us in every way and promised us security. It feels reassuring,\" said the victim's husband. \"But we are still living in fear.\"On Wednesday, the victim, who was visibly in deep trauma and kept breaking into tears intermittently, said how a completely unknown woman who introduced her to a new household for a domestic help's job, kept insisting that she speak to Sharif Ali. Her detailed account hinted that it was not at the spur of the moment. It was a cool, calculated plot that went haywire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608479", "title": "Shakarpur killers entered house without resistance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police might be struggling to find leads in the Shakarpur double murder case, but they have reason to believe that the murders took place between 2pm and 3pm, when the elderly couple was having their lunch. The fact that no CCTV footage was recovered from the entire area and that the family members could not determine the amount missing from the house, has only complicated the case.Police, however, are certain the entry was friendly. \"We have learnt that both Radha Krishan Buraru (79) and his wife Durga Devi (75) were careful about allowing anyone to enter the house. It seems the accused had gained their confidence and they had let him in even during lunch time,\" said an investigating officer.Cops will be rounding up 45 people, of which 30 have been already questioned. Cops said some important papers, a laptop and a mobile have been found to be missing among other things. Contrary to reports, they denied having recovered a cellphone from the crime spot, which could help nail the killers.Sources said Durga had not been keeping well. \"Buraru was looking for a help to care of her. She was suffering from dementia and needed special attention. Several helps had, therefore, entered the house in the past few months. We are also looking at other people who frequented the house,'' added the officer. At least seven police teams from Shakarpur police and east Delhi special staff, along with three teams from the crime branch, are working round the clock to solve the case. Cops have ruled out any personal enmity behind the murder.Police said they will begin taking down the statements of the family - one of his sons flew from Mumbai on Tuesday - once they recover from the shock. \"We plan to begin the questioning from Thursday. The postmortem of the deceased was completed on Wednesday and the bodies were handed over to the family. The fact that we found blood marks in the drawing room though the bodies were recovered from the bedroom and bathroom, indicates some form of resistance. It seems there was more than one assailant. The nature of the wounds shows it was not the handiwork of a novice,'' said a crime branch officer. Among those questioned on Tuesday were the seven tenants and the immediate neighbours of Buraru, who was also a keen participant in various theatre shows and headed the song and dance division of the I and B ministry.Durga's body was recovered in the bathroom by their temporary help, who first raised the alarm. Police were called around 7.10pm. The neighbours, meanwhile, of the couple were visibly shocked. \"I would see them everyday and they both were very nice people. They had no enemies that I knew of, and generally stayed at home,\" said Ghansham Das, who lives in the flat opposite theirs.This is the fourth incident in east Delhi in the past two weeks where someone has been shot at or murdered by unidentified assailants. The earlier incidents were reported from Vivek Vihar, Vishwas Nagar and Farsh Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610450", "title": "MNS denied nod for rainwater harvesting plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's ruling party, Shiv Sena , seems to be tangled in a game of political upmanship with MNS over a rainwater harvesting project at Shivaji Park. The BMC has denied permission to MNS for the rainwater harvesting project as \"Shivaji Park falls under Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ)\".MNS corporator from ward 185 in Dadar (W) Sandeep Deshpande raised the issue at the standing committee meeting on Wednesday, stating that the BMC has denied permissions as Shivaji Park falls under Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) areaBMC's development plan department had told Deshpande that the Shivaji Park plan will attract Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority notification provisions. It will also require MCZMA permissions, it had said.Deshpande had proposed to award the rainwater harvesting project to Messers Maab firm, which has successfully constructed similar systems at Siddhivinayak Temple and DG Ruparel College.\"It has been 45 days that I have beenroaming with the proposal for permission if CRZ nod was not needed for pool revamp and mural construction at Shivaji Park, why is the BMC citing this reason?\" asked Deshpande. The BMC agreed that permission for rainwater harvesting at Shivaji Park could not be denied due to CRZ reasons. Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said the that plan was old and mooted by Sena last year. Deshpande was told that he will be invited at a meeting to discuss this proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610614", "title": "Three held for murder at Moshi", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari MIDC police on Tuesday claimed to have solved the murder of a supervisor of a cement blocks manufacturing unit at Moshi on August 3, following the arrest of three suspects.Of the three, two suspects, Sunil Rajjanlal Yadav (21) and Sunilkumar Rajkumar Yadav (29), hail from Madhya Pradesh, while Sanjay Nayak (28) is from West Bengal.The suspects, who were working as labourers at the unit, had bludgeoned the supervisor, one Bankim Giri (35), who hailed from West Bengal, to death following a quarrel. Following the incident, the suspects fled from Moshi. Before fleeing from the spot, the trio had locked the other labourers in a room at the unit.Police inspector Dattatreya Patil of the Bhosari MIDC police station said that during investigations the police got information that one of the suspects had applied for a driving licence. \"We also got information that the suspect was in Pune,\" Patil said. The police laid a trap and nabbed Sunilkumar Yadav. During interrogation he admitted to his involvement in the murder and also revealed the names of the remaining suspects. They were held in Madhya Pradesh.Investigations have revealed that the trio had entered into a brawl with Giri in the last week of July. Giri had thrashed them with the help of other labourers. \"Angered by this, the trio hatched the plot to kill Giri,\" Patil said.The deputy commissioner of police (zone-III) Shahaji Umap has announced a cash prize of Rs 5,000 to the investigating team comprising police inspector Rajendra Kunte, police sub-inspector Nitin Bhoyar, police constables Rajendra Gaikwad, Chandrakant Tilekar, Swapnil Landge and Kailas Bobade.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15613710", "title": "Coalgate: India Against Corruption activists to gherao residences of Manmohan Singh, Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alleging that Congress and BJP were hand-in-glove on the coal block allocation issue, erstwhile Team Anna on Thursday announced gherao of the residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Sunday.This was announced by activist Arvind Kejriwal , leader of India Against Corruption (IAC), in a tweet on Thursday morning.\"Congress and BJP have got together to loot Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coal scam. (There will be) gherao of Prime Minister's and Nitin Gadkari's residences. Let us assemble at Jantar Mantar on August 26 (at) 10am,\" he tweeted.The announcement came as a CAG report said that the exchequer lost around Rs 1.86 lakh crore due to coal bloc allocation without competitive bidding during 2005-09.Earlier, the erstwhile Team Anna had decided to hold the first meeting of preparatory committee this Sunday which will chalk out the ways for formation of a political party. However, now this meeting is likely to take place in the first week of September as they are yet to finalise the names.Team Anna had earlier this month decided to take a political plunge.Last week, the activists had threatened to file a PIL in court and carry out a referendum to \"expose\" the UPA on coal block allocations if the government does not constitute a special team to probe allegations.\"We have raised it on May 25. All our allegations have come true now. All parties are involved in it since screening committees have representatives of states also.\"We demand cancellation of allotments of coal blocks. Lodge FIR, constitute an SIT, failing which we will file PIL in court and carry out referendum on the issue to expose the government,\" Kejriwal had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610066", "title": "Alert staff douse fire at SoBo hospital ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: A minor fire broke out at the Cumballa Hill Hospital and Heart Institute's intensive care unit on Wednesday evening, causing panic among patients and their relatives. Alert staffers of the hospital at Kemps Corner managed to douse the fire on the third floor of the building within minutes.The hospital authorities said the fire was caused by a short-circuit in the air-conditioning duct. Within minutes of smoke emitting from the duct and fumes coming out, the staffers moved out six patients from the ICU. Administrative head Dr Gaurav Gupta said the fire was put out within three minutes.\"The patients were moved out without delay. A bit of panic was there as the incident took place during visiting hours,\" said Gupta. While two patients were shifted to wards, four others were shifted to another ICU. Gupta said that none of the patients were on a ventilator. Fire brigade officials, too, confirmed that by the time fire engines reached the hospital, the blaze was doused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611145", "title": "Idol stolen from temple", "text": "INDORE: Thieves stole an idol and cash from a Jain temple in the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday Jain colony coming under jurisdiction of Rajendra Nagar police.Police told one Maan Singh has filed FIR wherein he has said thieves targeted Jain temple in Jain Colony and escaped with idol of ashta-dhatu and few cash worth Rs 25,000.Police have registered the case under the Section 457 and 380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609438", "title": "CVC for action against banking officials involved in Rs 2,650cr fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) is finalising disciplinary action against several bank officials who were allegedly involved in one of the biggest banking frauds committed in recent times.Sources said that CVC is on the verge of recommending first stage advice for action against officials of 26 banks, which together provided Rs 2,650 crore to Zoom Developers, a Mumbai-based construction company that was declared a non-performing account last year.A consortium led by Punjab National Bank had provided Rs 2,650 crore of bank guarantees and credit facilities to Zoom Developers for its projects. All those guarantees and facilities were revoked after the firm failed to execute its projects that were mostly in the UAE and Europe. The company was largely engaged in big industrial constructions and infrastructure ventures.The spectacular failure of the company's projects led to PNB and Canara Bank making a loss of Rs 537 crore and Rs 88.5 crore, respectively. CBI filed separate cases last year into these two banks being defrauded. A third case of fraud is believed to have been registered with the CBI by the UCO Bank, which had an exposure of Rs 300 crore. The Union Bank, too, had an exposure of Rs 300 crore.Over the past year or so, CBI has questioned several Mumbai officials of these banks.Suspicion abounds that a major criminal conspiracy may be in the works since several banks provided bank guarantees in the projects, where the market norm does not require so.A minor part of these bank guarantees are covered with insurance from Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India. But most of the money is lost.Once the CVC gives its first stage advice for disciplinary action against the officials, banks concerned will constitute departmental inquiry that would carry out a final examination of the evidence and counter arguments. Based on the findings, the officials could face action upto dismissal from service. The CBI investigation against them would be conducted simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15608194", "title": "Hope people are proud of my achievement: Saina Nehwal", "text": "BANGALORE: Not one to let anyone deny her the joy that only an Olympic medal can bring, ace Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal said she would prefer it if people remembered her efforts in the Olympics rather than find fault with how she won the bronze. The Hyderabadi became India's only Olympic medal winner in her sport after her Chinese opponent Wang Xin pulled out with an injury.\"I would be happy if an Indian wins a medal and I only hope people are happy that I did. It's my job to win a medal for the country,\" Saina said on the sidelines of a felicitation ceremony organized by her sponsors in the city on Wednesday. The 22-year-old said unfair suggestions that she did not earn her medal were hurtful. \"When people talk that way, I don't feel good. I couldn't believe it when I heard some people say those things,\" she said.The world No. 4 said life had changed further after her Olympic success, adding she felt she had become a celebrity overnight. \"I do feel I've become a star. This has all been possible because of my parents' hard work, the efforts of my coaches and also the sponsors who helped me reach this level. It is important to be free to play well and everything should be taken care of. In my case, I was free to play my sport and not worry about anything else. That is why I have been performing well in the last three or four years,\" she said. On the occasion, Saina was presented a cheque for Rs 5 lakh from Herbalife.The shuttler said while Bollywood may be interested in snapping her up, badminton was her top priority. \"I'm doing well in badminton. I'm happy with what I'm doing. I'll perhaps think about Bollywood later.\"After we moved to Hyderabad, I fought for her throughout her career. I gave her the best facilities money could buy, even if it meant I had to borrow because that is what a father does for his child\u2014Harvir Singh, Saina Nehwal's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610473", "title": "SC notice to Centre on plight of orphans", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court on Tuesday issued notices to the central government, seven Union Territories and 28 states directing them to file their reply within eight weeks on a public interest litigation (PIL) highlighting problems of 21 lakh orphans and destitute in India including 92,000 in Maharashtra.The Union and the state governments have not initiated any scheme which provides basic facilities to the orphans - including food, clothing and shelter, after they attain 18 years of age. The orphans who have to leave the children's home run by the government after attaining 18 years of age are left in a lurch, says the PIL filed by Pune-based lawyer Rajendra Anbhule.The PIL which came up for hearing before a division bench of justice B S Chauhan and justice Swatanter Kumar states the children obtain education till 10th or 12th standard at the time of becoming major, but the states have not made provisions to meet their future educational expenses, give concession in fees or provide free education, scholarships or employment to them.According to the PIL, most of the children in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Delhi and other cities give up their education and go without food and shelter once they leave the orphanage. The government does not have a scheme for providing them with education or employment.The petitioner has conducted an extensive study on the issue and found that though the government provides reservation to the weaker sections of the community like scheduled caste and scheduled tribe, it does not provide reservation for orphans.Anbhule has found that the orphans are also deprived of basic documents like ration cards, domicile certificates, election cards and below poverty line certificates etc. There is no scheme to provide them loan for becoming self-employed.The Maharashtra women and child development department in response to an RTI query filed by Anbhule has said that the government does not have any scheme for orphans.The RTI reply states that there are only four After Care Centres having a total capacity of 210 children (boys) in the state while there is no such facility available for girls. The government has no records as to what happens to these orphans after they become major.The petitioner has relied on the Indian Constitution, Convention of the Rights of the Child, 1989, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966, the International Covenant on Economic Social and Cultural Rights, 1966, the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000 and Amended Act, 2006 and several SC judgments for highlighting plight of orphans.The PIL pointed out that the government has not shown any heed in tackling the serious problem as the present enactments like Juvenile Justice Act, 2000, do not bound them to do so. The said Act defines child as a person below the age of 18 years. The states, by ignoring the preamble of the said Act, do not come out with a comprehensive policy of ultimate rehabilitation of the orphans.Article 28 of the Child Rights Convention, 1989, has recognised the right of the child to education and has emphasised the need of making higher education accessible to all. The government has completely failed in doing its constitutional duty as there are no specific provisions and guidelines on the said issue, Anbhule said.Anbhule before filing the PIL had made representations to the state governments and others to take necessary steps to secure the rights of orphans, but he did not receive any reply. He has prayed before the SC to provide necessary facilities to the orphans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610370", "title": "Timber merchant found dead", "text": "LUCKNOW: Body of a 28-year-old man, who was allegedly murdered over business rivalry, was recovered from a well in Gosainganj on Wednesday morning. The victim was identified as Satish Kumar, a resident of Gosainganj. He was a timber merchant. On Tuesday afternoon, two acquaintances Shravan Kumar and Deshraj, came to Satish's place and took with away on the pretext of providing some work. In the evening, Satish was spotted with Kamlesh and Ramsumiran along with Deshraj and Shravan Kumar.When Satish did not return home till Wednesday morning, his family started a search for him. Later, his body was found in a well. Victim's brother Santosh alleged Shravan and Deshraj killed Satish owing to some business rivalry. The two accused are absconding.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15610452", "title": "Kishanganj Education Movement defers stir plan for Aligarh Muslim University unit", "text": "375KISHANGANJ: The Kishanganj Education Movement (KEM) for establishment of an extended unit of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) in Kishanganj, has, for the time being deferred its stir plan against the Congress-led UPA government for its alleged dilly-dallying over allocation of funds for the same.KEM secretary Mohammad Masood Raza in an interaction with TOI on Wednesday, said the phase-wise stir plan was put on hold following PM Manmohan Singh' s categorical assurance that he would take it up with HRD minister Kapil Sibal and ensure that funds are allocated immediately.A delegation headed by Congress MP Asrarul Haq recently called upon the PM and urged him to allocate funds for the AMU's unit at Kishanganj since the state government has already allocated 224.02 acres of land at Chakla near Kishanganj. Those in the delegation included NCP MP Tariq Anwar , Congress MLA Dr Javed, RJD MLA Akhtar-ul-Iman and MLA Ali Ram Victor from West Bengal.The KEM, it may recalled, had launched a massive agitation on October 12, 2011 against the state government for its pussy-footing on allocation of land for AMU. The state government finally handed over the 224.02 acre plot of land to AMU on December 30, 2011. Ever since then political leaders are crying hoarse for the release of funds, which the UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and the Central government had promised as soon as the state government allocated the land.But, until the legal road block is taken care of and the Supreme Court of India disposes of the case pending before it challenging the establishment of AMU's unit in Kishanganj, it will continue to be a pipedream, said informed sources. It may be mentioned here that the President of India, who also happens to be the visitor of AMU, had sought the opinion of Union law and justice ministry whether the President can go ahead in granting permission for the establishment of AMU's unit. The law and justice ministry, accordingly, said, \"It will be advisable to await the outcome of SLP pending before the court since it was sub-judice.\" One Jai Narayan Kumar has filed a writ petition in the apex court challenging the establishment of AMU's unit in Kishanganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608483", "title": "Special kids to get swimming lessons", "text": "MYSORE: With an eye on the Special Olympics scheduled to be held in 2015, the Association of Integrated Mysore Swimmers (AIMS) will train mentally challenged children in Mysore.Supported by Michael Phelps Foundation, USA and International Special Olympics, AIMS will organize a swimming camp for differently-abled children, a first of its kind initiative in India, from Thursday. Michael Phelps Foundation will also provide monetary help to those who qualify for the big event.The camp aims to prepare special kids for the big event by giving them rigorous training which may stretch up to three years.\"Mentally challenged children are often sidelined when it comes to sports. If they are given enough opportunity, they can do wonders,\" says S Sundaresh, association secretary and swimming coach.This is for the first time in the country, mentally challenged children are getting mass training. Nearly 20 children aged above 10 years will be trained in different categories - I am safe, I am fun, I am fast, I am healthy and I am successful.Children who complete all these stages can take part in the Olympics slated to be held at Los Angeles. Michael Phelps Foundation will issue certificates and trophies to those who complete all these stages, he said. Mentally challenged children find it difficult to get into deep water. They are unable to comprehend how long they were under the water. \"We want to bring these children to the mainstream. They may find difficulties in excelling in academics, but not extracurricular activities,\" he added.The association has requested special schools to send their children. \"Many schools have responded positively. They will be trained for one hour every day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611292", "title": "BJP may need new address in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Barely four months remain for the state to go to polls. But, BJP in Surat could be forced to do some house hunting.If the newly formed political party Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) wishes, it can ask BJP to vacate its current office in Agiyari Sheri in Rustompura. Reason: The office is owned by GPP leaders, Kashiram Rana and former mayor Fakir Chauhan.Rana, former union textile minister, has been recently appointed as vice president of Keshubhai Patel-led GPP and Chauhan as general secretary. Both the leaders are trustees of Pandit Deendayal Smruti Trust. Currently only three trustees are governing the trust. Apart from Rana and Chauhan, RSS member Champaklal Sukhadiya is one of the three trustees.\"Current BJP office ownership is with the trust and I am a trustee. If required, we may ask BJP to vacate the office as we need space to operate. We need enough space to carry out our political activity,\" said Rana, who is busy to chalk out GPP campaign in different parts of state.The party is currently preparing for a mega public gathering in September. \"We will inform BJP at the right time. However, we have not taken any decision in the issue so far,\" added Rana.\"Only three members are left in the trust after death of few senior leaders. We are yet to finalize new names but it will be done soon. We have not planned anything in terms of use of the office as we are operating from Gopipura, Kaji Maidan, office,\" said Chauhan.The office has proved lucky for BJP as the party's strength grew consistently in Surat since it operated from here. Party sources also informed that with limited space available, BJP is planning a new office in city.\"The Rustumpura office is currently in BJP possession and no one has contacted us to claim its ownership so far,\" said Purnesh Modi, city BJP president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611170", "title": "Heritage India reaches out to the senior citizens in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: In association with Antarashtriya Manavadhikar Association, Heritage India, a consortium of national voluntary organizations for senior citizens, is organizing a programme to discuss the problems and challenges faced by senior citizens in Bada Lalpur area on Friday.Giving this information on Wednesday, director of Heritage India, SN Dubey said, \"the organization is also coming up with a hi-tech old age home in the city where senior citizens, from across the world, who have no one to look after them can live in the old age home.\"The Delhi-based organization has already identified around 100 such senior citizens in 10 villages of Kashi Vidyapeeth block of the district.According to Dubey, apart from old age home, organization has also chalked out plans to construct a multi-utility hospital and community centre. \"We also emphasize on adopting the old citizens to look after their basic needs. Around 10 old aged people from the city will be adopted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608729", "title": "PM should quit on coalgate: CPI", "text": "NAGPUR: Communist Party of India secretary general Sudhakar Reddy said here on Wednesday that prime minister Manmohan Singh should resign owning moral responsibility of the coal scam. \"Personally Singh may not be corrupt but he presides over a team of ministers that undoubtedly are the most corrupt in country's history,\" said the CPI leader.MP from Nalagonda in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh , Reddy, however, was against the stalling of proceedings in Parliament. For the second consecutive day, no business could take place in Lok Sabha as the BJP is demanding PM's resignation and blockading debate on the issue. Stalling debate should not be used as a weapon all the time, he said criticizing the BJP strategy. \"The PM cannot shirk away from his responsibility. The decision to allocate coal blocks to private players was taken by the PMO, so he is answerable to Parliament. He should be allowed to face the debate,\" said Reddy. Moreover, Parliament should function as there were other issues like drought, price rise on which people need relief, he added.Countering the Congress defence that the 2004 decision for auctioning of coal mines was not implemented because some states like West Bengal or Chhattisgarh opposed it, Reddy said this was a lame excuse to escape serious allegations. \"The UPA government which has been so arrogant that it does not bother to consult even its own allies on many issues, leave alone states, is now trying to hide behind states. But the fact remains only the Centre and not states have the final say in allocation of national resources like coal,\" said Reddy. He also slammed the UPA regime for using CBI as a political weapon to neutralize all opposition.Reddy along with D Raja and several senior CPI leaders were in the city for a two-day party meeting on SC-ST Sub Plan Bill. \"Scheduled caste, who are 16%, along with scheduled tribes with 8% make 24% of country's population. But nearly Rs 10,000 crore allocated in budgets for SC-ST sub plans are regularly diverted to other departments. The CPI wants to end this practice and the meeting in city deliberated on it. One of the suggestion was setting up monitoring committees comprising representatives of two communities and people's elected members to control funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608494", "title": "Villager builds toilet, left high &amp; dry", "text": "MYSORE: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh during his visit to Yelheri village in backward Yadgir district four days ago suggested women reject prospective grooms if they have no toilets at home. But officials of rural bodies don't seem to realize the importance of his statement -- they're not even helping people help themselves.Like Jayamma who lives in remote Kundanahalli village of Periyapattan taluk.Through the intervention of the Prime Minister's Office, she got a toilet sanctioned but is running from pillar to post to get the money released for the one she built.The old lady was fed up with the callous attitude to her demand for a toilet since 2010 at her newly built Ashraya house in Janata Colony.On May 5, 2012, she wrote to the Prime Minister seeking his intervention. The Prime Minister's Officer sent a letter dated June 6 to the Karnataka chief secretary suggesting he redress her grievance.The chief secretary directed the taluk panchyat to look into the matter. Taluk panchayat and gram panchayat officials directed her to build the toilet pending release of money from the government.Jayamma built the toilet but is trapped in debt as she borrowed from a money lender for it.On Wednesday, her husband Shivanna presented a letter to zilla panchayat officials here asking them to release the money given to people who build toilets at their houses in rural areas.The government gives Rs 10,000 to each beneficiary for the construction of a toilet and of this Rs 4,500 comes to a beneficiary from MNREGS, Rs 3,500 as a subsidy from central government, Rs 1,500 from a private company in Mumbai and Rs 800 subsidy from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15613058", "title": "Drinking in public places poses challenge for Chandigarh police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drinking at public place has emerged as major menace in Chandigarh as over 90 cases have been registered in the last two months, where accused were caught boozing in different parts of the city. Over 50 persons were also arrested during the same period for the same offence.However, police have now beefed up the security checks and frequency of late evening and night patrolling to catch the miscreants.\"We have observed that offence of drinking at public place is going on unabated in the city. Offenders could be found drinking at various public places including community parks, parking areas in different sectors and market places. These people are threat to the peace as after drinking they also indulge in brawls and eve-teasing incidents,\" said a police official here.\"In a bid to deter people from indulging in this mal-practice, we have decided to also impound the vehicles of the violators. As in many cases, they keep the liquor bottles inside their cars. Besides, surprise checks would be conducted at public places and markets of the city at odd hours to catch the accused red-handed,\" he added.On Wednesday late evening, police arrested three persons, from different locations, for drinking at public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611031", "title": "Experts blame land shortage for lack of breeding space of sarus", "text": "KANPUR: Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature, said that this year there is a major delay in the breeding of sarus bird. Scanty rainfall followed by delay in sowing of paddy crop are the major reasons for the decline in nesting sites of sarus.\"Sarus makes nest in open in the rainy season. After mating, female sarus lays eggs in wetlands. Both female and male guard the eggs from predators like jackals, wild dogs, fishing cats, vultures, wild boars and other animals,\" said Chauhan.Nests are usually made in the mid of the water stream on a high ground, which will not be inundated during the rain or floods and can get direct sunlight. The fields are empty this year and its almost half way through the season, the usual nesting spots look deserted.Last year, the bird count was quite high due to good rains in the region. \"However, this year scanty rainfall in the region has played a spoilsport for sarus bird. In a survey with forest department officials, we have sighted very few nests,\" he added.A wildlife expert said that a few villagers have admitted that they have decided not to sow rice and instead cultivate maize and bajra as it requires less water. According to the experts, rapid growth in population and shortage of land had also left no space for sarus to breed. \"This six-feet tall flying bird has always been part of the agricultural landscape and known to live in harmony with farmers in the region. However, iot is not true anymore,\" remarked Vibhu, a farmer at Badhpura village in Etawah.Sarus are omnivorous and feed primarily on tubers of grass, small fishes, snakes and snails, insects, aquatic plants and animals, crustaceans, seeds and berries, small vertebrates and invertebrates.Sarus crane attain sexual maturity at the age of 5-6 years. During the mating season, both the male and female dance around each other. Incubation takes 27 to 35 days. Chick fledging takes 55-65 days. Sarus is regarded as the threatened species. It is currently listed in the Schedule IV of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972. IUCN (Red List) classifies sarus crane as vulnerable.The total population of sarus bird across the globe approximately lies between 13,500 to 15,500. Loss of wetlands and damage to eggs by the predators, heavy use of pesticides besides casuality due to electrocution incidents, where they get entangled in live over-head high tension wires had led to the decline of sarus population.Sarus cranes live up to 15-20 years in the wild and for 80 years in captivity. There are three more subspecies of sarus namely, Grus antigone antigone, Grus antigone sharpii and Grus antigone gilli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15615021", "title": "Scholarships for IT aspirants", "text": "NIIT Limited, in a new initiative, has launched 'The Turning Point Scholarship 2012' for the new GNIIT programme and Express Diploma programmes. The scholarship is an initiative towards enhancing employability of students.Amitabh Lahiri, chief business officer, career building solutions, NIIT said, \"The scholarship is meant to recognise and encourage students to pursue their career goals in the IT industry.\"However, students who scored 95% or more in class XII are eligible for 50% scholarship for the new GNIIT programme. Furthermore, students who have scored 80-95%, 70-80% and 50-70% are eligible for 35%, 25% and 20% respectively for the programme. Students who have scored more than or equivalent to 80% marks in class XII are eligible for 20% scholarship in the express diploma programme while students who have scored between 50% and 80% are eligible for 10%.Eligibility Students who have successfully completed class XII or equivalent, those currently pursuing graduation and /or completed graduation in any stream or engineering students are eligible for the scholarship programme.Application Details Application forms are available at NIIT education centres across the country. Applications will be accepted till August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611285", "title": "Double murder: Duo killed to avoid repayment of loan", "text": "SURAT: Investigation in the double murder of steel traders Kishore Mangukiya and Ashok Lathiya has revealed that the accused, Jaswant Savani, allegedly killed them to save money. Meanwhile, a police team is visiting Madhya Pradesh to trace another accused Pandit who was allegedly involved in the crime. During questioning, Savani informed police that he borrowed cash credit of Rs six crore from bank on the name of Mangukiya and Lathiya. Savani also insured both the victims for Rs two crore and he was paying premium for the policy.In addition, Savani had borrowed a loan from a bank on property. The residential properties were purchased on name of the victims and he had borrowed a loan of around Rs 1 crore. \"During questioning Savani informed us that he had to pay around Rs 12 lakh every month as interest on the loan. To save money and stop paying on the borrowed money, Savani planned the murder,\" said a senior police officer.Police are yet to find out exactly how the crime was executed. Savani claimed that he had not pushed the victims from the building and his aid Pandit executed the crime. Police are searching for Pandit and once arrested both will be questioned in presence of each other.\"The deceased's family alleged that Savani was a nominee and beneficiary of the insurance policy. However, this was not correct and we found that they family members are nominees and beneficiaries,\" said police.Mangukiya and Lathiya were pushed from the 12th floor of Abhishek Heights, an under construction apartment. Savani was present at the spot when they died. Soon after the murder, Savani claimed that Lathiya was trying to spit when his leg slipped and he fell. Trying to save him, Mangukiya also fell from the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15610880", "title": "Metro to chug below your homes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as 20 chunks of private land, which have houses, shops and kiosks constructed on them, will be acquired for Metro Rail project in sectors 22, 34 and 43. The list of Project Affected People (PAP) includes 79 families, which will have to be displaced and rehabilitated elsewhere by the administration. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), in its detailed project report (DPR) submitted to the UT, has pointed out, ''Among the affected families, only five own kiosks and rest are title land owners or tenants. A total of 2.73 ha of private land needs to be acquired apart from 32.52 ha government land.''The Metro system will be underground in the city limits. For the station under Aroma Chowk, residential land (apart from cycle tracks and service roads) will be acquired; in Sector 34 the identified private property is both residential and commercial and in Sector 43 only land with residential structures will be required. ''The private land will be acquired for different purposes like running sections, stations and other infrastructure services for operations. Residences with ground floor only to up to four stories will have to be displaced. No squatters have been found on this land,'' added the report. DMRC has said that the alignment had been designed in such a way that bare minimum private land was required for construction and subsequent operations.A socio-economic survey was conducted by DMRC in February and as part of the field studies, the profile of people who own structures on the identified land was also examined in detail. A total of 12 families were interviewed. It was found that the affected families have high education levels.As the livelihood of the kiosk owners too depends on the space, they too would be compensated as part of the exercise. The DPR was submitted to UT administration last week and copies have also been sent to Punjab and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612887", "title": "Shaam loses 20 kilos", "text": "Looks like Shaam is one dedicated actor. The 12 B actor is currently in Bangkok to shoot for a song in his forthcoming film, 6, and he seems to have surprised many with his look.A source says, \"Shaam has several look changes in Dura's 6 , and he has worked hard towards it. He has put in a lot of efforts to lose 20 kilos, and he looks pretty much lean now.\"Shaam had told us, \"I play Ram, a man who is in search of something in his life. He is restless, and has to solve a big mystery. The film traces three phases in his life, and for the last one, which is revealed in the climax, I needed to look weak. \"He added, \"A couple of years ago, I was working throughout the day and went without sleep. So, the tissues under my eyes swelled up. I thought I could use that condition to my advantage for this film, and so, I didn't sleep for 10 whole days. When the director and the cameraman saw me on the day I was to shoot the climax, they were shaken up. I knew I was experimenting with something as important as my eyes, and was even aware that the swelling will not reduce for at least five days, but I was willing to take the risk because this film is an important one in my career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609808", "title": "'Shunting Patnaik now will play into Raj Thackeray's hand'", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday was non-committal on the proposal to shunt police commissioner Arup Patnaik. If Patnaik is shunted out, additional directors-general Satyapal Singh and Ahmed Javed, Thane police commissioner K P Raghuwanshi, ADG (traffic) V R Kamble and anti-terrorism squad chief Rakesh Maria are among the top contenders for the high-profile job.In the wake of the riots in south Mumbai, after a meeting convened by Raza Academy to condemn violence in Assam , Patil had on August 16 submitted a proposal to transfer Patnaik. \"The proposal is on Chavan's table, but he may not agree to it immediately, since that would make it look like a big victory for MNS leader Raj Thackeray, who has been demanding Patnaik's suspension,'' the official said.On Tuesday, MNS chief Raj Thackeray had led a massive rally from Girgaum-Chowpatty to Azad Maidan to demand the resignation of Patil and suspension of Patnaik.The official said a proposal to shift Patnaik on promotion was mooted in June, after the Centre agreed to enhance the post of DGs from three to five, besides the post of DGP. The DGP's office had submitted a proposal to promote Patnaik. But it was rejected in the absence of a corresponding nomination for the second new post of DG. \"The proposal appeared to be motivated. If we have two additional posts of DGs, it was the responsibility of the officer concerned to submit a proposal for promotion of the two seniormost IPS officers. However, only one proposal was submitted. That's why the proposal was rejected,'' he said.The official said, prima facie the home department had concluded that Patnaik had failed to deal with the situation. \"There were specific inputs from intelligence agencies on large-scale violence, but we did not act. As a result, the government had to face an embarrassing situation,'' he said. Patnaik denied the charge of inept handling of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609428", "title": "US science body revisits Raman Effect", "text": "KOLKATA: City has reasons to celebrate with the world's largest professional association, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), set to dedicate a Milestone plaque for Raman Effect by Chandrasekhar Venkata Raman to Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science (IACS).IEEE is head quartered in New York and has 400,000 members and was founded in 1963 after merging two scientific institutes dedicated to advancing technology innovation and excellence for benefit of humanity.\"On September 15, president elect of IEEE Peter Staecker will dedicate Milestone plaque for Raman Effect by Sir Chandrasekhar Venkata Raman at a ceremony to be held at IACS,\" institute director Kankan Bhattacharyya said.\"The Milestone plaque weighing 8kg has arrived and we are preparing a place on the wall beside the replica of Nobel Prize and citation from American Chemical Society on the IACS campus,\" said Bhattacharyya.After joining Indian Financial Service as assistant auditor general for government of India in 1907, C V Raman researched at IACS which was then situated at 210 Bowbazar Street. The IACS campus was later shifted to 2A Raja SC Mullick Road opposite Jadavpur University and the old building was demolished and Goenka College of Commerce &amp; Business Administration was constructed there. Now, the only reminder of the Nobel Laureate's link to the spot is a plaque that was unveiled by the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1988.\"Two years ago, IEEE Kolkata chapter had sent a proposal to its New York office to dedicate a Milestone plaque to Indian scientists Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose and Chandrasekhar Venkata Raman. Both had done their research in the city. The final decision was taken by IEEE in 2011,\" he added. Both the recommendations were accepted.While Raman won the Nobel for the Raman Effect, Bose's work in millimetre wave is still considered a milestone in radio physics. Raman discovered that when a beam of coloured light enters a liquid, a fraction of the light is scattered with a different colour depending on the material property. The paper was first published in science journal Nature in 1928.On February 28, he announced his findings in a press conference. The day is now observed as National Science Day in the country. He won the Nobel Prize on December 10, 1930. This radiation effect of molecule scattering of light has since been christened Raman Effect.IEEE has earlier dedicated Milestone plaques to stalwarts like Benjamin Franklin , Alessandro Volta, Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Alva Edison.Incidentally, IACS and Goenka College authorities are planning to construct a museum at the latter. Built on the lines of the old IACS building, the museum will showcase Raman's work, Goenka college principal Debashis Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15609089", "title": "We must sue governments for negligence causing harm to citizens", "text": "We have said earlier that the victim must be paid compensation for the damage he has suffered and the civic authorities must be held responsible for negligence and prosecuted for it. It appears that the government has no intention of doing any such thing. We now appeal to distinguished lawyers to take up this man's case pro bono and help him sue the authorities for negligence.It would be more than just a gesture towards this individual. If such a case is fought and won, it would be one more important step towards establishing a culture we solely lack -- of suing governments for failing to do their duty or causing harm to citizens.Related story : No relief for man hit by light pole in Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15609972", "title": "Vigilance sleuths trap bribe-hungry police officer", "text": "CHENNAI: A police officer was arrested on Tuesday for demanding and taking bribe from a man.Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) sleuths arrested a special sub-inspector attached to Minjur police station for demanding bribe from Ravi for not arresting him in a case of family feud.Based on the complaint by Ravi, vigilance officials laid a trap and nabbed the sub-inspector, Logaiah, while he was accepting 3,000 from Ravi.Minjur police had registered a case against Ravi based on a complaint by his sister Kalpana. She had approached the superintendent of police Rubesh Kumar Meena and lodged a complaint against Ravi following a family feud. The petition was then handed over to Logaiah of the Minjur police station.Following this, the police officer met Ravi and threatened to arrest him if he didn't give him a bribe. Ravi later approached DVAC officials and lodged a complaint against Logaiah. As directed by the vigilance officials, Ravi told Logaiah that he was ready to give the bride. Logaiah told Ravi to bring the money to the police station on Tuesday evening. Logaiah was caught red-handed when Ravi was handing over the cash to him. DVAC deputy superintendents of police K Shanmugam, S Thirunavukarasu and his men nabbed Logaiah, while he was accepting the bribe.Logaiah was later lodged in Puzhal prison. Following his arrest, police teams conducted surprise check at his house in Minjur.timeschennai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610638", "title": "Ramaiah exposes land grab in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Divisional commissioner, Patna, K P Ramaiah on Wednesday exposed a well-knit gang of land grabbers who fraudulently occupied a piece of prime government land at Sandalpur (Bahadurpur) area here and also succeeded in constructing a five-storey building on it in connivance with an executive magistrate of Patna City subdivision.Aghast at the method executive magistrate Savita Soumya adopted to help the land grabbers, Ramaiah asked the Patna City SDO, Raman Kumar Singh, to conduct a thorough probe into all court orders passed by Soumya in the land-related cases, and submit him a report so that a recommendation could be sent to the government for returning the service of Soumya to her parent department. Soumya is originally a woman extension officer of the rural development department.Ramaiah also ordered immediate stoppage of the construction work of the building, which was being done without approval of the map by the Patna Municipal Corporation.The issue of land grabbing first came to the knowledge of Ramaiah last week when a poor woman, Vidya Devi, from Sandalpur met him at his Janata Darbar and complained that some local influential persons had grabbed her land after dismantling her hut. She also complained that the land grabbers were constructing a five-storey building on the land in connivance with the administration of Patna City subdivision.Taking her complaint seriously, Ramaiah called to his office several officers from Patna district administration, including the concerned additional collector, SDO, deputy collector land reforms, circle officer, circle inspector, police inspector and officer in charge, along with their reports about the land of Vidya Devi.\"On verification of reports, it was found that the land actually belonged to the state government and the grabbers had fraudulently occupied it in connivance with the executive magistrate,\" K K Upadhyay, deputy director, information and public relations department, said in an official communique on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15610091", "title": "Narmada's poll vault into Saurashtra, Kutch", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Ahead of the state assembly polls to be held December, the Gujarat government is all set to announce a detailed project to transfer 1 million acre feet (MAF) of Narmada water to Saurashtra's 104 reservoirs and another MAF to 20 reservoirs in the Kutch district. The transfer of water, officials said, will be almost similar to the type being carried out from the Narmada main canal to some of North Gujarat's reservoirs.The Narmada dam, as of today, can store 4.27 MAF of water at the current height of 121.92 metres. When the dam's level reaches 138.64 metres, which is the full reservoir level, it will be able to store 7.7 MAF. Officials expect least another 2 MAF of water to be availablefrom the upstream each year which cannot be stored in the dam and can be easily to transferred Saurashtra-Kutch reservoirs.State irrigation minister Nitin Patel told newspersons on Wednesday, soon after the weekly cabinet meeting, that a detailed mapping of how to transfer water to the two regions was being prepared on the basis of a consultant's report. However, sources added that the report was prepared in 2003 but was lying idle till a few weeks ago.\"We are currently in the process of preparing a Rs 8,000 crore project for the transfer of Narmada water to these reservoirs,\" a senior official told TOI. \"Of this, Rs 5,000 crore will be spent on transferring water to Saurashtra's reservoirs, and another Rs 3,000 crore to Kutch's reservoirs.\"The announcement of transfer of Narmada water will acquire significance as the majority of the 91 talukas affected by scarcity conditions belong to Saurashtra and Kutch regions. These are the two regions where the state BJP is facing maximum problem in view of the rebellion by veteran ex-BJP leader Keshubhai Patel.Sources said Wapcos, the Government of India consultants, had prepared the 2003 feasibility report. Only now it was decided to revive it. \"Currently, details are being prepared on how this can be done. In all probability, this will be made possible by laying down pipelines at two different spots,\" an official said.\"The spot where the Narmada water will be transferred to Saurashtra reservoirs will be the Botad-Morbi branch of the Narmada canal,\" the official said. \"As for Kutch's reservoirs, the Narmada main canal will be used for transferring waters. The work for laying down pipelines to fill up reservoirs will begin next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15610700", "title": "Children drive home a point on road safety in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The ongoing awareness campaign by school students on traffic rules took a different turn on Wednesday as a magician rode his two-wheeler blindfolded to drive home the point that \"even if you are blind, you should not violate traffic rules.\" The show was jointly organized by the Child Welfare Committee, Child Line - 1098, the National Child Labour Project (NCLP) and the Trichy District Youth ExNora, JCI (Junior Chamber of India) Trichy within the Old Collectorate Children Traffic Park.The state president of Youth ExNora, P Mohan , said the blindfold-driving idea was to give credence to the oft-repeated sarcasm that one hears on the roads: \"Are you are blind!\" Since Trichy police strictly refuses permission to drive blindfolded on the city streets, no matter how great the cause, the awareness stunt was conducted with the participation of about 300 school students from seven schools inside the park. Vairamuthu Samy, senior member of the JCI and magician, volunteered to kick start the blindfolded awareness campaign.Mohan said they were literally leaving no stone unturned to create traffic awareness through effective student participation. Around 35 schools in and around Trichy are involved in this exercise, and each school sends leaders of the class, clubs and organizations. When the awareness campaign was launched, certain marks-conscious schools backtracked, but now all of them are coming forward to participate. \"So far, we have trained around 50,000 students in the last four years,\" Mohan said.The main feature of the programme is to motivate students to extract a promise from their parents that they will always wear helmets on the road. Secondly, the students imitated an advertisement in which a person dies in a pool of blood in a road accident with the helmet he was not wearing lying by his side. It later transpired that the deceased had kept a bunch of tomatoes safely inside the helmet and hence he could not protect his head. While he was dead, the tomatoes were intact. The message of the advert was well received by the students, and they resolved to carry the story far and wide, Mohan said. The awareness campaign itself deliberately starts with a prayer for \"those like you who died in traffic accidents,\" in order to carry a lasting impression on their minds.The campaign will culminate in December this year, when the best five schools will be awarded for the best campaign. The selection process will be based on the number of projects conducted by each school, and the number of beneficiaries they trained. The 15-day special programme will have a drawing competition on road safety awareness at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School on Thursday in which 20 schools have promised participation. The students will draw poignant pictures of images before and after the accident to drive home a point on the value of safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609717", "title": "Fake video clip same as used by Indian Mujahideen", "text": "MUMBAI: The probe into the August 11 violence in south Mumbai has found that one of the morphed video clips used to instigate a section of the crowd before the protest meet is a six-year-old footage that Indian Mujahideen members have been showing to lure youths into joining the terror outfit.The police say it was the same clip which the founder-members of IM, including Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, have been using since 2006 to lure youths from Pune and Azamgarh.In 2008, the crime branch busted an IM module of 21 members responsible for carrying out terror blasts across the country since 2005. It transpired during the interrogations that the Bhatkal brothers, who are believed to be in Pakistan, had shown morphed video clips of atrocities on Muslims to lure youths and indoctrinate them.Sources said this video clip could be an important piece of evidence to show that Pakistan was responsible for inciting the minorities in India.Union home secretary R K Singh last week said that there was fairly accurate technical evidence to show that the images originated and were circulated from Pakistan. \"As many as 110 websites were involved in spreading the doctored clips,\" he said. The Centre has also blocked some Facebook pages and links to Youtube videos that showed these morphed photographs and footages.During the probe into the August 11 violence that left two dead and 63 injured, it was found that MMS clips and text messages on alleged atrocities against the Muslims in Assam and Myanmar were circulated among the members of minority community.\"For instance, the images of death and destruction caused by a cyclone have been morphed to be passed off as a case of atrocities on Muslims in Assam. Bodies of people who died in an earthquake in some other country and the Buddhist monks next to them were morphed in such a manner to show that the monks had killed them in Myanmar,\" a police officer said.\"It is ridiculous that the members of the minority community blindly accepted the videos as real. Now, we are likely to add charges under Information Technology Act and section 153 of the IPC on all those who took part in the riot for creating a community rift,\" the officer said.The images of atrocities on Muslims had sparked tension across the country, with Mumbai, Lucknow and Allahabad witnessing mob violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15610916", "title": "Wheat, oat bran a residents take a shine to healthy diet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More and more city residents are jumping on the 'healthy diet' bandwagon.From soya nuggets, wheat flakes to branded wheat and oat bran, young and old have taken a shine to health food items as diet substitutes. And as a result, leading stores are witnessing an upsurge in their demand.\"There is a huge increase in the demand for health food items such as soya flour, wheat flakes and oats, among others. Many people especially visit supermarkets to buy these. There has been a drastic change in what people demanded a few months ago and what they are buying now,'' said Manish Bansal, owner of a leading store in Sector 26.The city dieticians too are busy prescribing diets that help weight loss without a tough fitness regimen. ''Nowadays, people are so occupied with their work and profession that there is hardly any time to work out or go for a walk. And so, replacing their diet with healthier items is the best option, both for staying healthy and weight loss,'' said Mansi Chathrath, managing director and chief dietician of a health firm.And people are loving the wholesome options. ''I make it a point to add oats and musli to my diet and replace normal food with healthy items. I also prepare nutritious soup at home with broccoli and bell peppers\u00a6 my family loves it,'' said Shaloo Bajaj, a homemaker of Sector 16.The current trend has also attracted the attention of academicians. ''We are studying the current trend of people substituting their diet with health food items. For different economic sections, the results will vary and so will the quality of food,'' added Manoj Kumar , assistant professor at Centre for Public Health, Panjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610045", "title": "New amendment to education Act may court trouble again", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a notification about the amendment to the Right to Education (RTE) Act was released on the government website, unaided minority schools are busy planning their next move. This amendment clearly states that only theological schools are off the RTE hook, while the rest, including unaided minority schools, will have to follow even the 25% reservation clause under RTE. While most are still waiting to get an official circular about the same from the education department, some are sure this case might end up in court once again.\"This new amendment goes against the constitutional rights given to minority institutes. We will discuss this with some legal experts but from the look of it, this matter will definitely end up in court,\" said Rohan Bhat, chairman of Children's Academy group of schools and also a member of the Unaided School Forum. In an April 2012 order, the Supreme Court had made it clear that all schools, except unaided minority schools, were entitled to follow the reservation clause. However, this point was raised in the Rajya Sabha and the proposed amendment got the president's approval by the end of June.\"There's an uneasy calm everywhere right now, but schools are already chalking out a plan to set things straight once again. Minority institutes already fill up 50% of their seats from their community, then where is the space to fit in more students? How many times will the government keep updating RTE?\" asked the principal of an ICSE school, who refused to be quoted.Most minority schools are unhappy with this new amendment. \"There should have been a proper discussion about this with schools and the government should have understood that minority schools are already facing problems,\" said Lalitha Hariharan, principal of Rizvi Springfield School, Bandra (W). \"Though we haven't received an official circular from the education department about this, officials informed us about this amendment at a recent meeting,\" she added.Continuous changes to the Act has caused more confusion than clarity, say many. \"The Supreme Court order on the 25% clause came two years after the Act was implemented. Now, by making such amendments, the government is going to further delay the implementation of the Act because someone will definitely take this matter to court again,\" added Bhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15611189", "title": "'Faulty' building designs adding to power crisis: IIA", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Indian Institute of Architects (IIA), a representative body of architects in the country, has blamed the prevailing designs of commercial and residential buildings for adding to the power crisis, claiming that 'faulty' designs were making buildings power guzzlers.\"The prevailing designs are completely detached from the local context and climate and are violating even basic tenets of good architecture. The building designs are being copied from other countries without taking into account that they are being built in a different climate,\" said Jeet Kumar Gupta, vice-president of IIA.\"After blocking natural air and light, the entire functioning of these buildings is left to consuming power. To check this trend, energy audit system should be introduced and in case of inefficient buildings heavy power tariff should be levied,\" he said, adding, \"buildings byelaws should be amended to check energy inefficient buildings\".\"Malls and other big commercial buildings are major power guzzlers and it should be made mandatory that they produce power through solar systems,\" he suggested. Surinder Bagha, chairman of Punjab and Chandigarh Chapter of IIA, who has also been entrusted by Punjab government to prepare Energy Conservation Building Code, said heavy and wrong use of glass and PVC was adding to the crisis.\"Across the world, 52% of power is consumed by buildings. Wrong use of glass makes the buildings heat entrapment units and then the entire load in shifted to air conditioners to keep the temperature at bearable level,\" he pointed out.\"Such wrong practices are happening in government sector also and a typical example of an energy inefficient building is Punjab Urban Development Authority head office in Mohali, which is covered with glass from all sides. It is a heat entrapping chamber,\" he said.A K Verma, director, distribution, Punjab State Power Supply Corporation (Powercom), revealed that power demand was increasing more in commercial and domestic sector as compared to industrial and agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609545", "title": "High court to hear case on Local Body Tax today", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing of the state government's decision to introduce Local Body Tax (LBT) in the limits of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is scheduled in the Bombay High Court on Thursday.Earlier, the hearing on the petition filed by MNS and Shiv Sena corporators against the introduction of the LBT as substitute to octroi was held on August 9 in the HC. The court had extended the stay on introduction of LBT till Thursday (August 23) and scheduled the next hearing also for the same day.After the decision of the state to introduce LBT in the NMC limits from July 1, the MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani and Shiv Sena's opposition leader in NMC Sudhkar Badgujar had filed their petitions against LBT separately. Both cases were clubbed as points raised by both were same.The petitioners argue that any new tax system must be announced by February 20, before the new financial year and the municipal commissioner must announce the new tax rates and get it passed at a general body meeting. However, the state has not done anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610291", "title": "Centre asks IIT, IIM faculty, staff to file property returns", "text": "NEW DELHI: After MPs and bureaucrats, now it's the turn of academicians and officials working with educational institutions and autonomous bodies under central government to mandatorily submit property returns.Though the decision was taken in 2006, it was not being complied fully. But with new emphasis against corruption in the public sphere, the ministry has swung into action. \"It is part of preventive vigilance initiative,\" a source said, adding that after the 2006 order the HRD ministry started getting property returns of faculty members and officials directly. \"The ministry did not have the infrastructure to scrutinize each return. So it has been decided to modify the earlier order a bit. Now, faculty members/officials would submit their returns to the head of institution, while the head of the institution would submit his return to the HRD ministry,\" a source said.Last week, the HRD ministry issued a notice to 44 central universities, IITs, IIMs, NITs, IIITs and host of other educational, research institutions and autonomous bodies to ensure that all employees and faculty members, other than the head of institution, submit their property returns by January 31 every year. Each institution has been asked to notify on their website property returns of employees and also name those who have failed to submit the returns. Each institution would have to give a certificate to the HRD minister that all employees have filed the returns and names those who have not.Head of institutions have been asked to file their property returns to the ministry. This would include all directors and chairpersons of educational institutions.The ministry has made it clear that those who fail to file property returns would not be given vigilance clearance in addition to action under conduct rules. For this year, institutions have been asked to file property returns by August 31. Administrative authority, heads of institutions in case of faculty members and HRD's vigilance section in case of heads of institutions, would scrutinize returns of those officials against whom there are repeated complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611190", "title": "DPS buses fail to clear fitness test", "text": "BHOPAL: On the day one of the third campaign to check school buses to implement the Supreme Court guidelines, none of the school buses of Delhi Public School (DPS) inspected on Wednesday were found fit. Besides, the buses were also packed beyond capacity.Thirty-three buses of DPS were checked during the random inspection of the team comprising a tehsildar Atul Singh, regional traffic inspector (RTI) Keshav Vats, school education official Avinash Vaish and traffic department personnel R S Narwariya. A notice has been served to the school and a period of one week has been given to reply.Talking to TOI, RTI Keshav Vats said, \"None of the buses were found fit. Besides, proper first-aid boxes, fire extinguishers, drivers' uniform and name plate were lacking. Also, number to call in case of rash driving was missing.\"Urmila Shukla, deputy commissioner Bhopal division said, \"The school has received a notice for cancellation of their buses' permits. Previously too such notices were sent to the school.\" The school manager was told to not only correct these flaws but also to ensure that the younger children sit at the back while the elder students in front. Also a teacher or the bus in-charge should be seated next to the gate so that he/she can monitor the students while alighting and deboarding. \"Speed governors couldn't be checked as there wasn't much space inside the school. Also, we didn't have drivers to drive them,\" Vats added.Meet put off to Aug 27The meeting of school principals and bus operator convened by the divisional commissioner has been postponed to August 27. The meeting was scheduled for August 24 previously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610535", "title": "Special super-fast train to Delhi till January 1", "text": "PATNA: A triweekly, super-fast special train (02393-02394) running between Patna Junction and Anand Vihar (New Delhi) since August 20 to clear rush of passengers has been provided with LHB coaches for AC1, AC2, AC3 and sleeper class to fulfil the needs of passengers.According to ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar, this special train has been running on Monday, Thursday and Saturday from both ends. While it originates from Patna Junction at 8pm every Monday, Thursday and Saturday, reaching Anand Vihar terminal next day at 11.50am, it runs from Anand Vihar terminal at 6pm on these three nominated days and reaches Patna Junction the next day at 9.50am, he said.The CPRO said while berths in other New Delhi-bound trains from Patna Junction were not available, they were easily available in each class in this special superfast train. It would run between Patna Junction and Anand Vihar terminal till January 1, 2013. It has stoppages at Danapur, Ara, Buxar, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur stations on way to Anand Vihar terminal, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614560", "title": "What made Sridevi cry?", "text": "Sridevi, who is all set to make a comeback with English Vinglish was in tears as she received a very special gift from Sandeep Malani.Sandeep, the director of upcoming romantic musical thriller Janleva 555 surprised the hawa hawai girl. He has been her fan since his childhood and now has gifted the actress the collage posters of her entire Hindi filmography.On being asked about it, an overwhelmed Sandeep said, \"It was such an amazing experience for me. She was not expecting such a surprise.\"Besides that, the most important and precious gift that Sridevi received was her childhood photo with her parents. \"She was so happy to see that picture and tears rolled out of her eyes,\" added Sandeep.Sridevi loved the gift and was so touched by Sandeep's gesture that she also tweeted, \"Hi. I'm very grateful to one of my fans who found this rare picture of my family. Brought back so many memories.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15611089", "title": "18 killed as tractor falls into gorge near Ambaji", "text": "PALANPUR: Eighteen people were killed and 50 others injured when the tractor-trolley they were travelling in plunged into a gorge near the temple town of Ambaji on Wednesday.The victims, all from the same family, were returning to Ajuza village in Patan when the accident took place in the hilly area near Gabbar hillock. Fifteen people, including seven women and five children, died on the spot, while three died in Palanpur Civil Hospital.Of the injured, eight persons were shifted to Ahmedabad Civil Hospital because of their critical condition. The remaining are undergoing treatment in Palanpur Civil Hospital.\"About 68 people were travelling in the vehicle,\" Banaskantha superintendent of police Ashok Kumar told TOI.Chief minister Narendra Modi expressed a deep shock over the tragedy and announced Rs 1 lakh as immediate relief to the family members of each deceased from Chief Minister's Relief Fund.Ambaji is seeing a heavy rush of pilgrims on account of the on-going Purushottam month, which is considered pious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15614106", "title": "Druggists association holds awareness workshop on Good Pharmacy Practices", "text": "NAGPUR: \"With good practices becoming the order of the day in all businesses and industries, pharmacists too should be aware of good pharmacy practices and give no opportunity to any monitoring agency to take them to task for any faults.\"This was the agreed upon by all the 115 pharmacists attending a 'good pharmacy practice' workshop organized by the Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA), Nagpur Zone. The workshop aimed at creating awareness about the responsibilities of the druggists in sale of medicines, especially schedule 'H' drugs like the abortion pills, was organised to upgrade the knowledge of the pharmacists in the city.\"\"If a person is aware of good pharmacy practices there are very little chances that monitoring agencies like Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) can lay their hands on them. Today, pharmacists sell many drugs across the counter. Also, they are not aware of various regulations governing them. Hence we should be aware of all the rules and regulations,\"\" said Atmaram Pawar from Bhartiya Vidyapeeth while addressing the pharmacists.Madhusudan Joshi from Goa College of Pharmacy also advised pharmacists to always keep themselves updated about regulations governing them. MSCDA president J S Shinde, secretary Anil Navander, member Harish Ganeshani were also present on the occasion. Nagpur Chemists and Druggists Association's vice presidents Rajendra Kawadkar and Vijay Multani, secretary Sachin Randive were amongst those representing city association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610044", "title": "Boy drowns while trying to help others", "text": "JAIPUR: A 13-year-old-boy, Sohail Qureshi, who had gone to help people in the inundated area of Amanisha Nullah in Bhatta Basti, drowned and lost his life.Sohail along with two other friends were in the group of those who were helping others after heavy rain destroyed many houses and left many homeless.But Sohail, along with his two friends, 14-year-old Saddam and 13-year-old Danish, accidentally slipped in the nullah and they started drowning.Sohail's neighbour Wasim Khan said: \"Sohail had gone to help the people in the area along with his friends but they accidentally slipped in the nullah. Sohail knew swimming so he tried to save his friends but he got drowned the muddy swamp. People who accompanied them saved Saddam and Danish but they could not save Sohail.\"Hearing her son's death, Sohail's mother Bilkees became unconscious. \"Danish and Saddam are in a state of shock and they could not speak. People are asking them about the incident but they could not speak,\" Khan said.Rafiq Khan, a civil defence official, said: \"A large number of people poured in at the area which was affected badly due to rain. These three children were among them.\"However, people in the area alleged that district administration officials did not come when the rain destroyed their houses.Chand Mohammad, whose house was destroyed, said, \"We helped each other but nobody from the government side did not come to help us in the night.\"But there were many youths who saved severa lives in the area. Mohammad Zaheer saved the life of mother of two persons Chunni, who lost her two children, when their house collapsed. Zaheer rushed Chunni to Kanwatia hospital in a serious condition and from Kanwatia hospital she was taken to Sawai Man Singh hospital.Chunni lost her two children -- 19-year-old Mustafa and 10-year-old Abid. Zaheer said: \"Chunni is unfortunate. She had two children who died. Her husband had left her ten years ago. She is an Arabic teacher. Now, after the incident, there is no one in her family to look after her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611144", "title": "Turning 50 only to keep going", "text": "INDORE: A reason for singles above the age of 50 years to cheer up! This is an opportunity for them to get rid of loneliness at the twilight of their life.The first ever get-together for the elderly, under the aegis of 'Life Partner Selection Meet', would be held at Jall Sabhagriha on August 26. \"A life partner selection meet for unmarried, divorcee and widow-widower aged above 50 years is being arranged. The couples will enjoy the right to either go for a marriage or enter into a live-in-relationship,\" said organizers Ashok Jain and Nathubhai Patel.Detailing about the event, convenor Dilip Doshi said, \"The registration for the event is free of cost. It is open for all who are eagerly seeking to have a live-in partner and marriage.\" He said the women who are coming from outside and far-off areas of Indore would be provided to and fro rail and bus fare.\"The participants are expected to arrive at 1pm at the venue with a recently clicked photo and biodata,\" said Doshi, adding that the male candidates must have sufficient means, earnings and some fixed deposits as a security for the partners. Both the genders should have the consent of their children for the marriage.\"We are organizing this event because the single senior citizens generally feel lonely and get depressed. They need some one to talk to, interact and to share their feelings,\" he said.\"The elderly too have the right to enjoy their life the way they want. They deserve to move around together like youngsters do,\" said Ashok Jain. Dilip Doshi can be contacted at 09406609998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609943", "title": "Five arrested for taking loan against fake gold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five persons have been arrested for a fraud in the Corporation Bank in Satellite area. They took a loan worth Rs 26 lakh by pledging fake gold jewellery.In March 2012, Corporation Bank had launched a scheme to grant loans against gold. The zonal office of the bank in Ahmedabad recently realized that in its Satellite branch, more number of applicants for loan against gold scheme was queuing up.When the bank authorities inspected the bank's records and the gold handed over as mortgage, they got suspicious. However, according to the norms, a bank-approved gold valuer carries out all the necessary quality checks before granting the loans. In this branch too the approved valuer, Ashok Rathod, a gold smith who is on contract with the bank, had checked all the ornaments before granting the nod for loans. Rathod also owns a shop in Jodhpur, Satellite.Based on the suspicions aroused by the number of transactions, the bank's senior officers then decided to introduce stricter norms for loans approved under this scheme. However, there was no action initiated in the matter immediately.The scam unravelled on Tuesday when Prashant Prajapti, a resident of Dariapur, who had earlier availed of a loan under the scheme approached the bank for another loan. Rathod, the bank valuer, was in the bank at that time. Rathod was quick to approve the gold and also okay the procedure for loan.Just when the deal was about to be formalized a team from the bank's zonal with another gold-valuer, Ramniklal Parekh appeared. Senior officials of the team immediately asked Parekh to intervene and evaluate the gold for a second time.Parekh had a completely different conclusion. He ruled that the gold was artificial. A senior manager of the bank then called up the Satellite police.Upon grilling Prajapati he pointed the needle of suspicion towards Rathod. He told the cops that Rathod had paid him Rs 2,000 to pose as a person seeking loan under the gold mortgage scheme. He had also given him the imitation jewellery. When faced with the truth and evidence, Rathod broke down and confessed. He told the cops that he used to keep some fake gold jewellery ready at hand and approved the loan.In a short span of two months he had cleared seven gold loans worth Rs 26 lakh for himself. For these fake loans he had set up a string of bogus loan-applicants. Apart from Prajapati there were Chandresh Kadia, Naina Rathod, Dharmendra Kadia and his wife Manisha, Rajesh Panchal and Pravin Panchal. Police have arrested five while Manisha and Naina have not been nabbed yet.BoxThe ReasonRathod told police that in 2011 he had got a huge order for making gold ornaments. However, owing to steep gold price hike he had incurred a loss of Rs 15 lakh in the deal since he had to sell the ornaments at the earlier quoted price.\"He says, to tide over this loss he designed the plan to cheat the bank. After getting over his loss he got hooked to his successful operation and got greedy for more money. We have advised the bank officials to circulate this information to other units and also to get gold valuation done by more than one approved valuer,\" said a Satellite police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15611233", "title": "Hyderabad lukewarm to Test match", "text": "HYDERABAD: Test cricket appears to be going the way of Duleep Trophy and Ranji Trophy in our country. If the response to the first Test between India and New Zealand starting here on Thursday is any indication, the day may not be too far when the longer version of the international game too would be played in front of empty galleries.Starved of cricket they may be, but cricket fans of the twin-cities seem least interested in the Test match. There was hardly any buzz at the eSeva centres and at the Gymkhana and Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium. This, even after the HCA officials decided not to increase the price of tickets from the last Test held here two years ago. The HCA also dispensed with the season tickets.HCA treasurer Naresh Sharma on Wednesday said it was difficult to give the exact figure of tickets sold till now. \"According to the information reaching us tickets worth Rs 27,000 have been sold at the eSeva centres and Rs 2,58,000 worth tickets have been sold online. These are figures for all days,\" he said.\"We can expect a lot more people to turn up as the tickets are mostly purchased on the day itself,\" HCA secretary MV Sridhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609791", "title": "Four carjackers-cum-serial muggers nabbed", "text": "BANGALORE: Four carjackers who stole software engineer Saurabh Ghosh's Hyundai Eon after threatening him and his fiancee with a knife in JP Nagar last month were arrested earlier this week, police revealed on Wednesday.Investigation revealed that they specialized in carjacking and used the stolen vehicles to mug those standing by the roadside, waiting for a lift.The Eon, three stolen Tata Indicas and 500gms of gold - all worth Rs 37 lakh - were recovered from Satish Shankar alias Kadu Papa, 28, (of Peenya 2nd Stage), Manjunath Kumar, 21, (of Teru Beedi grama in Kanakapura taluk), S Pramod Thimmappa 24, (of Ramachandrapura) and Nagendra Kalashetty 23, (of Mandya).JP Nagar police claimed they've cracked a case of murder and 27 cases of robbery and mugging with the arrest of these gangsters. Satish alone has committed 22 robberies, they said.\"The gang waylaid cabs at nights and threw chilli powder on the driver's face before driving away the cabs. They stole three Tata Indicas in this manner,\" police added.On July 17 night, Satish, Manjunath and Pramod went on a mugging spree. Within 2 \u00bd hours, the trio robbed three men of their valuables worth Rs 1.9 lakh on a 13-km stretch of Outer Ring Road.The next day, they attacked Ghosh who was chatting with his fiancee in his car in JP Nagar I Phase and fled with his Eon.Two days later, the accused hacked a 23-year-old man to death in JP Nagar. \"The gang used a stolen car to follow Manjunath alias Taata and attacked him near Jaraganahalli. Old rivalry was the reason for the killing of the small-time businessman. They suspected Manjunath had squealed to the police,\" police said.DCP (South) Sonia Narang said, \"We request people to take precautionary measures before taking pick-up and drops by cabs at night. They should also not park their cars in deserted and dimly-lit stretches.\"How they struckOn July 18, Saurabh Ghosh, 29, a data quality analyst with a captive IT centre in Manyata Tech Park and resident of Janapriya Greenwood apartments near Chikkabanavara, was sitting in his car with his fiancee, Maitri Pal, an IT professional with a company in JP Nagar.It was Maitri's birthday the next day. Saurabh and Maitri had dinner at a hotel before he drove her to her PG accommodation near Indira Gandhi Circle on Sarakki Main Road, JP Nagar, around midnight.Around 12.40am, a white Tata Indica cab stopped behind Ghosh's car. Three people alighted, walked up to Ghosh's car and knocked on the glass.Saurabh rolled down the window only to be hit in the face by the cab driver. Another person took out a knife and poked it at Saurabh's shoulder. The couple was pulled out and one of the assailants drove away Saurabhs's car. They also took Saurabh's wallet which had Rs 1,200 in cash and his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "15613530", "title": "India should also tour Pakistan: Shahid Afridi", "text": "KARACHI: He is looking forward to Pakistan touring India later this year, but flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi feels the resumption of bilateral cricket ties between the two countries can be a complete success only if the Indians also visit his nation.After returning home from Colombo on Wednesday, Afridi said he was very happy to see that bilateral cricket ties between Pakistan and India would finally resume at the end of the year.\"It is good news that bilateral ties will be resumed. It is good that Pakistan will be touring India this year and it should be a big series but I think India must also tour Pakistan as this would only further relations between the two nations,\" Afridi said.The all-rounder returned midway from the Sri Lanka Premier League, where he was playing for the Rahuna Royals, to be with his wife who is reported to be unwell.\"It is very important that Pakistan and India play against each other regularly because our matches also have a profound impact on world cricket,\" he explained.\"I say India should also tour Pakistan because this will also help Pakistan in its bid to convince other teams to come and play in our country despite their security concerns,\" he added.Pakistan is scheduled to tour India in late December this year to play three one-day internationals and two Twenty20 matches.The series will be the first between the two countries since 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610423", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Starlet denies getting cop summons", "text": "MUMBAI: Starlet and former MDLR airlines employee Nupur Mehta denied that she was questioned by the Delhi police in connection with the suicide of Geetika Sharma.Sharma, a former employee of the defunct MDLR airlines, who ended her life alleging that she was harassed by its owner and former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda. \"I have not received any summons from the police. Besides why should they be questioning me instead those mentioned in her suicide note.I don't know how these rumours started,\" Mehta said. \"Aruna Chaddha (a co-accused) was bad influence on the air hostesses of the company. She almost hypnotized them and they stopped listening to me completely,\" she added.\"I knew Sharma since I trained air hostesses in personality development and make-up,\" said Mehta who worked as vice-president of the airlines. Nupur denies knowing Geetika on a personal level. But when told that she had got into a fight with her in Goa in 2009. Nupur clarifies, \"Ankita Singh (a Kanda associate) and Sharma got into a fight I had only accompanied her and nobody raised a hand on Geetika.''Nupur Mehta said she first met Gopal Kanda at his Gurgaon house. \"Kanda saw the promos of my film 'Jo Bole So Nihal' in 2005 and asked me to perform at his residence. Although I refused, but I kept in touch with him,\" the starlet claimed.\"Later I was offered a job in his airlines. Geetika joined the company much later. I quit the airline in 2008 and a year later joined Kanda's other business in Goa. I left that company before it closed down,\" Mehta claimed.Asked about the relationship between Geetika and Kanda, the starlet said, \"I can't say anything about it. I knew her as an employee and she was a fantastic worker.\"Nupur concluded, I have got nothing to do with the case I am not an important person in the case and should not be dragged into it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608200", "title": "Six boat mishaps in 2 weeks point to apathy", "text": "MANGALORE: A spate of boat accidents in less than two weeks here has had both the fisheries department and the fishermen's association blame boat owners for lapses in maintenance. Also, many boats are not equipped with state-of-the-art gear like disaster alert transmitters, GPS and so on, which can alert authorities in case of an accident. Since the start of the fishing season on August 10, there have been six boat accidents in the estuary near Old Port. Mercifully there has been no loss of lives.Fisheries deputy director Suresh Kumar Ullal has blamed it on the careless attitude of the boat owners in not giving the engines a proper run before embarking on fishing. \"The boats are anchored for repairs and maintenance during the fishing ban. They should at least allow short runs for two days before embarking on multi-day fishing lest these problems crop up,'' he adds.Karnataka Purse Seiner Fishermen's Association president Nitin Kumar also concurs with the view of Suresh Kumar saying the boat which sank a couple of days ago was a steel boat. \"The owners may not have checked the boat hull thoroughly before embarking on fishing expedition. The base may have developed holes due to rusting in this saline weather during the fishing ban period of two months,'' he added.Suresh Kumar pointed out that most of the accident cases were related to engine trouble, barring one which capzised due to a hole.Though the Indian Coast Guard and fisheries department have asked fishermen to install distress alert transmitters (DAT) in boats for personal safety as well as national security, only 50 boats have installed it so far. These 50 equipment were given free and were fixed on some boats as per recommendation of the fishermen's association. Fishermen can press the first button if there is a fire on the boat and the second button for medical help. If they notice any leakage in the boat, they should press the third button and the fourth button can be used to seek help in the time of accidents.The central server at Chennai will receive the distress message. Immediately the message will be passed on to the nearest Coast Guard headquarters and a team will be rushed to the spot for rescue operations. DAT costs Rs 10,000. Suresh Kumar said fishermen get 75% subsidy for equipment like VHF, GPS, Echo sounder and DAT. The actual cost of these equipment is Rs 1.12 lakh but fishermen have to pay only Rs 28,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15607925", "title": "Delhi gets few spells of rain, humidity up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wednesday saw rain continue in Delhi for the second day though intensity came down substantially. Only 6mm rainfall was recorded a day after the city witnessed its heaviest showers in the season. Interestingly, August and July have seen a similar pattern of erratic rainfall with around 50% of the total rain falling through the month being seen in the span of just 3-4 days.Till 8.30am on Wednesday, Delhi had recorded 162.5mm of rain in the month of August. Of this, 82.8mm was realized between Monday and Tuesday. Around 40mm of the remaining 79.7mm fell over three days in the first two weeks of the month. Similarly, July saw 50% of its 110.5mm over just three days.\"We have not had any sustained strong systems to bring rain over the northwest plains. The few spells that we have seen have been due to build up of low pressure areas over the Bay of Bengal that have then moved in a west, northwesterly direction. In a couple of cases, there has been a western disturbance that has interacted with the systems to bring heavy showers,\" said a Met official.Delhi's maximum temperature on Wednesday was 32.6 degrees celsius, one degree below normal while minimum was 25.2 degrees celsius, one degree above normal. The day was marked by short spells of moderate to heavy showers interspersed with periods of bright sunshine and high levels of humidity that ranged between 69% and 97%. Ridge recorded the highest rainfall for the day with 18.7mm while the remaining areas were either dry or recorded between 1 and 5mm of rain.\"Rain and thundershowers are expected over most areas in the western Himalayan region, Rajasthan, the Indo-Gangetic plains and central India till August 25 with possibility of heavy showers in one or two places over Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, UP and MP till Friday. Between then and August 29, rain may occur at a few places over the northern plains,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15611240", "title": "Haryana women's commission fails to take note of Geetika suicide case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even after 17 days of Geetika Sharma's suicide and a police case against tainted former minister Gopal Kanda, Haryana State Women's Commission (HSWC), the watchdog of women's rights in the state, is yet take cognizance of the incident.The commission, which has director general (DG) of women and child development department (WCD) and additional director general of police (ADGP) also as members, is yet to react to Geetika's suicide and Kanda's role in it. It's not the first time that the commission has failed to respond in such situations, sources said.Earlier also, the commission kept mum in many cases, including Ruchika molestation and suicide case. Most recently, it had failed to respond to the alleged sexual abuse and torture of female inmates at the Rohtak-based shelter home.Though a member of the state commission visited the inmates, it was only after a visit by NCW members and protests by workers of All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA), led by Jagmati Sangwan in Haryana.When contacted, commission chairperson Sushila Sharma refused to comment.\"Unfortunately, the commission members are either unaware of their duties or have some sort of reservation as we could hardly see any role played by the commission in such incidents, especially those involving high profile cases. In fact, this is an inappropriately created body without legal sanction,'' said Jagmati Sangwan, national vice president of AIDWA.Though the commission was set up on December 12, 1999, even after eleven years, the Haryana government is yet to notify the powers and functions of the commission, sources said.Mamta Sharma, chairperson of NCW, expressed surprise at the state commission's failure to react. \"They should have taken a proactive role in such cases. After all, such commissions are constituted for protection of women's rights. On our part, our team had visited the Gurgaon headquarters of MDLR Airlines. Also, I personally visited the aggrieved family of Geetika Sharma,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15608878", "title": "Bank strike hits business in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The nationwide two-day strike called by bank employees under banner of united forum of bank union to oppose banking sector reforms and outsourcing of non-core activities hampered transactions in the city on Wednesday.Though private banks and some ATMs remained open, people faced problems when cash in some ATMs ran out. Bank employees and official organizations under the umbrella of Union Forum of Bank Union gathered at Shyam Square near State Bank of India and staged an agitation to protest unilateral implementation of Khandelwal Committee report on human resource management in public sector banks and government's policies against liberalization and privatization.The strike affected transactions worth around Rs 100 crore, claimed Chandrakant Khanzode, all india zonal secretary of National Organization of Bank Workers. He appealed bank employees to remain present at Jaistambh square near Bank of India premises on Thursday at 11 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15607995", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder case: Defence fails to examine expert", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cross-examination of CFSL expert BK Mahapatra in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case began on Wednesday with counsels for Rajesh and Nupur Talwar asking Mahapatra questions about his qualification to conduct DNA tests on various samples.Mahapatra explained the procedures and methods of conducting tests on samples at CFSL but the Talwars' counsels failed to examine him on the samples lifted from the scene of crime. Post lunch, when defence counsels sought adjournment of the cross-examination, citing their expert lawyer GP Thareja's absence, CBI filed an application in the court seeking continuation of the cross-examination.The court reserved its judgment on the CBI application until Thursday, when the cross-examination is expected to continue.CBI stated in its application: \"The prosecution witness is present in court and it is prayed that the defence be directed to complete the cross-examination of the witness.After the completion of evidence of witness, the prosecution has to examine 13 more witnesses before September 17, as reflected in the order of August 13 of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court had already directed the accused to cooperate in all respects during the cross-examination of witnesses.\"Earlier in the day, when defence counsel GP Thareja was present, Mahapatra was asked several questions about his qualifications, procedure for examination and worksheets prepared for forensic examination. Defence lawyers also filed applications for worksheets and files made with regard to DNA quantification to be produced before court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610620", "title": "Choose career consciously: Kiran Bedi to Arcade Business College students", "text": "PATNA: Students should choose a field they like so that their career does not become a burden on them, Kiran Bedi told the students of Arcade Business College (ABC) at Rabindra Bhavan on Wednesday.\"If the base is strong, the structure does not fall. You are the foundation to build our nation. First build your character and then develop the country,\" Bedi, a retired IPS officer, Magsaysay Award winner and a prominent member of Anna Hazare team, said. \"Choose a career matching your interest. Then you will be self-motivated to do well. If the job is not of your choice, either find something likeable in that job or find an alternative before it becomes a burden on you,\" she added.Replying to a question, why students are committing suicides, Bedi said, \"Positivity is required.\" She encouraged the students by narrating anecdotes from her own life. \"I used to read a lot. Even when I was travelling for sports, I used to carry a trunk full of books with myself.\"Explaining 'Neev 90', Bedi said, \"It incorporates qualities for overall development of a person and not just concentrating on external beauty.\" Pooja, a management student, told Bedi that she wanted to join IAS and wanted to make it even bigger than her. To that, Bedi replied, \"Your thinking and determination will lead you to greater heights. Don't let others' opinion come in your way. After all, you have to take the exams.\"Replying to Ashish Adarsh, director, ABC , on how students should choose their representatives, Bedi said, \"Vote for the person who has no criminal records or allegations of being corrupt. Cast your vote for development, not on the caste or religion of a candidate.\"Bedi encouraged students to provide their services at village level. \"There is no holiday in honesty or right thinking,\" she said.Advising the students to work hard to achieve what they want, Bedi said, \"I was in a hostel while doing my MA in Chandigarh. Sometimes when I felt sleepy while studying in my room, I used to go outside, in the garden, and studied beneath a tree.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611147", "title": "Zahida may face restrictions in jail for misconduct", "text": "INDORE: The Indore district jail authorities are mulling to impose restrictions on Zahida Pervez, the main accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder, for her misconduct with the prison staff. She might lose the privilege of talking to her kin on phone and meeting outsiders in the prison.Zahida had irked the prison staff when she threw the dal curry served to her on the staff on August 18. The inmates were supposed to queue up with their plates in the evening when Zahida broke the queue as others protested. and in a fit of rage threw the dal on the staff.An enquiry conducted by the jail administration found the Bhopal-based interior designer guilty of indiscipline and the staff is now mulling restrictions on her for indiscipline as specified in the jail manual.Thus, Zahida may not be extended the benefit of the incoming phone facility that the state government had launched on August 15 to facilitate the convicts and under trials in the district and sub jails to keep in touch with their kin.Talking to ToI, district jail superintendent Santosh Solanki said that the restrictions on Zahida are likely to be made official soon.He said that, Zahida has accepted her mistake and also apologised. \"However, action will have to be taken to enforce discipline in the prison and avoid such incidents in future.\"In April this year, another accused in the case and close friend of Zahida, Saba Farooqui was caught trying to smuggle a cell phone inside the district jail. She did not cooperate with the woman police who wanted to frisk her. When the phone was found in her possession, she disowned it and denied that the phone belonged to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15611314", "title": "Feel full, stay fit with \u2018anti-hunger\u2019 powder", "text": "LONDON: Soon, you will be able to satisfy your sweet cravings without worrying about adding on kilos! Scientists are developing an 'anti-hunger ' additive that when used in yoghurts and smoothies will make you feel full after eating small amounts.Researchers from German company Dow Wolff Cellulosics found that after eating the ingredient, SATISFIT-LTG, 13% fewer calories were consumed at the following meal, the Telegraph reported. Dr Carsten Huettermann told the American Chemical Society in Philadelphia that tests found volunteers felt full after eating smaller amounts of food containing the substance.Volunteers who ate food containing the additive consumed 13% fewer calories when given a second meal two hours later. The additive is a new version of a substance called methyl cellulose, which is used as a binding agent in snacks such as ready meals and baked goods.In its normal state, the ingredient passes through the stomach very quickly and does not make the person who has eaten it feel any less hungry . In the new additive it is modified to form a gel at body temperature, meaning it remains in the stomach for longer and is absorbed by the small intestine.\"This ingredient would make people feel full after eating smaller amounts of food. With that sense of fullness and hunger-satisfaction, they would not crave more food,\" Huettermann added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15609378", "title": "Waste dumping dominates Calangute comunidade meet", "text": "CALANGUTE: The dumping of garbage on comunidade land atop the Calangute hill figured prominently at an extraordinary meeting of the comunidade of Calangute held recently.Besides this, issues of encroachment by vendors on land at the weekly Saturday market, illegal constructions on comunidade land and fields, and non-cultivation of agricultural land by tenants, also figured at the meeting.Calangute comunidade attorney Antonio D'Souza, speaking to ToI, said that the meeting resolved to sort out the issue of dumping of garbage atop the Calangute hill by the Calangute panchayat in an amicable manner.\"They're dumping the garbage there on land belonging to the comunidade for the last 10 years without paying any compensation. We're not saying, stop it, but let us enter into a lease agreement so that the share-holders of the comunidade can benefit. Now the panchayat is saying that the state government has asked them to acquire the land to build a garbage treatment plant. We've resolved to take an appointment with the panchayat and the sarpanch to resolve the issue amicably,\" he said.The issue of the weekly Saturday market near the church on comunidade land also featured at the meeting. Members pointed out that while the land is meant to be used temporarily by the vendors on Saturdays, some of them have set up permanent residences there, thereby depriving vendors of space at the market and also inconveniencing the public. They alleged that this is nothing but vote-bank politics.Says Antonio D'Souza, \"When we try to remove them with the help of the authorities, they go to the courts and the matter drags on for years. There are so many illegal constructions on comunidade land here, that I call it day-light robbery.\"The issue of farmer tenants on comunidade land failing to cultivate the agricultural fields also figured at the meeting. It was pointed out that this is being done because of sky-rocketing prices of land in Calangute.D'Souza also referred to a large number of huge resorts in the village which have encroached on comunidade land, giving the example of one resort which has built soak-pits in a nullah-pathway belonging to the comunidade.\"We're saying, pay us some compensation and do it. Whenever people in need have asked us for land, we've given them. We've given land for the community's needs, we've given land for an overhead tank, PWD offices and electricity office. We're there for the community's needs, but this daylight robbery has to stop,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610085", "title": "Govt ready with Alwar master plan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will soon present the Master Plan 2011-2031 for Alwar city. The draft has been completed and will be placed before the public for feedback. The government on Wednesday also issued a notification of including 80 villages into the Alwar city master plan.Alwar, which is a part of the national capital region (NCR), has come up as a major industrial hub of the country. From population of 72,700 in 1961, it has now reached to 3.81 lakh in 2011. The urban development and housing (UDH) has anticipated that it will further increase to seven lakh by 2031.\"In 50 years, there has been five times increase in the population of Alwar. We feel that it will further increase rapidly. So, it has become necessary to prepare a master plan for the city for organized growth,\" said G S Sandhu, principal secretary (UDH).\"The drafting process of the bill has been completed and will soon be available for feedback from the public and the elected representatives,\" he added.To curb scattered growth, the Rajasthan Housing Board has constructed housing complexes but they proved to be insufficient for the growing population. However, with many industries setting up their shops in the district, there has been an influx of the working class. \"The city now has many unauthorized colonies and illegal slums. The master plan focuses at possibilities of legalizing the unauthorized colonies and to ensure that the growing pollution does not have an impact on the ecological balance of the city,\" an official of the UDH department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611037", "title": "Bhasha's linguistic survey to include sign languages", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time the Indian Sign Language (ISL) will be included in a linguistic survey in the country. The sign language used by deaf persons has been made a part of the ambitious People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) being conducted by the Bhasha Research and Publication Centre (BRPC).The decision to include the sign languages in the survey has its roots in the fact that the language is used widely by the deaf community and there is a need to study it and the various challenges faced by the ISL. Also, the researchers involved in the survey will be pressing for it to be recognised as a mother tongue in the census.\"ISL is significantly different from the other sign languages in the world. Also, the sign language is the first language of the people who use it. They even think in this language and it is necessary that this is recognised as their language in the census by being listed as a mother tongue,\" said Professor Ganesh Devy from Bhasha.Devy said that the ISL has several variants in the country and the survey would look into these. \"The standard ISL has been broken up into several local varieties. We plan to have a volume on these as a part of the PLSI by early next year,\" said Devy.Managing Trustee of Akshar Trust that works for hearing impaired children and trains teachers for such students said that the major difference between sign language and others is that sign language is a non-verbal language and has its own grammar. She said that at a recent workshop organised for the ISL survey under the PLSI, various aspects of the language were discussed.\"We are looking how to compile the history of the language and do other documentation. The challenge of giving a written pattern to the language also needs to be addressed. Sign languages across the world have no scripts,\" Grover said.The PLSI being conducted by Bhasha is the first of its kind effort that kicked off in 2010. The survey is being carried out simultaneously across states and union territories in the country. Over 2,000 people are involved in the survey and these include scholars, activists, writers and volunteers besides linguists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608252", "title": "Onam celebrations: Mangalore students get a taste of the harvest festival", "text": "MANGALORE: It is that time of the year when people in Kerala enter into celebration mood with 10 days of festivities including boat races, dance, music and sports contests. Giving a taste of God's Own Country's secular state festival to students of the coastal city is Srinivas Group of Colleges which organized a pookkalam (flower carpet) competition on Wednesday.The contest saw as many as 25 teams from 13 colleges in the city decorating the corridors of Srinivas College with pookalams, the customary flower carpet that adorns the frontyard of every Malayali household for 10 days -from atham to thiruvonam -to welcome King Mahabali, the mythical king of Kerala, in whose reminiscence the festival is celebrated.The contest brought cheer to students from Kerala who find it somewhat cumbersome to celebrate Onam in its full fervour given their busy schedule. \"I am very happy to participate in the contest. I have participated in several such contests back in Kerala. It is indeed a proud moment for me to see our tradition being replicated here. Students from across country will get a glimpse of Kerala's rich culture,\" said KM Shivaprasad, a Malayali student of Srinivas College.EH Ajmal, a student of the college who hails from Guruvayoor in Kerala, said that making pookkalam is team effort. \"This is what brings liveliness to the contest. The way Onam is celebrated here is different from Kerala. The celebrations in Kerala have several traditional manifestations,\" he added.Students of Rosario College gave a complete Kerala touch to the competition by creating a pookkalam on Kathakali, the classical temple art form of Kerala. \"We wanted to create a pookkalam that reminds one of Onam celebrations in Kerala. Hence, we decided to choose Kathakali as the theme for our pookkalam,\" said Violet D'Souza, a member of the Rosario College team.Onam celebrations on August 25Srinivas Group of Colleges will organize Onam celebrations at Srinivas Hotel in the city on Saturday. Mangalore Kerala Samajam president TK Rajan will inaugurate the event. There will be several cultural programmes on the occasion and onam sadhya will also be served.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609409", "title": "Ashok Mitra attacks Centre for lack of funds", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has always pointed out that the state gets a very small share of the tax collected while the majority remains with the central government. Her views found support in Ashok Mitra, former finance minister of Bengal during the Left Front regime.\"The central government usurps 69% of the tax which is collected while the rest 31% is disbursed among the states. Only the Centre is allowed to take loans from various international monetary funds and global organizations, including other rich nations, while states cannot exercise such a right. However, the state is responsible for maintaining law and order, providing a good health system and imparting education. Since the law and order system has broken down, more funds have to be allocated to the police. The health and education departments have also not got their dues. The problems lies with the state while the central government will control policies that cannot be accepted.If states are not provided greater freedom, they will perish,\" said Mitra. He was delivering the second Prasanta Sur Memorial Lecture at the Calcutta Institute of Engineering and Management on Wednesday.\"The government's involvement in the process to purchase land for private companies to ensure industrialization in a state is not advisable. It is also not possible for the private players to purchase the total land required for setting up of factories.An ideal condition is when the owners of the land are also given part ownership in the factories. Only then can industrialization speed,\" added Mitra.While speaking at the second Prasanta Sur memorial lecture at the Calcutta Institute of Engineering and Management Mitra went on a trip down memory lane, talking about Sur who was his colleague at the state cabinet as a PWD minister. \"Both Vidyasagar Setu and Yuva Bharati Krirangan could be built after relentless effort of Sur. However when both were inaugurated, no one from the government invited him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614696", "title": "Buckingham Palace tries to ban Prince Harry\u2019s nude pics", "text": "The Royal family moved to block the publication of photographs depicting Prince Harry cavorting naked in a Las Vegas hotel room while playing strip billiards, on Wednesday night.A St James' Palace spokesman confirmed that it had contacted the Press Complaints Commission about the images, which were published on a US celebrity website and widely circulated online.The two pictures, taken on a mobile phone in a hotel suite, were taken by a fellow reveller, and sold it for an estimated 10,000 pounds.In the pictures, the 27-year-old Royal is seen wearing nothing but a watch and a distinctive necklace as he embraced a naked young woman who clutching a pool cue during a game of \"strip billiards\".According to the palace, publication of the images, taken in a high rollers suite at the Wynn and Encore hotel complex costing up to 5,000 pounds a night, would be a breach of the prince's privacy.The spokesman declined to say whether or not the prince, who was on a private holiday with friends , paid for the suite himself or accepted the hotel's hospitality, the Telegraph reported.The holiday had raised serious questions about the Prince Harry's judgment and ability to represent the Queen as a senior royal statesman.It is understood that his protection officers were present in the hotel suite during Friday night's party but the incident fuelled debate about whether or not they should be expected to step in unless his life is at risk.The prince is expected to receive a dressing down from the military when he returns to his Army base in Wattisham in Suffolk within the coming days.Military codes of conduct warn officers that the must maintain high standards of professionalism \"both on and off operations\" and experts said he would likely be censured.According to a former instructor at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, the Prince is most likely to face an \"interview without coffee\" once he returns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15608565", "title": "Load shedding begins in 60 Chanda villages", "text": "CHANDRAPUR:: Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) has, on Wednesday, initiated load-shedding in over 60 villages which come under 13 loss making feeders in the district. Load shedding has begun in rural areas where distribution and commercial losses (DCL) is more than 37%. MSEDCL officials said that this will continue until the consumers pay their pending bills.The district had been free of load shedding since last few months but the power distribution company had to take the tough decision in order to make the consumers pay up pending bills. \"The areas where consumers regularly pay their bill should have no fear of load shedding. However, the company has decided to take up load shedding in the areas where DCL is high. Accordingly, we have initiated load shedding in around 60 villages under 13 different feeders,\" said superintending engineer, MSEDCL, Laxman Bhortake.He said that MSEDCL is aiming to make the state load shedding free by December this year. Hence, the earlier criteria of division-wise load-shedding in loss making divisions has been withdrawn. \"Now we have categorized feeder-wise DCL areas. Areas falling under feeders where the DCL losses are more than 37% will face the brunt of load-shedding,\" he explained.Bhortake further said that the feeders have been categorized based on their distribution and commercial losses. Those having DCL between 34-42% have been put in category D. Category E (42-46%), category F (46-52%) and category G (52-56% losses). These areas will have load shedding of duration between five and a half hours to 10 hours depending upon their category. Areas in category A, B and C which have losses less than 37% have been excluded from load shedding.D category feeders at Virur, Dhaba, Jiwti Keroda, Chinchala, Mamla and NTPC Bhadrawati will face load shedding of 51/2 hours daily. Similarly E category feeders at Ashta, MIDC Chandrapur, Usegaon and Tadoba will have load shedding of 6 hours and 15 minutes daily. G-1 category feeder at Teakmandwa will have 9 hours and G-3 category feeder at Wani (Jiwti) 10 hours of load shedding daily. MSEDCL has however made sure that Naxal affected areas are excluded from night load shedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611216", "title": "Princess Esra impressed by Taj-ul-Masajid", "text": "BHOPAL: The imposing minarets of Taj-ul-Masajid, one of the largest mosques in Asia has left Princess Esra Birgin of Hyderabad highly impressed. Princess Esra, first wife of the last Nizam of Hyderabad was on a personal visit to the state capital on Wednesday. Talking to TOI she said, \"I have seen many mosques in the world, but this one is among the best.\"Credited for conserving Hyderabad's historical structures, the Princess visited the monuments of Taj-ul-Masajid, Bada Bagh, Benazir Palace and Taj Mahal of Bhopal . She stayed here as the guest of Begum Saleha Sultan.Her training and interest in architecture was reflected through her comments. \"This red-bricked mosque is unique. I really liked the separate section for women ,\" said Princess Esra. However, she was depressed with the dilapidated state of some of the heritage structures in the city.Efforts must be made for restoring the past glory of some of these monuments, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15613144", "title": "CCTV cameras fails to provide any clue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CCTV cameras installed inside General Hospital, Sector 6, in Panchkula have failed to give any clue in the investigation of recovery of seven-months old male fetus from the ladies washroom of general hospital.The fetus was recovered on August 18 and a regular FIR was registered at police station sector 5. Police sources said apart from scrutinized the CCTV cameras installed inside General Hospital, Sector 6, recovery of gynecology ward of the hospital has also been checked but all vain.It was the second incident of recovery of fetus from a washroom of general hospital and the first case was solved by the district police. A senior health official said a proposal of hiring the private security guards for the security of hospital is also being considered. The CCTV cameras installed at the entry and exit doors of hospital and there was no specific camera, which covers the space outside washroom, health official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610037", "title": "Cop\u2019s son among five arrested for motorbike thefts", "text": "MUMBAI: Five youths, including the son of a police constable, were arrested on August 18 reportedly for stealing motorbikes from different places in south Mumbai. Eight bikes, including an imported sports bike Hyosung worth over Rs 5 lakh belonging to a south Mumbai-based hotelier, have been seized from the gang, said the VP Road police. The gang stole the bikes for joy rides, not to sell them, the cops added.The gang's luck ran short when crime branch officials patrolling near Charni Road station found a gang member, Siddharth Waghmare (20), walking with a motorcycle. \"Waghmare was stopped on suspicion. He said the vehicle belonged to his employer. But when he was unable to give details of the vehicle owner, he was caught,\" said senior inspector Rajendra Chavan.Waghmare's interrogation helped the police nab four other gang members\u2014Chintan Waghmode (20), Anil Kadu (20), Keyur Kamble (20) and Vaibhav Wage (22)\u2014who conduct recces in south Mumbai and identify bikes found unattended. \"The stolen motorcycles are used for joy-rides. Two members of the gang, who are absconding, had used the stolen motorcycles for chain-snatching,\" said DCP (zone II) Nisar Tamboli.The gang has been stealing motorcycles from south Mumbai since 2009. \"After their arrest, we found that the bike's theft was registered at Marine Drive police station on August 11. The gang stole the sports bike from outside a residential building. The bike is owned by an hotelier named Rajesh Moolchandani,\" said sub-inspector Raju Surve.On the gang's modus operandi, Surve said that identifying a motorcycle as a target, the gang walks away with it and parks it 200 metres away in the same locality. \"In the wee hours, the gang returns to the spot with a tempo and takes away with the stolen bike,\" he said. A police source said that Kamble is the son of a police constable. \"The gang steals bikes for joy ride, not to sell them,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609764", "title": "Trains may run slow on City-Yeshwantpur route", "text": "BANGALORE: The last hurdle to fast-track work on the northern line for Namma Metro, from Swastik to Peenya, is on its way out.Formal approval from the Commissioner for Railway Safety (CMRS) for the 66-metre viaduct to be built across the City-Malleswaram railway line near Sriramapuram is expected to come by this month-end. The vital bridge work is crucial for finishing the line between Sampige Road Metro station (Swastik) and Peenya and Hesaraghatta stations.As directed by the Railway Board, BMRC has submitted proof-checked designs for the bridge to the CMRS.BMRC is planning to take up work on the bridge next week. It has asked the divisional railway authorities to impose speed restrictions of 20km per hour on trains moving on this route from September 1. Twenty-sixty traffic and power blocks, each of two-and-a-half hour duration at day and night, have been requisitioned from September 26 to facilitate launching steel beams and other staging materials spanning the tracks.The BMRC designs have been proof-checked by the RITES.\"There are a number of safety implications for both the Indian Railways and BMRC, which have to be kept in mind. Hence we have pitched for power blocks and traffic blocks on this section of the Indian railway tracks,\" said a BMRC spokesperson.However, the time to finish this crucial span is not yet calculated by the Metro authorities.The speed restrictions on trains on the Indian Railway tracks could, however, cause a change in schedules of trains running on the Bangalore City-Yeshwantpur-Hubli route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614658", "title": "H'wood girl Pinky Campbell to enter B'wood", "text": "Hollywood actress Pinky Campbell, who is popularly known for her commercials with George Clooney and soccer star David Beckham , this India's face for Lamborghini cars is all set to be introduced in Bollywood flicks as the new sex siren.B-town insiders reveal, \"Pinky is presently in Mumbai to sign a probable an erotic sex thriller directed by ace filmmaker known for his sequels of horror and thrillers in Bollywood.\"Subsequently, Pinky, who also modeled for commercials like Pepsi, Target, Budweiser, Citibank, and Martini.When contacted, Pinky refused to disclose her plans. \"It is too early to talk,\" she added.In Mumbai, this Indian origin Los Angeles model turned actor has also done her first Lamborghini campaign with an upcoming designer and recently featured in true blood as sexy faerie most famous HBO series in Hollywood.In past Campbell has made appearances in Hollywood films like \" An American Carol \" directed by David Zucker, \" Spread \" directed by David Mackenzie and \" Group Sex \" directed by Lawrence Trilling.It seems Pinky is all set to give a tough time for actress from foreign origin like Katrina Kaif , Nargis Fakri and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "sunam", "code": "15611212", "title": "Standoff between bus operators, students continues", "text": "SUNAM: Hostilities between private bus operators and the student fraternity over the beating up of some students is rising by the day here. With both bus operators and students hardening their respective stands, the town remained almost sealed for most part of the day on Wednesday with bus operators blocking all entry and exit points, even as the students were carrying out a protest march. The bone of contention was allowing students to travel in buses on production of identity cards, without getting forced to pay the fare.Concerned over police registering cases against four bus employees, bus operators on Wednesday blocked vehicular traffic on Sunam-Patiala, Flyover, Sunam-Bathinda-Mansa, and Barnala routes, demanding cancellation of these cases.A private bus owner, Narinder Singh, against whose employees a case has been registered for beating up students, said, \"A few students want to disturb the peaceful atmosphere and wanted to travel without tickets even at odd hours, when there are no classes in colleges\". He said his employees have been falsely implicated in the case.On their part, students demanded registration of case against bus owners, along with operators, for indulging in highhandedness. Student leaders Sarabjit Singh, Gagandeep, Beerpal Kaur, Ramanpreet Kaur and Gaganpreet Kaur said, \"Bus operators are indulging in highhandedness and are not allowing students to board buses. If stern action is not taken in this regard, we will intensify the struggle at state level.\"DSP Jaskjiranjit Singh said, \"A case against four operators has been registered on merit, but nobody will be allowed to take law into their hands\". He said efforts are being made to defuse the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610086", "title": "Railways accepts workers' demands", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Railways have decided to increase the salary of gangmen working in the country who will now be called 'track maintainer' instead of gangmen.The same has been revised in the grade of Rs 1,900, Rs 2,400 and Rs 2,800.The gangman were earlier working in grade of 1800. J G Mahurkar, General Secretary of the Western Railway Mazdoor Sangh said that the railways were forced to increase the grades for the gangmen following the agitation launched by the National Federation of Indian Railway and Western Railway Mazdoor Sangh (WRMS).Mahurkar said that the railways also changed the designation of the gangmen. They will now be called track maintainer.He said that because the railways have decreased the quota of promotion, they have decided to launch a project in Mumbai, Baroda, Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Bhavnagar and Ratlam division.The WRMS demanded that all the recommendations of the Joint Committee of Railway Board should be accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610416", "title": "Number of dysentery, gastro patients soar this month", "text": "PUNE: There has been an increase in the number of patients suffering from diarrhoea, amoebic/bacillary dysentery and gastroenteritis in the city this month, say doctors. In addition to these water-borne diseases, some cases of jaundice and typhoid have also been recorded.\"There is a perceptible increase in cases of diarrhoea and gastroenteritis across the city,\" said physician Achyut Joshi, who works at Joshi Hospital and Ratna Hospital. While 99 per cent recover, one per cent develop complications and require hospitalisation. We admit at least three or four such severe cases every week,\" he says. Family physician Hillary Rodrigues said, \"I see around 10 to 15 cases of gastro and diarrhoea every day. Most of them are youngsters and children, who tend to eat outside.\"Another family physician, Prakash Mahajan, who practises in Deep Bungalow chowk, near Wadarwadi, agreed that there was a definite rise in patients with viral diarrhoea and bacillary dysentery. \"I see at least 10 to 15 such patients every day. There water has a dank taste. Some patients even brought samples of turbid water to show the level of contamination in the drinking water they get at home,\" he said.What is causing more concern is that many patients do not respond to the usual first and second line antibiotics, compelling doctors to resort to prescribing stronger antibiotics to treat them. \"That is definitely a worry. If I treat 10 to 15 patients, at least four or five of them do not respond to first and second generation antibiotics, which are commonly used,\" says Rodrigues. \"Stronger antibiotics are usually needed to treat them. The incidence of resistant bacterial strain is definitely on the rise,\" he added.Echoing similar concerns, family physician Avinash Bhondwe said, \"I see around 25 to 30 patients who either suffer from amoebic dysentery or bacillary dysentery every day. Four in every 10 patients among them do not get cured with the usual antibiotics like metronidazole, ofloxacin and norfloxacin. In such cases, we have to use stronger antibiotics like meropenem, a carbapenem-type fourth generation antibiotic.\"Children below eight are the most affected by waterborne diseases. \"Compared to last month, there has been an increase in patients with water-borne diseases this month,\" said senior paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar. \"I have treated 25 children below eight years who were hospitalised for jaundice this month. I also treated 23 children who were diagnosed with typhoid this month. Every day, I see three or four cases of gastroenteritis and diarrhoea,\" he said. Use of tanker and borewell water, which is prevalent in many parts of the city, may be the cause for the spread of the disease, he added.Physician R B Kulkarni of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital observed that most patients who were ill due to a waterborne disease had eaten food and water at an eatery or restaurant.\"People should always ensure the quality of the water before drinking it. It is advisable not to eat food kept in the open. Either use bottled water or use water cleansing tablets before drinking water at food joints and hotels,\" Kulkarni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610619", "title": "BJD, JD(U) against disrupting Parliament on Coalgate, prefer debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are some cracks in the opposition with BJD declaring that it is not in favour of supporting BJP's tactics of blocking Parliament.The Odisha-based party's view that the Comptroller and Auditor General's report on coal allocations should be debated also found the support of Janata Dal (United), a major ally of the BJP.\"There are any number of scams tumbling out of the cupboard of the UPA, but we feel the Coalgate report should be debated in Parliament,\" senior BJP leader Bhartruhari Mahtab said.JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav said Coalgate should be debated, but added that the party would not break with NDA, at least not just yet. He said he was consulting other parties like those of the Left and regional outfits about their views.BJP remains determined to turn down the government's offer to debate Coalgate. The party is not relenting on disrupting proceedings, insisting on raising its demand for the resignation of the PM over coal allocations made when he held charge of the coal ministry.The divergence with other political parties weakens BJP's position but may not prevent it from persisting with its tactics for a couple of days more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15612662", "title": "Names of websites blocked by government leaked online", "text": "NEW DELHI: The names of 309 URLs that Indian government wanted banned in the wake of Assam riots was allegedly leaked on the internet on Wednesday. The list was dominated by Facebook and Youtube, Google's portal for sharing videos.Indian government allegedly found 102 URLs on Facebook and 85 URLs on YouTube where communally sensitive content was posted. Both Facebook and Google said on Wednesday that they were working with Indian government to remove illegal content.Though sources at Google said that they may not remove all posts and videos from its websites. An official said that Google would carefully determine content hosted at each URL and remove it only if the company found it illegal.According to a blog post at the website of Centre for Internet and Society, the non-profit organization that leaked the list, almost \"all of the blocked items have content (images, videos, writings) that are related to communal issues and rioting\".At the same time, Pranesh Paraksh, a CIS official, note on the blog that it was unclear if the government exercised its powers responsibly in this case. \"The blocking of many of the items on the list are legally questionable and morally indefensible, even while a large number of the items ought to be removed,\" he wrote.According to the leaked list, Indian government also wanted to block 30 Twitter URLs, 3 Wikipedia URLs, 11 Blogger URLs and 8 Wordpress URLs. There were also some URLs belonging to a few websites that are sympathetic to Hindu and Muslim extremists. Surprisingly, the list also contained URLs belonging to several mainstream media websites though it was not clear if it was due to user-generated content like comments or due to news reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610095", "title": "Cloud seeding costs touch sky as BMC dithers on company", "text": "MUMBAI: The cost for the BMC's ambitious cloud seeding experiment to induce rain near Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna catchments has gone up from Rs 12 crore to 20 crore with the BMC's decision to procure aircraft from India-based company My Avani, which in turn will bring specialized aircraft from South Africa.The BMC had initially roped in Israel's Mekorot to bring aircraft, but owing to hassles over clearances, it changed its plan and is now negotiating with My Avani.\"We are waiting for a no objection certificate (NOC) from the central home department to use flying space for the aircraft. Had we passed the proposal in the standing committee meeting, the BMC would have got only 20% of the project cost, as per the condition set by the private firm in the work order. An official each from the hydraulic department and Mekorot has reached Delhi to work on approvals,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman, standing committee.However, Mekorot will only offer manpower and salt crystals for the experiment. that will provide a short-term respite from and a long-term solution to water crisis here.On July 31, the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) told the BMC that Israel had developed technology for cloud seeding. The BMC had signed an MoU with Israel's water and energy department last year.The process will involve sprinkling of sodium chloride crystals from a plane on clouds to induce precipitation and subsequently, rain. It will be held over Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna lakes. So far, the city is short of 4 lakh MLD water.The BMC has been advised by IITM to go for cloud seeding in September as frequency of appearance of 'seedable' clouds is more then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15611220", "title": "Row over promotion of rape accused SI", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The promotion of a sub-inspector, main accused in the Vakapalli gangrape case and one of the accused in a land dispute case, created a flutter here on Wednesday. The police department had promoted A Ravi Kumar as circle inspector recently . Ravi was accused No 1 in the 2007 Vakapalli gangrape case in G Madugula mandal of Vizag district.The alleged gangrape was committed by the Greyhounds personnel led by Ravi, then Paderu SI, on 11 tribal women of Vakapalli on August 20, 2007. Two of the 11 victims had died. The special police personnel assaulted the villagers and raped the tribal women at gunpoint, which invited nationwide condemnation. Following an uproar from rights activists and civil groups, cases of gangrape and SC/ST Atrocities Act were booked against Ravi and 12 other cops. The case is yet to be disposed of.\"The SI is an accused in the gangrape case. How could the police top brass promote him as CI,\" a rights activist questioned . Ravi is also an accused in a land dispute at Atchutapuram where he served as SI.\"It was not proper on the part of the police department to give promotion to the SI when the high court has ordered a trial into the Vakapalli case at Paderu,\" Human Rights Forum general secretary VS Krishna pointed out. He said the government should have kept the promotion on hold till he was cleared of all charges. Mahila Chetana secretary K Padma told TOI that the SI was involved in several civil disputes also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15609146", "title": "\u2018UDF using police to take on CPM\u2019", "text": "THRISSUR: CPM central committee member E P Jayarajan said the very same rules that were used to arrest CPM leaders will remain during the reign of the next government.CPM leaders P Jayarajan and T V Rajesh were arrested under the rules that were framed during the British rule, he said. He was addressing the collectorate blockade organized by the CPM on Wednesday.He alleged that instead of facing the party politically, UDF was using the police to challenge the CPM, violating all democratic values.\"Police failed to nab even a single Popular Front of India (PFI) activist even though there were allegations that the front spread rumours on Assam violence. The state is adopting a soft stand on PFI. IUML and PFI are operating together,\" alleged Jayarajan.He further alleged that KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala was giving political suggestions to the police and thus weakening the force.\"The government is yet to arrest MLA P K Basheer in the Areekode twin murder case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15613027", "title": "Police keeping eye on Panjab University vehicles used in crime", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of upcoming students' council elections at Panjab University (PU) here, Chandigarh police have made a list of 60 vehicles, including many upscale cars and SUVs, which have been used by hooligans inside the varsity campus, in the recent past.Police said that they keeping an eye on the plying of these vehicles and they are approaching the actual owners of these vehicles to inform them that these cars are on police radar.\"There are cases when weapons including swords, knives, batons and even country-made pistols have been taken inside the campus by hiding them in these vehicles. So we are keeping a vigil on them,\" Gurmukh Singh , station house officer of sector 11 police station, told TOI.\"In most of the cases, these vehicles are registered on someone else's name and students have only borrowed them. Therefore we are reaching to the actual owner and informing them that their cars are being used in such anti-social activities,\" stated Singh.Also, police have made a list of 44 trouble-makers, who could create ruckus on campus, during the polls. Students council elections are slated somewhere in the first week of September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611027", "title": "Cops search for firearms used by murder accused in Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: The detection of crime branch (DCB) of the city police conducted extensive searches in the Sursagar in the heart of the city on Wednesday with the help of divers to locate a gun that was allegedly thrown in the pond by an accused in the Wadi murder case. A tailor, Dinesh Jhingar ,was allegedly shot dead by Jayanti Patel in the locality on May 13.According to sources, the firearm used by Patel was recovered from an isolated location in the Kapurai area of the city on Tuesday. However, interrogation of the accused had led the police to information that another firearm was thrown in the Sursagar.The city police had arrested Patel, Firoze alias Kalu Diwan, Abdul alias Munna Sheikh and Mohsin alias Bagla Mansuri in connection with the offence. Interrogation of the accused led the police to information that Sheikh had thrown the firearm in Sursagar. It is believed that Sheikh panicked after the murder and disposed off the firearm.The police sought help of divers of the Vadodara fire brigade and Sheikh was brought to Sursagar to identify the spot from where he had thrown the gun in the pond. The divers started searching for the firearm in the afternoon and the operation continued for around four hours. However, the firearm was not located in the pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610605", "title": "New hoardings only after policy approval: Pathak", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Wednesday said the PMC would not allow new hoardings to be put up in the city till the state government approved the hoardings policy.\"We await approval of the hoardings policy,\" said Pathak at the general body meeting. \"Until then, the PMC will not renew contracts with hoarding companies or allow new hoardings. Many contracts will be ending soon and the companies will be asked to remove their hoardings. The PMC will allow new hoardings only as per the policy,\" added Pathak.Pathak's remarks came in reply to questions raised by corporators about the PMC's 'apathy' in controlling illegal hoardings in the city. They demanded that the civic administration approach the state government to get approval of the hoardings policy.In August 2011, the state urban development department had suspended the PMC's policy, since proper procedure had not been followed in publishing it and seeking the state's permission.Pathak said that the PMC had now completed all procedures and that the resolution was with the state government, awaiting approval.The hoardings policy, approved unanimously by the GB last year, seeks to keep a check on sky sign advertisements and hoardings in the city. Permission for existing sky signs will be cancelled and new ones will be issued. The city will be divided into several zones so that permission issues are streamlined.It aims to ensure that no sky signs or advertisements are displayed in a manner that inconveniences motorists and pedestrians. Rules have been drafted as regards the size and structure of the hoardings. No advertisements will be allowed in public places, such as gardens, hilltops, slopes, riverbanks and historic and religious places. The Pune Outdoor Hoarding Association had approached the Bombay high court (HC) against the policy but the HC had told the state government to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608891", "title": "Kochi to get a new research institute", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Technology (CIPET) will open an institute in Kochi to undertake academic, research and development activities in biopolymer technology.The institute, Centre of Biopolymer Science and Technology (CBPST), will offer MSc course in biopolymer science with an intake of 20 students, and doctoral programmes in biopolymer science and technology for 12 students in association with the Cochin University of Science and Technology.Union minister for chemicals and fertilizers M K Alagiri will inaugurate the centre on Saturday, at a temporary location on the campus of FACT at Udyogmandal. CIPET deputy director K Palanivelu said it is the first centre under the institute in the state.\"The project cost of the centre will be equally shared by Central and state governments. We are planning to offer MTech and five- year MSc (Tech) courses from next academic year,\" said Palanivelu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608718", "title": "Juvenile offender still in jail due to procedural delays", "text": "NAGPUR: The fate of Ankush Shinde, who was sentenced to death despite being a juvenile offender when the crime was committed, is hanging in balance with the Central Jail authorities here writing to the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) in Nashik to furnish a date when he could be produced before it for further action.Shinde is currently lodged in the high security prison here. Though the session's court in Nashik validated his date of birth and confirmed that Shinde was 17 years, 9 months and 15 days when the offence was registered in 2003, he continues to be behind bars due to procedural delays. The court has now asked that Shinde be produced before the JJB in Nashik.Human rights activist-cum-lawyer Vijay Hiremath, who took up Shinde's case, said the Nagpur central jail was ignoring the court's order. \"It amounts to illegal detention,\" he said. \"I have been trying to follow up with the jail authorities for the last one month but there is no response for reasons best known to them.\"Central Jail SP VV Sekdar said he was waiting for the JJB to issue an order when Shinde should be produced before it. \"I have sent a letter to the Nashik JJB on Monday,\" he said.TOI had reported on Monday how Shinde, a Dalit, has already spent nine years on death row after murdering a family of five, along with five others, in June 2003. There was also a rape charge against him. His death sentence, passed by the trial court in 2006, was confirmed by the Supreme Court in 2009.His lawyers had failed to establish Shinde's age both, at the session's as well as the Supreme Court. Had he been tried as a juvenile, Shinde would have been released in three years - the maximum sentence for offenders of his age.The July 6 order of the session's court should have resulted in Shinde being released instantly as he has already served nine years in prison. However, he continues to languish in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15613087", "title": "Mom confines 25-year-old daughter citing possession by evil spirits", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Suspecting that her daughter was affected with 'evil spirits', a mother has confined her 25-year old post graduate daughter for around six months in a small room.The girl was rescued when a local NGO came to know about it and informed the local police and health department officials in Kharar area of district police. The girl was rescued from her house in Dashmesh Colony, Kharar, in district Mohali and she is admitted in PGI and her condition said to be stable.The exact reason behind the confinement of girl could not be ascertained and mother of girl, Balwinder Kaur claimed that her daughter was haunted by 'evil spirits'. Police sources said the room, in which girl was confined, was locked from outside and neighbors had not spotted the girl for last six months in the locality.SHO of police station Balongi, Depinder Singh, said victim is not fit for giving her statement and a DDR was lodged in this regard. Harpreet Singh Walia, president of Anti-Corruption &amp; Human Rights Association, said girl was confined in the house for last eight months and she has lost her mental balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15611244", "title": "India beat New Zealand to enter Under-19 World Cup final", "text": "NEW DELHI: India beat New Zealand by 9 runs in a thrilling semifinal in Townsville on Thursday to set up a clash with Australia in the ICC Under-19 World Cup final.ScorecardChasing a victory target of 210 runs, New Zealand managed 200/9 in their 50 overs.New Zealand lost their eighth wicket when Sandeep Sharma clean bowled Cam Fletcher who hit a 89-ball 53.New Zealand lost their seventh wicket when Sandeep Sharma had Ish Sodhi caught by Harmeet Singh at mid-wicket in the second semifinal of the ICC Under-19 World Cup on Thursday.New Zealand lost their sixth wicket when Ravikant Singh clean bowled Connor Neynens with a yorker in the second semifinal of the ICC Under-19 World Cup on Thursday. New Zealand lost their fifth wicket when Baba Aparajith took a simple return catch to dismiss Robert O'Donnell.O'Donnell (29) had steadied the New Zealand innings by putting up a 56-run partnership with Cam Fletcher for the fifth wicket.New Zealand were reduced to 63/4 before the O'Donnell-Fletcher stand.New Zealand lost three wickets in three overs the first of which was claimed by Harmeet Singh who had Ben Horne caught by Akshdeep Nath at short third man. Nath took his second catch in the next over when taking a fine catch at point to dismiss Joe Carter off Ravikant Singh.Harmeet took his second wicket in the next over when he had Will Young caught by Baba Aparajith at first slip.Kamal Passi gave India the first breakthough when he dismissed Michael Davidson. Davidson looked to drive to a fuller ball outside the off-stump but the bat turned in his hand as he played the shot and the ball ended up being an easy catch for Ravikant Singh at mid-off.Earlier, India's middle-order frittered away the good start provided by the top half as the team posted a disappointing 209/9 after being put into bat. Opener Prashant Chopra was the top-scorer for the Indians with a patient 104-ball 52, followed by number three batsman Baba Aparajith who added 44 runs to the total.Skipper Unmukt Chand also did his bit with 31 runs off 44 deliveries but the rest of the line-up let the team down against a disciplined bowling effort by the New Zealand team.For the Kiwis, left-arm spinner Ben Horne was the top wicket-taker, picking up 3/23 in six overs, while medium pacer Matthew Quinn managed a couple of scalps.It was a decent start to the proceedings for the Indians as Unmukt and Prashant put on 51 runs for the first wicket before the former made his way back after becoming medium pacer Connor Neynens' only victim of the match.Unmukt's knock included five hits to the fence. Next man in, Aparajith took hardly any time to settle down and rotated the strike with ease.Aparajith and Prashant combined to add 81 runs before the latter departed, caught one-handed by Kiwi skipper Will Young at mid-on off Ed Nuttall's bowling.Prashant struck five boundaries and a six during his innings. Aparajith departed a couple of overs later, his 61-ball innings ended by Indian-origin spinner Ish Sodhi.The rest of the Indian line-up failed to make notable contributions as the team were restricted to a disappointing total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610252", "title": "Over 59,000 Kashmiri Pandits living outside Kashmir: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are only 808 families of Kashmiri Pandits who still live in the Valley, while close to 60,000 families have moved out, the government informed Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.\"As many as 808 families are residing in Kashmir and 59,442 registered migrant families continue to reside outside the Valley,\" Minister of State for Home Affairs Jitendra Singh told Rajya Sabha in a written reply.The minister also released data on temples in the Valley along with those that were damaged during the campaign to drive out the Pandits.Singh said 170 temples were damaged in Kashmir after migration of Kashmiri Pandits. \"Of the total of 430 temples which existed before migration, 260 of them are intact, 170 were damaged and 90 others renovated,\" Singh said in reply to details sought by an MP on Hindu temples in Kashmir.\"In order to mitigate the hardships faced by the Kashmiri migrants, a cash relief of Rs 1,250 per person per month subject to maximum of Rs 5,000 per family per month is being provided to eligible families in Jammu and Delhi,\" he said.The minister also said return of the migrants to the Valley is voluntary and no roadmap is possible.To facilitate their return, a Rs 1618.40-crore package has been announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2008 which provides for assistance for repair or renovation of damaged houses, transit, accommodation, government jobs and financial assistance for self employment among others, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609981", "title": "Umang ends, more fests in September", "text": "MUMBAI: Wednesday was packed with action and drama as NM College fest Umang 2012 came to a close, with final rounds of many events taking place on the day. Usha Pravin Gandhi College, second on the points tally, walked away with the trophy as host college NM, which bagged the most points at the fest this year, doesn't retain the trophy if it wins.\"Since the finals for UV dance, war of the DJs, western group band and street dance were held on the last day, there was a lot of cheering and hooting heard all over the campus on Wednesday. We also organized a freestyle football event, for which judges arrived from across the country,\" said Sohil Bhansali, PR in-charge of the fest. A workshop on skateboarding was held for interested participants, the final rounds of took place on the last day of the fest.For all those students who are already missing the excitement of college fests with both Malhar and Umang coming to an end, two more fests are lined up in the first week of September. Students of Sophia's College and Wilson College are gearing up to host their annual fests, Kaleidoscope and Adorea, respectively, on September 7, 8 and 9. \"The theme for K'Scope 2012 is 'rewrite the future' and our aim is to show that the youth can make a difference,\" said Lubna Amir, member of the PR team for Kaleidoscope.Students of Sophia College have already started pre-KScope events and have received rave reviews from participants. \"One of our events was 'Snap Out', where we invited colleges to click a picture of something they don't want to see in Mumbai anymore. We got an overwhelming response from the participants,\" added Amir.Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) students of Wilson College say that Adorea, their annual fest, is designed in a way that students from all departments can participate and have fun.\"This annual festival epitomizes the spirit and passion of Wilson BMS students and we decided to bring out a top notch-plan with a galactic touch for a theme, which led us to the 'year of the digital orbit',\" said Asad Khan, from the organizing team for the fest. The main categories in this fest are Arena ( sports ) Athena (cultural) and Academia (management), with the events ranging from a simple instrumental performance to a huge scavenger hunt around the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15610866", "title": "Solo mission: PLA women fighter pilots make history", "text": "BEIJING: The first batch of five Chinese air force women fighter pilots have recently made their first solo flights in the country's most advanced J-10 combat aircraft, the PLA Daily reported. They flew the aircraft from an unnamed airfield in northern China in July end, the paper reported.The J-10, also called the \"Vigorous Dragon\", is a multirole combat aircraft capable of air-to-air combat and ground-attack missions. China's air force began recruiting female fighter pilots after it became a global trend in 2005.\"The female pilots can do what their male colleagues can,'' Wang Qin, an instructors was quoted by the paper as saying.The five pilots were among the 16 officers, who were selected after graduating from colleges in 2009. One of them, He Xiaoli, joined male colleagues to fly over Tiananmen Square during the National Day Parade to mark the 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China that year.The five completed their solo flight after Chinese female astronaut Liu Yang soared into space on Shenzhou-9 spacecraft in June.Flying a fighter jet is a very demanding job. Fifteen countries, including the US, Britain, Germany, Spain, Israel and Pakistan have female fighter pilots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610599", "title": "Students worried due to less gap between UPSC", "text": "PUNE: With just a month's gap between the two major administrative examinations, it is testing time for students appearing for the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) and the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) examinations this year.Students are complaining that they have very less time at their disposal as the approach required to prepare for the two civil services exams is different. Tutors have blamed the state commission for not considering the national exam before scheduling the MPSC exam. The state officials, however, argue that back-to-back exams is good because the changed syllabus of MPSC is in line with UPSC's, so it will be a good pre-test for the all-important national exam.The MPSC main examination will be held between September 1 and 3, while the UPSC examination will be conducted on October 5. For the first time, the MPSC exam will have objective type questions based on the new syllabus. Students say they will have to get acquainted with the new examination pattern and the changed syllabus and then change their approach for the UPSC exam which has a descriptive pattern.Vinayak Pol, who will appear for both, said that usually there is a time gap of two to three months. \"However, this year, there is only a month's gap which has added to our pressure. I have put in a lot of hard work to qualify for the main examination. This pressure is taking a toll on my preparations.\"Another aspirant, Vaishali Sonune, said, \"From this year onwards, the approach for MPSC examination needs to be different because of the changes made by the commission. With just a month between the two exams there's very little time for us to do justice to both.\"Tukaram Jadhav, who runs a training academy for both the competitive examinations, said, \"We had requested the commission to maintain a good gap between the two exams, but they seem to have ignored this. The UPSC's time-table is always fixed, so it is the state commission that needs to set its dates accordingly.\"Arun Dalvi, director of the Competitive Examination Centre at the University of Pune, said, \"There will be a problem for those who have cleared the prelims of both examinations. The number of such candidates is not big, but nevertheless, it will be a tough task for them.\"Sudhir Thakre, chairperson of MPSC, said the state level exam will act as a good built-up for the UPSC exam. \"The new syllabus of MPSC has been designed on the lines of the national exam. Students wanted the MPSC exam scheduled in a way that they get more time to prepare for both examinations. But it is practically impossible. The UPSC is usually held in October and we cannot schedule the exam after October as it will disturb the entire process. I believe September is a good time to hold MPSC exams. It's only a psychological thing that a three-month gap helps. Students are anyway preparing all through the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609594", "title": "Two arrested for 'raping' minor girl", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested two persons from Mallapur on Wednesday for allegedly raping a minor girl.On Wednesday morning, the 13-year-old victim's mother approached police stating that the girl was missing since Tuesday morning.During the probe, police found that the girl was close to a 17-year-old Intermediate II year student from Shanti Nagar at whose house the victim's mother works as a domestic help. Police realised that the teenager, who is a student of a private college in Kukatpally, was alsonot at home in the morning. As he was not at college either, police began suspecting his role. Police learnt from his friends that he was friends with a 22-year-old Akhtar from Mallapur.The Lalaguda police immediately raided Akhtar's house and found the girl along with the teenager and Akhtar. The girl told the police that she was forcibly brought to the house by the duo and they had sexually assaulted her. \"We have sent the girl for medical examination and a rape case was booked against the two under Section 376 of the IPC,\" Lalaguda inspector V Srinivasa Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610039", "title": "Leaves cancelled, doctors, medical staff join duty", "text": "JAIPUR: After rain created havoc, the health department cancelled leaves of the doctors and other medical staff in Jaipur and sounded an alert in all hospitals including community health centres and primary health centres.The ambulance drivers were on mass leave as a protest against the state government but they too joined the duty.Chief medical and health officer (Jaipur I) Dr O P Thankan said: \"We have sounded an alert in the district and made all the doctors and other medical staff to be present due to heavy rain in the district.\"District collector Navin Mahajan said that medical camps would be organized in the area which are affected badly due to rain.In Sawai Mansingh (SMS) hospital, many injured were admitted but the hospital was also inundated due to heavy rain. The basement of the SMS hospital, which is a workshop of the employees, was filled with rain water. The hospital administration alleged that though they called district administration several times they did not pay attention to their complaints. A hospital official said that with their own efforts they took out water from the basement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15607795", "title": "Bhat stuns Jayaram", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former national champion Arvind Bhat stunned Ajay Jayaram 23-21, 21-17 in the men's singles second round of the Yonex Sunrise Vietnam Open Grand Prix in Ho Chih Minh on Wednesday.World No. 29 Jayaram was the top-ranked Indian after P Kashyap and had lost the Olympic berth to the latter in the very last moment. However, on Wednesday, Jayaram failed to live up to the expectations as he went down to his compatriot in 40 minutes.Bangalore-lad Bhat looked sharp despite losing valuable time due to injuries as he prevailed over his younger opponent during the tense first game (23-21) and the testing second game. Reigning national champion Sourabh Verma and HS Prannoy joined Bhat in the pre-quarters.Results: Men's singles (Rd II): Sourabh Varma bt Yogendran Khrishnan (Mas) 21-14, 23-21; HS Prannoy bt Akbar Panji (Ina) 21-15, 13-21, 21-18; Arvind Bhat bt Ajay Jayaram 23-21, 21-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610541", "title": "Patna high court takes exception to non-payment of arrears", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday has directed the director, primary education, to state on affidavit what action has been taken against the district education officers (DEOs) who failed to comply with the director's order in 2007 for payment of enhanced salary arrears for the period between 1971 and 1973 to the retired primary schoolteachers.A single bench of Justice R K Datta issued the directive while hearing a writ petition filed by a retired schoolteacher of Saran district, Yogawali Kumari, seeking payment of arrears of enhanced salary from 1971 to 1973, along with compound interest. The court has given four weeks time to the state to file a counter-affidavit.Justice Datta took note of the advertisement issued by the director, primary education, through which all the DEOs concerned were directed to complete the formalities of payment of salary arrears from 1971 to 1973 by August 2007 to those retired teachers who had moved the high court seeking the payment, failing which the DEOs concerned would face suspension/dismissal.In the said advertisement, the director had mentioned that the number of writ petitions filed by the retired teachers in the Patna high court had swelled to more than 100 and the then principal secretary, human resources department, had to give undertaking before the court for making payment in all such cases. In view of this, all the DEOs were required to complete the process of arrears payment to the teachers.Earlier, the court had directed the director to appear in person and state what action had been taken regarding payment of arrears with interest to Yogawali Kumari.On Wednesday the government pleader, Nirbhay Kumar Singh, submitted that the director was away for some urgent work and he had directed the DEO, Saran, to represent him before the court. But the DEO, Saran, could not appear before the court. The government pleader submitted that the arrears had been paid to the petitioner in this case.On this, Justice Datta directed the director, primary education, to state what action he had taken against the DEO for not being present in the court. The court also ordered the director to state on affidavit the measures taken for payment of interest on the enhanced salary arrears to the petitioner.Petitioner's counsel, Umesh Kumar Mishra, submitted that the petitioner was entitled to payment of compound interest on the arrears of enhanced salary right from 1973 as she had suffered huge financial losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15611266", "title": "Rivals challenge Kanda on his home ground", "text": "SIRSA: It seems the detractors of Gopal Kanda, accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, have finally got an opportunity to regroup and restock in his own hometown, Sirsa. In an act -- quite unthinkable till about a fortnight back -- they removed billboards, banners and posters of Kanda from the premises of Tara Baba ki Kutia on Wednesday.The Kutia, a cluster of temples, was built by Kanda. Geetika and her family had even attended a function held here last year.The banner-removing exercise led to high tension in the area and prompted a heavy presence of police as the former minister's supporters also reached the Kutia to stop members of Tara Baba Charitable Trust from pulling down posters. Sirsa police requested extra force from Fatehabad and local officials, including the SDM and DSP, also rushed to the spot.Lila Dhar Saini, a bete noir of Kanda, a trustee and secretary of the trust, oversaw the removal of billboards and got them replaced by those of Tara Baba, a mendicant worshiped by the Kandas. After his death in 2003, Kanda got a number of temples built in his memory. This temple cluster came to be known as Tara Baba ki Kutia, and Kanda has dominated its affairs ever since.Saini said Kanda's banners and billboards were removed to check the decline in number of devotees coming to the Kutia ever since the MLA's name came up in the suicide case. \"This divine place had a bad association, and today we removed it,\" he said. Since Saini is also the district president of Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), his actions prompted Kanda's younger brother Gobind to level allegations of \"political conspiracy\" against the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609712", "title": "Women's police station gets new address", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Bhadra beautification project undertaken by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) has forced two wings of city police to wind up operations at Bhadra and shift to new location at Mithakhali.The city traffic branch and women police station will start functioning from Mithakhali circle where earlier the city traffic deputy commissioner of police used to sit.The Bhadra restoration project, an ambitious project to create walker's zone between Bhadra fort and Teen Darwaza, is in full swing. A separate hawker zone will also come in effect as per the project. As the project would cut off the building used by the traffic branch and women police station, the city police administration had started hunt for the new place for relocation.Meera Ramniwas, additional commissioner of police (administration), told TOI that orders have been given to the traffic branch and women police station officials to relocate. \"Both the branches will be shifted to Mithakhali where we already have a place vacant. The traffic branch is already there whereas shifting of women police station is underway,\" she said.S M Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that the traffic branch operations would be shifted to the Mithakhali office in phases. \"The Karanj building had traffic control room and offices of ACP, police inspectors and planning department. The entire office may be relocated in a month,\" he said.The Khas Bazaar police chowky near Teen Darwaza, under Karanj police station, will also be shifted, confirmed city police officials.The visitors at the women police station, however, are likely to be affected. More than 50 visitors come to the station every day in connection with cases, mainly dowry and harassment. \"The earlier location of the police station was beneficial for the applicants due to its proximity to the courts in the old city. Now, the lawyers, applicants and the accused would have to come to Mithakhali for the proceedings,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608243", "title": "Mangalore University ushers in Choice Based Credit System for PG students", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has introduced Choice Based Credit System (CBCS) for third semester postgraduate (PG) students from this academic year. The University Grants Commission (UGC) in its XIth plan guidelines has directed all universities in the country to implement CBCS for postgraduate courses in 2011-12.CBCS allows a postgraduate student in third semester to pursue one choice based course (CBC) apart from pursuing his specialization course. For instance, an MSc in Mathematics student can choose Sanskrit in third semester under CBCS. At present, MU students have the option of choosing one course out of 34 courses offered by MU under this new system.Another unique feature of CBCS is students can pursue their CBC either in their respective colleges or in other colleges.Classes for CBC will be conducted every Saturday for four months, which includes 100 hours of theoretical and practical classes, project work and internship.MU has 36 colleges affiliated to it and for the pilot batch of CBCS, PG departments in MU campus have received an overwhelming response. MU vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that pilot batch (III semester PG students) of CBCS in MU campus has strength of around 1,200 students, of which nearly 500 students are from different colleges of Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada and Chikmagalur districts.UGC's motto behind introducing CBSC is to make students of university on par with global academic standards and evaluation strategies. Murthy said CBCS gives flexibility to pursue one course apart from their specialization course and its objective is to create interest in other subjects among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609858", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission trips users' migration plans", "text": "MUMBAI: Directing Tata Power Corp to fast-track the setting up of its network in suburbs, the state power regulatory commission has barred Reliance Infra consumers who use over 300 units a month to switch over to Tata Power for next one year.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission in its order on Tuesday asked Tata Power to expand its network in around 20 areas, where the switchover demand is highest. MERC order comes into effect from Thursday and will only allow consumers using up to 300 units a month to switchover to Tata Power in the next one year. RInfra had approached the regulator seeking payment of dues from high power-consuming users who have migrated to Tata Power. RInfra also demanded that Tata Power stop adding new customers from its areas till it sets up its own network. Currently, Tata Power uses RInfra network to supply power.\"We expect 2 lakh low-end consumers to switch over during the year's period. This will stabilize the tariff for a major chunk of residential consumers in the longer run,\" said MERC chairman V P Raja.Before the switchover, the high power-consuming users of RInfra were paying more to subsidize the low-end consumers. With the high-end users moving to Tata Power, the burden of subsidizing fell on RInfra, forcing it to raise the tariffs of low-end consumers.Of the 28 lakh RInfra consumers, a little over 2 lakh have migrated to Tata Power. There are over 22 lakh RInfra consumers, who use only up to 300 units a month. After migration of these consumers to Tata Power, RInfra's subsidized sale rose to 59%.Allowing RInfra to collect the cross-subsidy from the consumers who had switched over to Tata Power, the MERC said in order to ensure a level playing field and also to protect the interests of low-end consumers there is a need to calibrate the migration of consumers from one licensee to another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610026", "title": "Hunt on for woman who cheated many men of lakhs after marriage", "text": "CHENNAI: She told them she was a lawyer and convinced them she was the perfect mate. At least seven men from the city and elsewhere in the state were smitten and 'married' her before realizing a few others had similarly fallen for her. By then, it was too late.After a football player from Pulianthope and a car showroom employee from Mugalivakkam, who together lost Rs 3 lakh to her, lodged complaints, police are looking for the woman who gave her name as Shahnaz and claimed she was from Thiruvananthapuram. She gave all her victims visiting cards that showed her to be a law graduate.In his complaint to police commissioner J K Tripathy on Wednesday, Manikandan said he met her at the automobile showroom where he worked. Shahnaz showed him a photograph of a man who she claimed had cheated her friend promising marriage. She took Manikandan's number and later proposed to him.The two got married on May 21, 2011 at a temple in Kunrathur and a grand reception was held at Porur. Later, she told Manikandan she was practising at the Madras high court and also wanted to enter the IAS. \"She said she wanted to concentrate on her studies and asked me to put her in a hostel at Saidapet. I borrowed Rs 1.8 lakh to help her in July,\" Manikandan said. He continued to visit the hostel.On November 8, Manikandan received a phone call saying the woman was missing from the hostel for more than a week. Later, he received a call from a man named Venkatesan who said she had cheated his brother of a huge sum in similar fashion. Subsequent inquiries revealed that she had cheated others, too, but Manikandan didn't approach police due as he was ashamed to admit he had been conned.The other complainant, football player Prasanna said he had been in love with Shahanaz for some years but they got married five months ago after she threatened to commit suicide. In his complaint, Prasanna said he met her at a supermarket in Vepery. A while after the wedding at the Uthukadu Ellaiamman temple in Kancheepuram, Prasanna became suspicious when the supermarket owner showed him photographs of Shahnaz with other men.\"I confronted her, but she said the owner was a pervert who always harassed her,\" Prasanna said.\"When a few others told me she had married another person from the same area, I decided to lodge a complaint,\" he said.Preliminary interrogations revealed that the woman had cheated seven men from various places in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15609982", "title": "Woman gives birth to girl on train at Chennai Central", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers on the Cheran Express had an unexpected flutter on Wednesday morning when a pregnant woman travelling to the city went into labour and gave birth to a baby girl minutes after the train pulled into Chennai Central.Sulakshana Selvam, 24, said she felt some pain on Tuesday evening but thought she was only imagining it because doctors had told her that the child, her second, was due on August 27.\"I had a check-up at a hospital in my hometown, Arakkonam, only last week,\" Sulakshana said, clearly dazed by what she had been through. \"The doctors did not see any sign of the due date advancing.\" When the pain refused to cease, her parents, C Perumal and Ponni, took her to a government hospital near their house.To the family's surprise there was no doctor in the hospital and a staff nurse referred Sulakshana to Government Hospital for Women and Children in Egmore, Chennai, because she had high blood pressure.\"My daughter has always had a blood pressure problem,\" Sulakshana's father said. \"Since her first child was born in the Egmore hospital, the nurses felt it would be safer for her to come here.\" At 12.30am she complained of intense pain and her parents took her to Arakkonam railway station to board a Chennai-bound train.\"The pain was getting severe and she could not walk to the unreserved compartment of Cheran Express. We lifted her into the S12 coach, the bogie that was closest to us,\" said Perumal. Passengers in the coach immediately vacated a coupe for the family when they realised that the woman was in labour. Sulakshana, who had remained brave till then, panicked when her water broke.When the train reached Central, there was an ambulance ready for service, but they could not move Sulakshana because she was in too much pain and gave birth in the train. Sulakshana and her child have been admitted to the Egmore hospital. Her husband, who works as a mechanic in Mumbai, is on his way to Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610121", "title": "Didn't apply mind to threat risk: Vij", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief of army General N C Vij on Wednesday told a judicial commission he had not applied his mind to whether the Adarsh building was a security risk. Vij, who paid around Rs 70 lakh for his 650 sq ft flat in Adarsh, told the commission he was told by his officers that the land belonged to the state. Vij, who retired in 2005, said he was unaware of the answer to a question submitted by the army to Parliament about the land.About Adarsh being a security threat, Vij said it was not the building but the residents who would have to be checked. \"It is not the building, but the people occupying the building who need to be scrutinized from the security angle and whether the persons occupying the building are trustworthy and dependable,\" said Vij.About his visit to his 28th floor flat in Adarsh, Vij said, \"I did not really put my mind to the security aspect. I was there just for five minutes. Security threats require a detailed appreciation of a number of factors, like population profile of the cantonment, number of civilians, vulnerable targets and surrounding area profile,\" said Vij, adding that it was the responsibility of the local military authority to certify security threats.The counsel for the defence ministry, pointing out that many senior army officers were members of Adarsh, said, \"Will it be correct to say that the local military authority never raised the question of security during your tenure as all five former general officers commanding were members of Adarsh?\" Vij replied \"No!\"Vij said that he had been informed that the Adarsh land belonged to the state. \"I was told that the Southern Command had confirmed telephonically that the land does not belong to the defence,\" he said, adding that the question in the Parliament about the status of the land was not brought to his notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608785", "title": "Nagpur University for strong action against Shivaji Sci College", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University administration led by vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal is showing reluctance in filing a police complaint against Bhandara's Shivaji Science College due to alleged pressure, its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) has recommended immediate action on all three college officials for negligence of duties that led to defrauding of 54 students.Though the DAC report remains confidential and was handed over to Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane in a closed envelope on Tuesday, sources said that the five-member DAC panel had recommended stringent action, including FIR if possible, against college principal Namdeo Meshram, senior clerk Jitendra Kirsal and exam in-charge Sanjay Raibole. The panel is chaired by senior academician Eknath Kathale while Urmila Dabir, Mohan Dixit, Bhau Dayedar and Ashok Pawde are the other members.Though Kathale couldn't be contacted, sources added that the report will be opened only when Kane returns from Aurangabad on Friday and it will be placed before NU's Board of Examinations (BoE) for further action. The DAC members, in the report, questioned as to why principal had not lodged the police complaint against clerk when the fraud was exposed. They passed severe strictures against the principal and exam in-charge for being hand-in-glove with the clerk who duped the students by pocketing their exam fees of Rs17,000. Terming the entire fraud as serious, the DAC members urged the VC and CoE to take strong measures against the college management - Shivaji Education Society of Amravati which runs nearly 100 institutions across Maharashtra.Sources added that Bhandara police, which was also under huge political pressure against taking action on the college management, had failed to arrest Meshram and Kirsal even after they booked the duo last week only after an FIR was lodged by the aggrieved students. Police sub-inspector (PSI) at Pauni PB Talekar, who earlier told TOI that he will be visiting the college for seizing documents, switched off his mobile phone, probably to avoid media queries.Kirsal had collected exam fees from BSc first, second and third year students but failed to deposit it with NU Exam Section. When these students began to inquire about their identity cards for exams, he somehow provided them fake ones with roll numbers of other students from other centres. The principal and exam in-charge shockingly allowed these students to appear in the exams despite the fact that their fake identity cards had no NU stamp or authorized signatures. The fraud came to light when the students checked their results online and were shocked to see someone else's mark-sheets on the roll number provided to them by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608978", "title": "No relief for man hit by light pole in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amit Jain will turn 33 on Friday but there is little to celebrate. Jain, who was hit by a falling 90-foot high-mast light pole in east Delhi on August 11, has received no assistance from the government though the accident was a case of gross civic negligence. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit had promised to look into the matter but Jain is still waiting. The police have not booked anyone yet in the case in which missing foundation nuts at the base of the pole - apparently stolen - made it unstable and caused it to topple.Jain's family has, meanwhile, spent over Rs 1 lakh on his treatment and is now planning to sue the government for negligence. \"When is the government planning to extend help? We will have to take legal action as this is completely a fault of the government agencies. Are Delhiites supposed to pay for street equipment falling on them? Isn't it the government's responsibility?\" said an anguished Rekha Jain, Amit's wife. The bill for Amit's hospital charges is expected to go up to Rs 4 lakh, Rekha said.Jain can sue for damages if negligence is established, said senior criminal lawyer Vikas Pahwa. \"If it is established that the negligence of the authorities resulted in the accident, he can legally seek compensation from them. A case of negligence has been, in any case, registered in the matter,\" he saidWith no source of income after Jain's accident, the family is left with few options. \"He will not be able to get out of the bed, let alone go to work for the next few months. I don't know how we will cope,\" said Rekha bitterly. \"We were supposed to get our son, Aditya, admitted in a play school on Monday, but after Amit's accident, everything has been thrown out of gear,\" she added.The sole breadwinner of the family is battling extreme pain at St Stephen's Hospital after his ribs were injured and his left arm bone fractured due to the accident. He underwent a surgery in his arm on Saturday to place a metal plate and he is likely to remain bedridden for at least four months. When TOI tried to speak to him on Wednesday, Jain could only say, \"My chest and arm hurt all the time, I miss my son.\" Jain's two-year-old son has been living with his maternal grandmother while his wife has been in hospital with him since the accident.Meanwhile, Delhi Police is yet to pin blame on any agency despite 11 days having passed since the accident. While the Public Works Department (PWD) is the land-owning agency in this case, BSES Yamuna Power Limited (BYPL) is the agency that looks after maintenance of these lights on the stretch. The agencies have been indulging in a blame game in the matter, with PWD claiming that it was the responsibility of BSES since maintenance was clearly their job. BSES, in turn, claimed that it was not responsible for maintenance of the poles but only for the functioning of the lights. Calling it a 'law and order problem', BYPL officials told TOI that they had lodged several police complaints regarding theft of light fixtures and foundation nuts from these poles.indrani.basu@timesgroup.comTimes ViewWe have said earlier that the victim must be paid compensation for the damage he has suffered and the civic authorities must be held responsible for negligence and prosecuted for it. It appears that the government has no intention of doing any such thing. We now appeal to distinguished lawyers to take up this man's case pro bono and help him sue the authorities for negligence. It would be more than just a gesture towards this individual. If such a case is fought and won, it would be one more important step towards establishing a culture we solely lack -- of suing governments for failing to do their duty or causing harm to citizens", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610071", "title": "Safety guidelines for schools ready, Tamil Nadu tells high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as the Madras high court granted conditional bail to three persons arrested in connection with the death of a Class 2 student and ordered two of them to pay 3 lakh as compensation to the girl's family, the state government informed the court on Wednesday that its draft guidelines on safety measures in schools were ready. It said the draft will be placed before the state cabinet in a couple of days.A submission to this effect was made by government pleader S Venkatesh when the matter, taken up suo motu by the court after the accident, came up before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy. Six-year-old Shruthi, a student of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Selaiyur near Tambaram, fell through a hole on the floor of her school bus and was run over on July 25.Noting that the draft would be submitted to the high court after being placed before the cabinet, Venkatesh sought more time. Acceding to the plea, the judges adjourned the matter to August 29 for further hearing.In a related development, Justice G M Akbar Ali on Wednesday granted bail to the three of the seven persons arrested after the tragedy that shook the city. While the school's correspondent N Vijayan is still in jail, his brothers N Ravi and N Paulraj, and bus driver Seeman were given bail with strict conditions. Ravi and Paulraj were each asked to deposit 1.5 lakh before the judicial magistrate at Tambaram in favour of Shruthi's family. The judge also made it clear that the compensation would not affect the family's right to move appropriate court for compensation. \"It is made clear that the amount is independent of any other claim that may be raised by the members of the bereaved family under any other law,\" he said.The two were asked to stay at Trichy and sign before the judicial magistrate court there at 10.30am daily for four weeks. While Paulraj, 58, was the school's administrative officer, Ravi, 52, was in charge of maintenance of the institute's vehicles.The others arrested in the case are Yogeshwaran, 30, a contractor hired by the school to operate buses, motor vehicle inspector P Rajasekaran,38, who granted the vehicle fitness certification 15 days before the mishap and a 17-year-old cleaner, who has been lodged in a juvenile home.The Madras high court has granted conditional bail to three persons arrested in connection with death of a Class 2 student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610179", "title": "764 Pakistanis granted citizenship in three years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports that a number of visiting Pakistani Hindu families are keen to obtain Indian citizenship, the government on Wednesday said India had granted citizenships to 764 Pakistani nationals in three years (2009-11) but the process was a \"multi-level and multi-agency\" activity.Stating that all cases received in the home minister are processed \"as expeditiously as possible\", the ministry said 1,290 applications of Pakistani nationals were received from various state government/UTs for grant of Indian citizenship by registration and naturalization during last three years.\"Indian citizenship was granted to 764 Pakistan nationals during this period,\" minister of state for home M Ramachandran told Rajya Sabha in a written reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610402", "title": "Maharashtra to seek drought aid for 123 talukas", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday officially declared drought in 123 talukas to seek financial assistance from the Centre.A delegation of senior cabinet ministers will be in New Delhi on Friday to present its case to the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on drought, headed by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar . The talukas have been notified since they have recorded either less than 50% of normal rainfall or the same amount of sowing.So far, Maharashtra received only 82% of the average rainfall. Last year, the figure was 92%. Till now, the state has maintained there has been a 'drought-like' situation in several parts of Maharashtra. \"According to the Centre's manual, assistance could only be provided to talukas, which are drought-hit and are not classified under drought-like scenario,\" said a senior minister.The decision was taken in the state cabinet since it was felt that since the work on identifying drought-prone area programme (DPAP) talukas is still on, it was conducive to declare at least those talukas drought-hit, which fit into guidelines declared under the Central Drought Manual, 2009.The new norms mean talukas with less 75% of normal rainfall or sowing will now be eligible for financial and other assistance under the DPAP. The notified talukas will continue to receive scarcity assistance such as water tankers, benefits of water schemes and cattle camps, said officials.\"The idea is to fit in as many talukas under the central guidelines and ensure maximum benefit reaches all,\" said a minister.The worst-affected districts of Jalna, Beed, Osmanabad and Aurangabad have received between 25% and 50% of average rainfall.Another 13 districts have received less than 50% and other 11 districts have recorded between 76% and 100% of average rainfall. Only five districts have received more than 100% of the average rainfall, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611084", "title": "Police arrest two accused of murder", "text": "INDORE: City police arrested two accused of the murder case within 24 hours of the incident. However, two other accused are still out of the cop's clutch. The accused were arrested from Khargone where they had escaped to hide themselves at the home of a relative.The accused arrested are Sanju alias Jerma and Arun Singh. They have named their other two accomplices as Santosh and Narendra.Taking lead from Ankit, police picked the father of an accused and noticed his cell phone from which he has talked thrice to a relative in the night. The relative was based in Khargone. They got a clue that the accused have gone to Khargone in search of safe place for hiding. Police reached there and arrested them in the wee hour of Wednesday. Hunt for remaining two accused is still on, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15609907", "title": "Awareness drive against fake currency at Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The reserve bank of India (RBI), worried over increasing cases of fake currency at the border areas of Rajasthan, has started awareness campaigns to alert the general public about counterfeit notes. Teams of RBI officers are visiting border areas and holding workshops and meetings. RBI general manager BS Khatri, who is on a visit to Jaisalmer, said that RBI is making all possible efforts to stop circulation of counterfeit notes. RBI has directed all the banks to check the notes of denominations such as Rs 1,000, Rs 500 and Rs 100 lying in the chest with the help of machines and to keep the fake currency separately.Khatri said that RBI has decided to launch awareness campaigns at Ganganagar, Hanumangarh, Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Barmer and other district headquarters and important sub-division headquarters.He said that at the awareness campaign here that bankers, policemen and general public were trained to differentiate between the fake and real currency notes through power point presentation. Along with, RBI has directed all banks to lodge FIRs if they find any fake currency notes during transactions.Under the campaign, RBI officers organised a one-day seminar for police officers at the meeting hall of SP office on putting a stop on accepting deposits of irregular bodies and exchange of non-banking financial companies. In the seminar, SP Mamta Rahul, additional SP Ganpat Lal, probationary RPS Sunil Panwar, force branch in-charge Chaina Ram and officers and employees of all police stations of the district and bank officers BK Das general manager, RBI Jaipur (A) manager RK Vasu, S Shrivastava, BS Khatri participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614777", "title": "What fuels kids\u2019 soda and junk food intake", "text": "Preschoolers from low-income neighbourhoods and kids who spend more than two hours a day in front of a TV or video-game console are more likely to consume sugary soda and juice, according to a new study .Researchers from the University of Alberta's faculties of Physical Education and Recreation, School of Public Health and Medicine and Dentistry surveyed parents to assess the dietary habits of 1,800 preschoolers in the Edmonton region as part of a larger study on diet, physical activity and obesity .Researchers found that 54.5 per cent of four- and five-year-olds from poorer neighbourhoods drank at least one soda per week\u2014far more than the 40.8 per cent of kids from higher socio-economic backgrounds.Preschoolers from low-income areas also drank less milk and consumed more fruit juice, which, like soda, is linked to rising sugar intake associated with childhood obesity.Researchers found similar drinking habits among preschoolers who spent more than two hours of \"screen time\" per day\u2014watching TV or playing video games. Kids from poorer neighbourhoods sat in front of screens more often, and drank larger volumes of sweetened beverages.\"Dietary behaviour and intake patterns are influenced heavily by what happens in the first few years with children, and they maintain those patterns throughout childhood and into adolescence,\" said study co-author John C. Spence, associate dean of research in the Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation.A companion study involving the same group of preschoolers also looked at the types of foods they ate and whether they followed recommendations in Canada's Food Guide.Researchers found that just 30 per cent of children ate enough fruits and vegetables, and 23.5 per cent consumed the recommended amount of servings of grain products.As with sweetened beverages, children from low- and medium-income neighbourhoods were more likely than kids in high-income areas to eat foods like potato chips, fries, candies and chocolate.Those results presented an \"alarming pattern,\" said Spence, who suggested it is possible families are choosing high-calorie foods because they are cheap and convenient.Children who attended daycare or kindergarten were significantly less likely to reach for junk.This indicates how education can make a difference and lead to healthier eating habits, regardless of what's happening at home, noted study co-author Kate Storey, a registered dietitian and assistant professor in the School of Public Health illustrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608111", "title": "Residents do a Munna Bhai", "text": "MANGALORE: Fed up with official apathy, residents of Yemmekere Cross Road in the city cleaned up debris and garbage dumped by the roadside. Residents had lodged several complaints with Mangalore City Corporation officials and the local corporator about irregular cleaning of garbage.Disgusted residents hired a truck and paid labourers to clean the bin and surrounding area. They spent Rs 4,000 on this exercise. \"CC workers clear the bin only once in 2-3 days or sometimes once a week. They don't clear the debris saying it's not part of their work,\" said a resident on condition of anonymity.Corporator Premanand Shetty said the matter was brought to the notice of health department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608401", "title": "Youth Congress's campaign against BJP", "text": "MYSORE: The Karnataka Pradesh Youth Congress (KPYS) has launched an online campaign to create awareness among youth highlighting the drawbacks of the BJP government.KPYS state president Rizwan Arshad said www.yuvadwani.com ,which was launched on August 16, will provide information about corruption of various BJP leaders in the past four years. Netizens can vote against corruption online, give a miss call to 080-67006531 or send SMS to 56767. Referring to the recent homestay attack in Mangalore, he claimed the youth in the state are insecure.The campaign will end on September 14. Within six days, they received 45,000 missed calls and 3,000 SMSs,% he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608340", "title": "Long power cuts loom next summer", "text": "NAGPUR: The dream of state government to make the state load shedding free by December 2012 may not be fulfilled as two power plants of Mahagenco are in a critical condition due to water shortage. One of them may close down in two weeks. Unless Beed and Buldhana districts receive good rainfall in coming days MSEDCL will not be able to avoid prolonged power cuts in the state.In fact the trouble will start from mid-October when agricultural pumps start functioning increasing the power demand. Duration of load shedding will go on increasing until rains arrive next year. Right now areas having lower than 34% distribution and collection losses (DCL) do not face load shedding. MSEDCL may be forced to enforce power cuts in these areas too.A Mahagenco official said that the water level in the feeder reservoir of 1,130 MW Parli power plant in Beed district was very low. \"Unless its catchment area receives good rainfall in coming seven to eight days we may have to shut down the plant in 15 days. At present, the water in the dam can run the plant only for a week. However, as the plant is operating at half load due to low demand, it can last for 15 days,\" he explained.The situation in 500 MW Paras plant near Akola is slightly better but still alarming. \"At present, the water in the feeder reservoir can feed the plant only till November 15. While Akola district received good rainfall, Buldhana district did not. The dam has been built on Man river that originates from Buldhana district. We are hoping that the level of this dam will go up significantly by the time the rains end,\" he said.Water level in feeder reservoirs of remaining five thermal power plants at Bhusawal, Nashik, Chandrapur, Koradi and Khaparkheda is satisfactory. The level in 2,000 MW Koyna hydro-electric dam is also okay. Parli and Paras plants have a combined generation capacity of 1,630 MW and generate between 1,200 MW and 1,400 MW on average. If MSEDCL's power availability in summer goes down by this quantum, duration of power cuts especially in high loss areas will increase significantly.In summer of 2010, the 2,340 MW Chandrapur power plant units were shut down one after another from April due to water shortage. By early May, the plant had completely stopped generation. This had led to unprecedented power shortage and the duration of power cuts went up by two to three hours.Paras power plant's situation had become critical this June too. Water for only 10 to 15 days' operation was left. However, one unit was taken offline for repairs while another developed a major snag and had to be shut down. Thus, at least on paper, the plant was not shut due to water shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610230", "title": "MP plays Serengeti card to root for lions at Kuno", "text": "NEW DELHI: Countering Gujarat's opposition to lion translocation project, the Madhya Pradesh government told the Supreme Court that a second habitat for Asiatic Lions in Kuno \u2014 cleared by National Board of Wildlife \u2014 was mandatory to avoid Tanzania's disastrous experience in Serengeti where outbreak of an epidemic almost wiped out the lion population.Madhya Pradesh met with disdain Gujarat's apprehension about safety of lions. The Shivraj Singh Chouhan government did not deny the past lapses allowing poachers to wipe out entire tiger population in Panna, but said the new model of wildlife protection had got it laurels from many quarters and its efforts being replicated by other states.\"Although the state has been criticized severely for the extinction of tiger from the Panna National Park, the state has been in the last few years able to translocate and reintroduce tiger in the Panna National Park and currently can boast of new population of 14 tigers,\" the state said through its standing counsel Vibha Dutta Makhija.\"The efforts of the state have been duly recognized by Tiger Authority of India, which assessed the performance of the state of MP as outstanding,\" she said.MP said Asiatic Lions continued to be in the Red List of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and hence, \"must be relocated and reintroduced in an area which would be suitable alternative habitat for its survival in the event of outbreak of any epidemic\".On the suitability of Kuno Palpur Sanctuary, MP said it was the historical range of Asiatic Lion, though the modern habitat was limited to Gujarat's Gir forests. To avoid any disease posing grave threat to lions concentrated in one location, there was consensus among experts and scientists for setting up of a second free-ranging population of Asiatic Lions, it said.MP said effort to establish second home for Asiatic Lions was first made in 1957 by examining the suitability of Chandraprabha Sanctuary in Uttar Pradesh, but later in 2008, the National Board of Wildlife on February 18, 2008, unanimously recommended translocation of lions from Gujarat to Kuno Palpur, which was reiterated in December, 2009.\"With the highest technical body National Board for Wildlife taking a decision and confirming it after a review, the parties/stakeholders are required to implement the same and in the event of their non-implementation, it is open for the Supreme Court to direct the same,\" it said.Gujarat had also objected translocation of lions to Kuno Palpur on the ground that the state was planning to reintroduce cheetahs there and that the cats could not co-exist.MP said, \"As far as introduction of cheetah is concerned, the said project is in its initial stage and is yet to be panned out. In view of the stay order passed by the Supreme Court on May 8, it is clear that presently the project of introduction of cheetah is not to be implemented, and thus, the said objection (of Gujarat) is infructuous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609485", "title": "'Conveyance deeds not done for 90% properties'", "text": "NASHIK: Conveyance deeds of over 90 per cent of properties in Nashik city are yet to be executed, according to the district deputy Registrar Bajirao Shinde.Nashik city has more than 12,000 residential societies and apartments, but conveyance deeds of over 11,000 properties have not been executed.The city has a large number of cooperative housing societies or apartments and most whose conveyance have not been executed till date.\"There are big societies having between 20 and 50 members in the city and even smaller ones with four to 20 members registered as cooperative societies or apartments. But general lack of awareness among the members has resulted in none having execution of conveyance,\" Shinde said. Warning the members of housing societies against the misuse of properties by builders, developers, promoters or by any other entity against hijacking the facilities - like transfer of development right (TDR), additional floor space Index (FSI) - as and when applicable over the properties, the DDR appealed to the members to execute their own rights under Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act (MOFA) and that was getting the conveyance in the name of the housing complex. TNNThe guidelines of the Act were very clear and they made the builders responsible to execute the conveyance. \"Section 10 says the builder has to get registered the apartment or the society with the DDR as soon as 60 percent of the flats are sold and at the same time section 11 says that the builder has to execute the conveyance in the name of the society,\" Shinde said underlining the section 13 which says if this was not done, the builder or the promoter was liable for imprisonment up to three years.\"There is very less or no awareness among the people about the laws and hence they should come forth to get the deeds done. Once they file papers of the deeds with the office , the deeds are disposed off within 60 days from the date of application,\" Shinde pointed out.He further pointed out that ever since the MOFA was legislated in 2010, less than 50 applications were filed for getting the conveyance deeds executed. He has appealed to property purchasers to approach his office to get the conveyance deed executed, irrespective of the date of the purchase of the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609769", "title": "Pedder Road store burgled", "text": "MUMBAI: Oraios, a fashion outlet on Pedder Road that is a 10-minute walk from the Gamdevi police station, was burgled on Wednesday morning.Its owner, designer Kaushik Shrimanker, said dresses, dressmaking materials, handmade artefacts, crystals, precious stones and equipment worth over Rs 3.5 lakh were stolen. \"Fortunately, a saree and a sherwani, priced at Rs 1.5 lakh each, were left untouched. The items have been ordered by a top industrialist. It seems the burglar(s) did not have a proper idea of the price of the clothes, or else I would have incurred huge losses. In this respect, I was lucky.\"Shrimanker closed shop around 8pm on Tuesday.Around 8am on Wednesday, he received a call from a neighbour, who saw the shutter of the store raised by three feet. \"Police beat marshals had patrolled the stretch around 3am. They did not see any suspicious movements then. The burglar(s) must have struck between 3 and 4am,\" said Shrimanker, who usually opens his store at 9.30am.Senior inspector Pradip Lonandkar of the Gamdevi police station said, \"It appears the burglar(s) committed the crime after studying the locality carefully. He or they noticed that no business establishment on the high-profile stretch had taken efforts to install CCTV cameras.\"He said the burglar(s) might have even visited the store in the last few days to take stock of its ware. \"Shrimanker said in the complaint that he never keeps big sums of money at the store, depositing earnings in his bank as soon as possible.\"Shrimanker said burglars had struck two years ago as well. \"They tried to enter my store after breaking the shutter. But they failed as they then broke the window, mistaking it for the door. The window was not big enough to let them in. And they must have run out of time to try breaking the door next.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15611222", "title": "Punjabi made compulsory subject, outsider students feel 'cheated'", "text": "PATIALA: When in Punjab, know Punjabi or you will have to learn it. For, Patiala-based Punjabi university, which has over 221 colleges and institutes affiliated to it all over the state, has made Punjabi a compulsory subject in all undergraduate professional courses.This means that students, especially those coming from outside Punjab, pursuing professional courses in the university and its affiliated colleges and institutes, will have to clear Punjabi language papers in order to get degree certificates.Though the university had taken the decision in June, orders were issued last week after the admission process was over.According to PU deputy registrar Jasbir Kaur Rana, the step has been taken in order to promote Punjabi language. The state government has already made Punjabi a compulsory subject in schools from 1st to 10th classes.However, students from other states, who have already got admitted in the university, are in a state of shock as they have never studied Punjabi and are feeling \"cheated.\"\"It's a fraud with students as, at the time of admissions, the university did not stipulate any such condition. Like me, many others have never read Punjabi,\" said Aman Verma, a student from Delhi, who is pursuing BTech from the university.Earlier, Punjabi was mandatory for BA, but now, from this session 2012-13, BSc, BCom and other undergraduate students of all professional courses will have to pass Punjabi subject in one semester as qualifying subject if they want to complete their professional degree.Some officers of university, on condition of anonymity, disclosed that senior authorities were well aware that if they announced the decision in June, it could have reduced the number of new admissions in the university.\"Since the process of admission in almost all courses is near completion now and university has enrolled students, it has announced the decision without any problem. It's now the problem of students, not of university authorities,\" said a senior university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15613984", "title": "HC issues notice to HRD ministry", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday issued notice to the Human Resource Department Ministry after Tamil Nadu government appealed against a single judge order, which had earlier upheld the AICTE's revised norms for admitting candidates into the undergraduate programmes.Contending that it was \"against law and also against the Constitution of India,\" additional chief secretary, Higher Education Department, Tamil Nadu goverment, filed a writ plea against the orders passed by Justice K Chandru on July 20, 2012.Joint Secretary to Higher Education Department, State government, appealing on the behalf of the appellant, submitted that AICTE had till 2010-11, prescribed a mere pass in the 10+2 examination as eligibility for admission into engineering and technology programmes and for 2011-12 had revised its norms and made it 45 per cent and 40 per cent of marks for open and reserved category candidates respectively.The appellant contended that AICTE did not take into consideration the representation of SC/SC (A)/ST communities and the ground realities that large number of seats earmarked for these communities remain vacant even with the mere pass criterion.She said enhancement of minimum eligibility marks will have adverse effect on SC/SC (A)/ST students in their availing the opportunity to get admission in professional degree courses.The bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumugasamy, ordered issue of notice to the HRD Ministry, returnable within two weeks.Meanwhile, the status quo would prevail, the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611140", "title": "Reply in 7 days on funds use for city's infra: HC", "text": "INDORE: The double bench of Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) on Wednesday has given a week time to six respondents, including district collector, state chief secretary, Indore Development Authority, senior superintendent of police (SSP), town and country planning and union urban development ministry to submit reply on how the funds were utilized for the city's infrastructure development and maintenance. The double bench comprising Justice Shantanu Kemkar and Justice Prakash Srivastava while hearing a writ petition asked the respondents to submit compliance report on six issues, which were directed by the court in its last hearing.The court in previous hearing had issued directions to look that waterlogging does not occur, proper plantation and their maintenance is done, garbage management and people do not face due to construction work on roads and construction waste is disposed properly. The bench was hearing 850 page writ petition filed by Kishore Kodwani nearly 10 months ago. \"It's been 10 months, none of the respondents has submitted their reply on how they utilised the public fund for the betterment of the city. If the authorities would have utilised the funds in proper manner, the face of the city would have been different,\" said Kodwani.He said the central government in 2011 had released a report on funds needed for infrastructure development of the city. According to the report, Rs 7,400 crore could have solved all problems, including water, roads, street lights, garbage disposal and drainage system. These all can be maintained with funds of Rs 266 crore. He alleged that corporation is presently spending nearly Rs 290 crore for maintenance work.\"The city had received Rs 4,000 crore for infrastructure development under the JNNURM scheme, but authorities have failed in achieving the goal,\" said Kodwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608456", "title": "'Social exclusion still a reality '", "text": "MYSORE: Growth in economy does not guarantee development of the country. It often leads to increase of inequality, unemployment and lack of accessibility, said Madras Institute of Development Studies former director V K Nataraj on Wednesday.He was speaking at a two-day seminar on 'Social exclusion in India: self governance, development politics and autonomy movements' organized by the Centre for the Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy in association with the Indian Council of Social Science Research at Educational Multimedia Research Centre in Manasagangotri. \"Inequality and unemployment may lead to psychological problems resulting in unfortunate social consequences,\" he said.Though the country has legally progressed, transferring it into social reality has become a challenge. Development politics has to bring people into the mainstream of society and make them conscious of their rights, he added.Institute for Social and Economic Change's former professor Abdul Aziz said corruption and political intervention has affected in the empowerment of minorities. People of these communities have inertia. They have to develop networking, he added.India CSSEIP's director Ramesh said more women should be given opportunity in politics to reduce the menace of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611169", "title": "Jhulelal Mahotsav to start from today in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The three-day Sindhi 'Chaliha Jhulelal Mahotsav' is scheduled to start from Thursday, which will be celebrated at prominent Sindhi temples in the city till Saturday. The Shobhayatra on Friday is scheduled to take off from Gujaini temple while the procession on Saturday will start from P Road temple.Members of the Pujya Shri Jhulelal society have planned to give a grand touch to the Mahotsav this year. Following the preparations, the members have decided to take the Jhulelal procession across the prominent areas like Pandu Nagar, Bhram Nagar, Ratanlal Nagar, Shastri Chauk to name a few.The Sindhi temples will be beautifully decorated ahead of the celebrations and associated members of Sindhi Society will stage impressive 'Jhankis' of Lord Jhulelal both in processions and in the temples. 'Akhand Paath' will also be chanted in the temples as a part of the celebrations along with rituals like 'kanya bhoja'. On Friday the celebrations will be marked with Jhulelal procession will start along with 'Bahrana Pujan'. On Saturday the ending ceremony of the 'Chaliha Jhulelal Mahotsav' will be marked with Shobhayatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai/delhi", "code": "15607767", "title": "BCCI clearing way for Arun Jaitley?", "text": "CHENNAI/DELHI: The struggle to find a suitable candidate for the president's post has forced the Indian cricket board (BCCI) to consider a change in the zonal rotational policy.It is East Zone's turn this time to name a president when current president N Srinivasan's term ends in 2014. But according to the decision taken at the board's working committee meeting on Wednesday, an amendment to the policy will give East the right to select a candidate from any zone, provided it has the backing of two of its units.This could work in favour of DDCA president Arun Jaitley , who could become the next BCCI president, provided East proposes his name. Jailtley has emerged as a strong candidate to replace Srinivasan in recent times. \"It's not always possible to find a suitable candidate from a zone. That's why we are looking to open things up,\" a BCCI source who was present in the working committee meeting in Chennai on Wednesday, said.\"This is not something new. Earlier, Raj Singh Dungarpur and Madhavrao Scindia became presidents when it was not their zone's turn. But for that, Scindia, who was originally from Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA), was inducted into Haryana Cricket Association so that he could become the president from North,\" the source explained.With the new amendment set to come in, the candidate need not be a member of the electing association. \"A Special General Meeting will be convened in Chennai in mid-September to amend the BCCI constitution and it will need three-fourths majority,\" the source added.It was decided in the meeting that the BCCI will give one-time benefit to four Indian cricketers\u2014 G R Viswanath, Mohinder Amarnath, Dilip Vengsarkar and SMH Kirmani - who missed out when the first list was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610642", "title": "Threat to blow up Beur jail", "text": "PATNA: On the day when chief minister Nitish Kumar gave a pep talk to the state's police officers, criminals thumbed their nose at the men in khaki by threatening Beur Central Jail's jailer Amarjeet Singh to blow up the high-security prison and kill him on August 24. The threat email, ironically, was sent from the official email ID of Nalanda district's Hilsa sub-jail.The mail, received at 2.15pm on Wednesday, has asked jailer Singh to stop investigation against Bindu Singh and set him free, if he wished to remain alive.Jail authorities said ever since Bindu had been shifted to the Buxar jail, his gang members were indulging in such acts. The jail officials did not lodge FIR with the police, but informed the SP (city) Jayant Kant about the mail.Kant said the police were trying to locate the internet protocol address from which the threat mail was sent. \"We are investigating to find out if the Hilsa jail ID was hacked or the password mishandled,\" he told TOI.Meanwhile, the security at Beur jail has been beefed up. Senior state prisons official BCP Singh said an alert had been sounded. \"But the functioning of prisons authorities will not be affected,\" he added.Jail superintendent Shivendra Priyadarshi also said, \"We will not succumb to the pressure tactics adopted by some inmates.\"IG (prisons) Anand Kishore said the incident could be a result of the recent steps taken by the jail administration to tighten security and prevent the use of cellphones inside the prison.On July 27, jailer Singh was attacked by three motorbike-borne criminals, who fired at him. He escaped, but an eight-year-old boy was injured.At least 1,860 prisoners, including 150 Naxalites , are currently lodged in the Beur jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612832", "title": "Bharat Shah files a case against Border director", "text": "The film financer, who presented JP Dutta's 1997 flick, has moved court against the filmmaker, alleging that his share of the profits hasn't still been paid to him despite the passage of 15 yearsHe may be gung-ho about making Border 2 and 3, but the coast is far from clear for J P Dutta, who finds himself in a legal mess vis-a-vis film financer Bharat Shah.The presenter of Dutta's 1997 film has filed a case against him in the High Court, alleging the producer-director is yet to pay Shah his share of the profits from Border .  Shah told TOI, \"I am fed up of Dutta turning a blind eye to my pleas for dues. I had no choice but to move the Court.\"He said, \"I met Dutta several times in this connection. I even called him but he just doesn't listen. Earlier, I had filed a case with the Association of Motion Pictures &amp; TV Programme Producers (AMTPP) but to no avail. I hope that I get my money at least now.\"Asked how much Dutta owes him, Shah said, \"It would be wrong for me to tell you the balance amount as the matter is subjudice. But I am really tired. And I hope that justice prevails. I wonder why so many people don't pay in the film industry.\"Dutta remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611127", "title": "Ganesha goes green, eco-friendly idols rule", "text": "INDORE: This Ganesh Chaturthi is going to be eco-friendly as there has been a significant increase in the demand of eco-friendly idols.The ten-day long Ganesh festival will start from September 19. Idol makers are already busy preparing the statues. Eco-friendly idols are mainly made of biodegradable materials that do not pollute the water, soil, or air.\"We have been making eco-friendly Ganesh idols for past 80 years now. My father was a sculptor and we have taken up this art after him\" said Arvind Keskar, owner Shri Kala Kendra in Rajwada. Keskar makes Ganesh idols out of yellow soil, jute and modelling clay. Keskar can be seen working in his workshop with his family. The concept of eco-friendly idols may be a modern-day concept, but according to Keskar \"Even in our shatras, it is mentioned that a the Ganesh idol should dissolve completely in water after the visarjan (immersion). This is the reason we make idols of soil and not using materials like plaster of Paris (PoP).\"The idols made of PoP do not dissolve in water. They float on water. Mostly the remains of the idols settle on the banks of rivers and pollute water bodies. Devotees now are aware about the environmentL threats. \"We have seen 30-40% increase in the demand of these eco-friendly idols in past two years,\" said Keskar adding, \"The idols that we make here are completely bio-degradable. The paints are poster colours and dissolve in water completely unlike the fluorescent colors used to paint PoP idols.\" There are a few families in the city who make eco-friendly Ganesh idols and are facing a greater demand from sometime, Keskar said.Nonetheless, PoP idols too are high on demand as they are faster and easier to make. \"PoP idols are easier to make. Whereas, the idols that we make here are completely made with hands and tools like brushes.\" Also these idols have a limited height starting from five inches to two feet. Despite, these limitations the Keskars work with full dedication towards their art.Keskars, who make around 1,500 idols in a season, make the eco-friendly idols at the largest scale in the city. They also have a very loyal clientele. \"It's 54 years now that we send an Ganesh idol every year to Dr Gupte who stays in Mumbai. Also Maskar family from Sanwer has been buying the idols from us for 62years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15610762", "title": "US Sikhs mull keeping guns after killings in gurdwara", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Sikh community in the United States is mulling over the option of carrying guns for their protection after the Wisconsin gurdwara shooting. The August 5 shooting in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, in which Wade Michael Page opened fire on Sikhs for no apparent reason, has rattled Sikhs.According to Fox News, although the religion teaches them to be tolerant and perform good deeds, some believe arming themselves could be the best way to protect themselves from hate crimes that have too frequently been perpetrated by attackers who mistake them for Muslims.\"I think that being able to legally obtain and carry a gun is the best thing any Sikh can do, especially after 9/11 where there have been over 800 documented cases of harassment and violence against us,\" Sim J Singh, a Florida-based law clerk who carries a concealed handgun for protection, said.The report said the Wisconson tragedy has made Sikhs consider getting a gun permit for self-defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15608634", "title": "National Institute of Fashion Technology chips in to train women in Naxal areas", "text": "S GirijashankarCHIKMAGALUR: Some chic and trendy designs created by the National Institute of Fashion Technology will be reproduced by women in Naxal-infested areas here, on bed sheets and towels they weave.Disclosing this to TOI, handloom and textiles department assistant director Veerupakshappa said the department has sought Rs 1 crore from the state government for constructing community weaving centres at Nemmaru and Hulugarubylu villages in Sringeri taluk.The new bed sheets and towels are expected to hit the markets by September under a new brand name.The handloom corporation has already trained 60 women in the villages of Gurige, Uduthalu, Nemmaru, Hulugarubylu, Hanchinakodige and Belagodukodige. They have been given looms to weave ordinary bed sheets, towels and polyester shirt materials that will be bought back by the Handloom Development Corporation.These women are now being trained by expert weavers to weave the colourful designs provided by NIFT. But there are some problems with the programme as trainers, who travel from Jamakhandi, feel the Rs 6,000 renumeration is a pittance. They say the department should pay them at least Rs 10,000. Trainers, who are already working in different villages, should be provided with vehicles to reach the villages that are in the foothills of Kudremukh, is another demand.While these issues are sorted out, the rhythmic sound of the shuttle as it moves from one end to another, fills the houses as women are happy about having found a means to fend for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609788", "title": "2 women held at airport with 6kg of cocaine", "text": "MUMBAI: The air intelligence unit intercepted and arrested two female passengers for attempting to smuggle in cocaine. The two were transiting through Mumbai airport to go to Singapore.One of them is an English and French professor in Vietnam.Unit officials said they had received an alert about a woman coming with a cocaine consignment from Africa. Hence, when the Ethiopian Airlines flight landed at around 5am, sleuths were on watch. They intercepted Adema Sirgare, trying to pass through the green channel, on suspicion. \"Her suitcase had a false bottom. Around four kg of cocaine was stuffed inside,\" an official said.\"When we were checking her, another woman tried to move towards the immigration counter,\" he added. Vietnamese national, Ly Lgocle, 54, was held too. \"Two kg cocaine was found in the false bottom of her suitcase too,\" an official told TOI. Officials said the consignment was valued at Rs 3 crore in the Indian market. The women were promised $2,000 dollars for the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15614955", "title": "Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik transferred over Azad Maidan violence", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik, who was facing flak over the August 11 Azad Maidan violence in the city, has been transferred, home minister R R Patil said here on Thursday.Patnaik has been promoted as director general and posted as managing director of Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), Patil said.Senior IPS officer Satyapal Singh has been appointed as the new commissioner of Mumbai Police, the minister said.Patnaik was under fire for the handling of the August 11 violence at Azad Maidan here during a rally organised by city-based Raza Academy and other outfits to protest incidents in Assam and Myanmar . Several policemen were injured in the melee.Another IPS officer S P Gupta has been appointed additional dg (training), Patil said.Describing the transfer as \"routine administrative process\", Patil said the file in connection with Patnaik's transfer was first moved by the state DG office on July 6. The revised file was moved on August 8, Patil said.The chief secretary had chaired a meeting on August 16 in this regard, he said.The transfer comes two days after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray, during a massive rally in Mumbai, had demanded immediate ouster of Patnaik over the violence at Azad Maidan, for allegedly failing to control the situation during a demonstration to protest alleged persecution of Muslims in Assam and Myanmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610016", "title": "Tamil Nadu minister undergoes bypass surgery", "text": "CHENNAI: State agriculture minister S Damodaran underwent a cardiac bypass surgery at a leading private hospital in the city on Wednesday. Damodaran, 59, was admitted to Apollo Hospitals' coronary intensive care unit after he complained of severe chest pain and breathlessness, sources said.Hospital sources said the minister was being treated by senior cardiologist Dr Girinath. A statement issued by the hospital said, \"The minister was admitted with acute coronary syndrome. The angiogram revealed triple vessel coronary artery disease.\"Doctors said his condition was stable. \"We successfully conducted the surgery. There is no need to worry,\" said a doctor who did not want to be named. Hospital officials said the minister was likely to be discharged after 10 days.\"Visitors are now not allowed in the hospital. We are working to ensure his speedy recovery,\" the doctor said. Damodaran is a prominent AIADMK leader in Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15609017", "title": "Marad: Indian Union Muslim League to demand CBI probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) will officially ask the government to institute a CBI enquiry into the violence in Marad in 2001 and 2003 in which 14 persons lost their lives.Sources in the party said a meeting of party leaders at the residence of party president Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal on Tuesday deputed K P A Majeed and E T Muhammad Basheer to meet chief minister Oommen Chandy and present the demand before him.\"Let there be no doubt about our stand on the issue. We have no reservation in demanding a CBI enquiry into the incident and we don't want the CPM to capitalize on the situation,\" a senior IUML leader told TOI.The CPM and the BJP had demanded a CBI probe into the larger conspiracy behind the massacre in 2003 following an observation by the high court recently that the Crime Branch had not properly investigated the conspiracy angle in the case. Both had alleged that the IUML was blocking the CBI probe as it feared many things unpleasant for the party might be revealed.The IUML has been accused on many occasions of coming in the way of a CBI probe, though time and again it has claimed that it had nothing to hide. Hindu organizations had blocked the return of the Muslim families which fled Marad after the massacre demanding a CBI probe. And the rehabilitation of these families was delayed because the IUML allegedly opposed the investigation by the central agency.According to the agreement reached between the two sides, it was decided to institute a CBI probe after consulting legal experts. But the legal opinion the government got at that time was that a CBI probe was not possible as the case had already been investigated by the Crime Branch. It was again alleged that the UDF government had manipulated the legal opinion at the behest of the IUML.The judicial commission also pointed fingers at the IUML for blocking the probe. The commission observed that there were reasons to suspect that IUML leader P K Kunhalikutty was afraid of a CBI probe. It recommended a probe jointly by the CBI, the Intelligence Bureau and the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence to find out the extremist links and source of funding behind the incident.The LDF government constituted a special team to probe these angles after the Centre repeatedly refused to order a CBI probe. The team led by Crime Branch SP C M Pradeep Kumar filed an FIR in the court arraigning IUML leader M C Mayin Haji as one of the suspects. But Pradeep Kumar was transferred to the State Human Rights Commission after the UDF came to power in 2011.The clamour for CBI probe reached its zenith after the high court's observations while awarding life sentence to 24 accused in the case who were let off by the trial court.The CPM and the BJP want CBI probe only into the incidents related to murder of nine persons in Marad in 2003. But the IUML has gone a step further and has demanded that the entire incidents in 2001 and 2003 be investigated. Five persons from both the sides were killed in the violence in 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608239", "title": "Now, CAG focuses on lax nuclear safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: In case of a nuclear accident in India at present, the maximum fine that can be imposed by the regulator on an offending nuclear plant is Rs 500.A CAG report on Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB), tabled in Parliament on Wednesday, has raised concern about the weak regulatory framework in the country that could pose potential danger like Chernobyl or the recent accident in Fukushima, Japan.Worse, the AERB, which supervises safety issues of 22 running nuclear plants across the country, has no rule-making powers nor does it have authority of enforcement and levy of penalties in the context of nuclear safety oversight.\"The maximum amount of fine (Rs 500) was too low to serve as a deterrent against such infringements,\" the CAG said after a detailed audit of the regulator which is responsible for review of safety aspects of nuclear power plants and of all radiation facilities across the country.While this sounds grim, in reality, two recent pieces of legislation are intended to resolve precisely these lacunae. The Nuclear Liability Act passed by Parliament in May 2010 makes the operator liable to pay \"no-fault\" compensation of up to Rs 1,500 crore, beyond which India can access the Convention on Supplementary Compensation (CSC) for additional liability.The second piece of legislation is the Atomic Energy Regulatory Authority, which has just been cleared by the Union Cabinet and will subsume the AERB. It is intended to establish an autonomous nuclear energy regulator, which will not function under the Department of Atomic Energy as the case is at present.The government's official auditor blamed the central government for not learning any lessons from the Fukushima disaster as failure to have an autonomous and empowered regulator is fraught with grave risks. The CAG backed its assertion quoting a recent independent investigation report on the Fukushima accident which confirmed that weak regulatory mechanism and oversight by regulators were the chief reasons behind the disaster.The performance audit of AERB was undertaken in the context of the criticality of issues relating to radiation risks and the effectiveness of the nuclear regulator in the exercise of its role. \"At the policy level, AERB has not yet prepared a radiation safety policy even after three decades of its existence. Standard setting is an essential part of the functions of a regulatory authority,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614679", "title": "Nano dreams", "text": "For the first time, engineers at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) have demonstrated that hydrogen can be released and reabsorbed from a promising storage material, overcoming a major hurdle to its use as an alternative fuel source. The result was published in the journal ACS Nano.Researchers from the Materials Energy Research Laboratory in nanoscale (MERLin) at UNSW have synthesised nanoparticles of a commonly overlooked chemical compound called sodium borohydride and encased these tiny particles inside nickel shells. Their unique 'core-shell' nanostructure has demonstrated hydrogen storage properties.\"No one has ever tried to synthesise these particles at the nanoscale because they thought it was too difficult, and couldn't be done. We can demonstrate that energy in the form of hydrogen can be stored with sodium borohydride at practical temperatures and pressures,\" says Kondo-Francois Aguey-Zinsou from the School of Chemical Engineering at UNSW.The potential of hydrogen as a possible energy source to bridge the gap between renewables and fossil fuels has long been theorised, but effective storage remains the biggest challenge for successful implementation.Lightweight compounds known as borohydrides (including lithium and sodium compounds) are known to be effective storage materials but it was believed that once the energy was released it could not be reabsorbed - a critical limitation. This perceived 'irreversibility' means there has been little focus on sodium borohydride.\"By controlling the size and architecture of these structures we can tune their properties and make them reversible - this means they can release and reabsorb hydrogen,\" says Aguey-Zinsou, lead author on the paper. \"We now have a way to tap into all these borohydride materials, which are particularly exciting for application on vehicles because of their high hydrogen storage capacity,\" he says.The researchers observed remarkable improvements in the thermodynamic and kinetic properties of their material. This means the chemical reactions needed to absorb and release hydrogen occurred faster than previously studied materials, and at significantly reduced temperatures - making possible for the application to be far more practical.In its bulk form, sodium borohydride requires temperatures above 550 degrees celsius just to release hydrogen. Even on the nano-scale the improvements are minimal. However, with their core-shell nanostructure, the researchers saw initial energy release happening at just 50\u00b0 C, and significant release at 350\u00b0 C, says Aguey-Zinsou.\"The new materials that could be generated by this exciting strategy could provide practical solutions to meet many of the energy targets set by the US Department of Energy ,\" says Aguey-Zinsou.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609643", "title": "TTD's 5cr grant to Ruia hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: The TTD has decided to financially help SVR Ruia government hospital in Tirupati by granting Rs 5 crore from its Pranadanam Trust to the hospital. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting on the recent infant deaths, chaired by CM Kiran Kumar Reddy. Subramanyam is also the chairman of the Ruia hospital development society. Sources said that a decision on vesting the Pranadanam Trust funds to Ruia has been pending for a long time with the state. Health department principal secretary Ratnakishore reportedly promised to clear the grant of funds soon.\"This will come as a big relief to the hospital, which is also getting another Rs 10 crore from the government,\" a senior health official said. The CM ordered the authorities to allocate Rs 5 crore for purchase of instruments and another Rs 5 crore for appointing staff. Twenty lab technicians and 14 nurses would be appointed soon. The budget for purchasing oxygen has been increased to Rs 53 lakh from Rs 28 lakh.\"We have asked for budgetary hike this year,\" hospital superintendent J Veeraswamy said.tnn The hospital was much in news recently after the death of 14 infants in the last 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610117", "title": "Doctor's B-town dream ends", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor from Lucknow chasing her Bollywood dreams in the city passed away at her Versova residence on Monday. The 29-year-old woman, Vibha Pande, had come to Mumbai to become an actress. On Monday, Vibha knocked on her neighbour's door, pleading with him to arrange for an oxygen mask as she was unable to breathe, but passed away before he could arrange for help.Vibha had been sharing a flat in Anukool building in Versova with another woman, who was in Pune when the incident took place. The roommate told cops that Vibha did not talk much and used to be depressed. Vibha's husband is a surgeon in Uttar Pradesh and she was not in touch with him or her father. She left her family six months back, saying she was moving to Mumbai to try her luck in films. She was depressed as she couldn't find good film offers and was suffering from a kidney problem, cops said.Vibha's neighbour told the police he found her in distress outside his door on Monday and called other neighours for help, but before they could do anything, Vibha had collapsed. They then called an ambulance. They took her in the neigbouring house and called an ambulance.A police officer said, \"Before the ambulance arrived, one of the witnesses realized that Vibha's body had turned cold and her mouth had begun to foam. They informed us about the incident.\"The postmortem report said both her kidneys were not functioning and this may have led to her death. However, cops are still not ruling out suicide as she was foaming at the mouth. Cops said they will wait for the viscera report before coming to a conclusion. An officer said, \"She was depressed as she didn't have any good film assignment and also suffering from illness. We recovered lots of medicine from her house and enquiring about it. We recorded her husband and father's statements on Wednesday and handed over the body to them for last rites.\"Vibha's relatives told cops that she was being treated for the kidney ailment problem since long and the family had decided to arrange kidney transplant operation for her next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15608683", "title": "Bank employees' 2-day strike inconveniences customers", "text": "DHARWAD: Banking activities came to a grinding halt in the region following the two-day strike call from Wednesday given by the unions of public and private sector bank employees. Two consecutive (Sunday, Monday) holidays preceded by half day on Saturday had already inconvenienced customers and closure of banks for another day only added to their woes.The ATM kiosks in the twin cities saw heavy rush on Tuesday itself and many went ran out of cash on Wednesday. On Tuesday, the counters at the bank branches were also abuzz with customers queuing up to deposit or withdraw money.The officers and employees of various PSU banks in Dharwad assembled near the main branch of State Bank of India and shouted slogans against the UPA government's policy towards banking sector. (UFBU) has called for bank strike as the talks between them and union labour commissioner has failed. UFBU is the umbrella organisation of nine major bank employees association.The stir is against the proposed Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, which is expected to be placed before Parliament. Flag bearers of UFBU said that the passage of the Bill is actually the first step towards de-nationalisation of banks.\"We called for the strike against privatization, merger of banks and Khandelwal committee's recommendation on HR policies,\" said an UFBU convenor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609398", "title": "Produce kids in court, HC to Mapusa cops", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday directed the Mapusa police to produce in court on August 24 at 4.30pm the three minor boys who were allegedly kidnapped from their mother's custody in Qatar and brought to Goa by their father.The Mapusa police have registered an offence in the kidnapping case.The Qatar-based woman had approached the high court that her three children were kidnapped by her former husband in Qatar and were brought to Goa.She moved the court through a habeas corpus petition seeking the custody of her children.She prayed that the high court direct the Mapusa police to produce her children before the court and the children be given back to her.Hearing the plea, a division bench of Justices A P Lavande and U V Bakre passed the order directing the police to produce the children before the court on Friday.The couple had been granted a divorce on January 30, this year, by a court in Qatar. That court had also given the mother the custody of the three children.On June 20, this year, the former husband allegedly abducted the three children from his former wife's residence in Qatar and flew them to Goa.After admitting the children to a primary school in Mapusa, the husband allegedly returned to Qatar, leaving the children behind.Earlier in the case, the high court, on August 2, had directed the Mapusa police to ensure that the children are not permitted to leave the state until further orders from the court.This direction was after the mother expressed her anguish that the children may be moved outside Goa to avoid and delay her from getting their custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608810", "title": "CPM men block entry to civil station", "text": "KOCHI: The functioning of Kakkanad civil station was affected on the third consecutive day on Wednesday as CPM workers picketed the district collectorate and blocked the entry of employees.The blockade was organized to protest the increasing price hike. CPM workers blocked all the five entrances of the civil station from 6am on Wednesday.Offices were closed on Monday due to Eid and the attendance was less than 35% on Tuesday as some service organizations had called off a strike on Tuesday.District collector P I Sheikh Pareeth continued his meetings in the city while the additional district magistrate (ADM) was not allowed to reach his office as agitators blocked his way. \"Though many employees reached civil station, they couldn't work as entry was restricted,\" said ADM B Ramachandran. However, there weren't any untoward incidents.'\"We had entrusted two district magistrates to ensure law and order while deploying adequate police force in the area. So, there were no violent incidents,'' said Ramachandran.CPM district secretary M V Govindan inaugurated the picketing that ended at 5pm.ochi: The functioning of the civil station at Kakkanad was affected on third consecutive day on Wednesday. With the CPM workers picketing the district collectorate, employees as well as the public couldn't enter the premises of the civil station. Offices in the civil station remained close on Monday due to a public holyday, while the attendance was less than 35 per cent on Tuesday when some service organisations called a strike.CPM workers blocked all the five entrances of the civil station right from 6 am on Wednesday. While District Collector P I Sheikh Pareeth was busy with meetings in the city, the additional district magistrate (ADM) reached Kakkanad at 8 am, but he couldn't enter the office premises as the agitators raised protest. ''Though many employees reached the civil station premises, they couldn't join duty due to the blockade,'' said B Ramachandran, ADM.However, there weren't any untoward incidents in the strike. '\"We had entrusted two district magistrates with the duty of ensuring law and order and deployed adequate police force in the area . So, there wasn't any violence towards employees or the public,'' Ramachandran said.CPM district secretary M V Govindan inaugurated the picketing which started at 6 am and ended at 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608346", "title": "New DU election rules impractical, cry unions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's election commission has reduced the size of a contestant's retinue to a stub - only four members are allowed in the entourage. Also, they have to be \"bonafide students\" of colleges as their identity cards will be checked when they enter college premises. The new rules formulated for the 2012 Delhi University Students' Union elections have predictably led to some disquiet among the unions. Both National Students' Union of India and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad see the move as an attempt to \"weaken the students' movement.\"The new rules, say officials, will ensure peace and maintain strict discipline during campaigns and elections. \"We have fixed the timing of canvassing from 8am to 8pm as most of the ladai-jhagda happens at night,\" says election commissioner Prof C S Dubey. The cap on the number of supporters accompanying a contestant will reduce chances of those who are not students getting involved. A small army of officials is the commission's eyes and ears. \"Most of them have mobile phones and have taken videos or photographs for us. We have also asked colleges to install CCTVs at the entrances and exits,\" says Dubey. Apparently, a list of about 10 names has already reached the proctor's office and the SHO for violating rules - especially one which restricts the campaign expenditure to Rs 5,000. Should any of them file nomination papers, they may find themselves disqualified.The unions, of course, are finding the new additions - even the decision to make the elections paper-free by encouraging online campaigning - \"impractical.\" \"There are 51 colleges in DU. It takes us at least half an hour to move from one college to another. Having just four people is not practical. We are not okay with the rules but we'll follow them,\" says Amrish Pandey, spokesperson, NSUI. \"The fixing of time is also unfair as students are available at the hostels only at night. If a fight has to break out, it can happen during the day too. The authorities should have given us time at least till 10pm,\" says Rohit Chahal of ABVP.Chahal even trashed the paper-free plan. \"We can't talk to every student. How will we get our points across? And there are colleges in Bawana and Najafgarh whose students may not have access to the internet,\" says Chahal.In lieu of pamphlets, candidates can put up their profiles online or contact voters through social networking sites. A format has been created for this which includes sections that are bound to create awkwardness in student-circles - marks and \"vision for university\", a sort of statement of purpose. Dubey thinks an aspiring student leader should be able to bang out at least 150 words on the varsity but wonders how many will actually share the information. \"We haven't made it compulsory to fill these sections,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611258", "title": "Heavy cloud cover brings respite in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: After a long gap, city received rain on Wednesday. The drizzling and heavy cloud cover brought respite from hot and sultry conditions which were prevailing in the region for the past few days. Most of the neighbouring urban and rural pockets had good amount of rainfall.While MET office recorded 8.2 mm rainfall, the maximum and minimum temperature also declined to 29.3 degree C and 25.1 degree C respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609427", "title": "HC breather for Tamalika", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday gave a breather to Haldia municipality chairperson Tamalika Panda Seth staying the police probe against her for illegally leasing out a 9.68 acre Haldia Development Authority (HDA) waterbody to a private developer.On July 23, the Bhawnipore police station at Haldia registered an FIR against Tamalika for cheating and forgery claiming she had given this 30 years' lease in 2010 illegally. Tamalika had moved the court seeking to quash the FIR and also separately pleaded for anticipatory bail, fearing arrest.Justice Dipankar Dutta stayed proceedings against Tamalika till the disposal of the writ petition filed by Seth seeking squashing of the FIR. The court also directed the HDA and the state government, which had opposed the petition, a 10-week time to file their affidavits after which the hearing will resume.Tamalika's counsel and former mayor Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya and Uday Shankar Chatterjee told the court that the FIR doesn't indicate any illegal or criminal act. \"The land in question was already leased out to the Haldia municipality by the HDA way back in 2000. All tender process was followed. There is neither any criminal act nor any cause for personal gain which has been alleged in the FIR. This is a politically motivated case, for days before the FIR was lodged she was re-elected as the Haldia municipality chairperson,\" Bhattacharya said. Haldia Development Authority (HDA)'s present chairperson is Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari. Tamalika welcomed the order but refused to comment. Joydeep Kar, representing HAD, and the state prosecutor Sushobhan Sen tried to convince the court that the land lease by HDA to the Haldia municipality had expired on August 9, 2004 and therefore the land was in HDA's possession. \"This was fraudulently and unlawfully handed over to one Shiraj Fisheries for beautification and pisciculture. Subsequently, the company carried out unlawful construction there,\" they said. The state counsel also argued that the police probe is still at an initial stage and if no evidence were found to buttress the complaint made, then as per law, the charges will be dropped. The court then ordered a stay.Tamalika's petition contended that the HDA had handed over a waterbody to the Haldia Notified Area in 1994 for a period of ten years for the purpose of beautification and pisciculture. In 2000, the Haldia Notified Area was converted into Haldia Municipality and the municipality approached the HDA to lease out the water body for a period of 99 years and it was accepted by the HDA, the petition said. The Haldia Municipality floated a tender in 2010 for the beautification of the waterbody and it was handed over to a private party and it was legal, the petition stated further. On the other hand, the FIR alleged that the waterbody was handed over till 2004 and no lease deed was done between the HDA and Haldia Municipality. The HDA is the owner of the land till today, the FIR stated.Tamalika's petition also argues the rationale behind filing the FIR against an individual when the dispute was between two government bodies - the HDA and Haldia Municipality. It also asks why shouldn't a dispute on waterbody be treated as a civil case instead of criminal case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609191", "title": "20% of banned hate sites put up by Hindu groups", "text": "NEW DELHI: The clamour over Pakistan fanning communal passions in India through social networking sites has missed a crucial detail. Around 20% of the web pages \u2014 blocked by government agencies \u2014 were uploaded by right-wing Hindu fundamentalists seeking to polarize the country on communal lines.In these posts doctored images or videos showing alleged atrocities against tribal Bodos by Muslims have been tagged with provocative captions and point to extremist Hindu groups trying to fish in troubled waters to target minorities and fan tensions.Sources in agencies involved in scanning internet and blocking inflammatory web pages say several posts had pictures or videos of Tibetans self-immolations in protest against Chinese occupation. These posts were, however, captioned as atrocities against \"Assamese Hindus\" by \"illegal\" migrant Muslims.\"Several images had been cropped in a way to obliterate the background that could have revealed the actual context of the pictures,\" said an official.Agencies have also found clues indicating a large number of SMSs that spread panic among the northeast Indians living across the country were also generated by fringe Hindu groups. The panic led to a mass exodus of people from the north-east from several cities, including Pune, Bangalore and Chennai.\"Everyone is trying to ride the Assam conflict bandwagon for their own parochial and political gains. Right-wing Hindu groups have played a major role in spreading panic among the north-easterners,\" said the official. Their portrayal of all Bodos as Hindus is also inaccurate as some are Christians.Sources said days before the exodus from Bangalore began, rabid SMSs about killing of four persons from the north-east and a fatwa being issued against people from the region started doing the rounds. These messages are suspected to have been spread by right-wing groups too.A recent input from Bangalore about three women planning to bomb a train turned out to be a red herring. Later, the input was traced to an activist of Bajrang Dal.Videos allegedly showing unfurling of a Pakistani flag on August 15 in Hyderabad were uploaded questioning the integrity and patriotism of Muslims in the Indian city. The video was found to be that of Pakistan's Hyderabad.Another right-wing group, inspired by Dara Singh, the killer of Australian missionary Graham Steins, called the Assam conflict a handiwork of Christian missionaries who have allegedly armed Bodos.\"Several right-wing groups are trying to increase their influence in the north-east. Some mainstream groups too have been trying to woo tribals across the nation and so have openly pledged support to Bodo struggle. They see the present conflict as the best situation to make inroads in the north-east. The attempt is also at polarizing the entire nation as Indians versus immigrant Muslims to gain political ground,\" said the official.Several Hindu groups have also come forward to help fleeing north-easterners. RSS and certain other Hindu outfits arranged for food and other services for north-easterners fleeing Bangalore. They even exhorted them to not to flee as the group would protect them.The ABVP even set up 24-hour helplines in 20 cities across India for students from the north-east. Bajrang Dal too called bandhs in riot-affected districts in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610123", "title": "5 cases of swine flu reported from Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The microbiology department of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences has confirmed five cases of H1N1 infection in the city on Wednesday. Three of the five patients are working in SGPGIMS while the other two live in the vicinity of the apex medical institute. The patients have been put on antibiotics and their family members have been informed about precautions.Head microbiology department, Prof TN Dhole while talking to TOI said, \"Two patients are lab technicians in our institute while the third one is an employee. The other two patients are natives of Telibagh area.\" It may be noted that last year too, scores of persons living in and around SGPGIMS and around it tested positive to the H1N1 infection. When asked to reason the trend, Prof Dhole said, \"May be because people in this area are more aware than others.\" He advised people not to take flu and fever lightly. \"If flu-like symptoms with throat infection persists for more than three days, patients must consult their physician,\" he stated.The cases came to the fore after an elderly reported died of swine flu at a private hospital in Chowk area on Tuesday evening. Talking to reporters, Dr RK Mishra, director of the private hospital, told reporters that one Dr SB Singh, aged about 65 years, was admitted to hospital suffering from high fever and cough for last one week. The hospital had sent his swab sample to private pathology lab last week which confirmed H1N1 infection. The hospital initiated treatment for the same but on he could not be saved.While the hospital showed relevant papers to prove that the man died of H1N1, swab samples of the patient tested negative during the confirmatory test conducted by SGPGIMS. Taking a note of the SGPGIMS report, chief medical officer, Dr SNS Yadav has issued show-cause notices to the private hospital and the laboratory which confirmed swine flu in the patient. \"We have told the hospital to furnish patient history to us and the private pathology has been asked to submit an elaborate report on how they concluded that the patient tested positive to H1N1 infection,\" Dr Yadav told TOI.TOI asked Dr Dhole to explain the reason behind the difference in his report. In response he said, \"It may be possible that the sample was not taken correctly. Then, the difference in bench marks followed by us and the private lab for confirming the infection may also lead to contradictory findings.\"The CMO, however, had no idea of new cases that were reported at SGPGIMS on Wednesday. \"I will look into the matter,\" he told reporters on being contacted. However, he assured that the health office was prepared to attend and treat patients. \"We have all the relevant medicines in stock. Besides this, instructions have been issued to the hospitals to prepare quarantine wards and reserve beds for the patients suspected of the infection,\" claimed the CMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609975", "title": "Water seeps into airport; trains halted", "text": "JAIPUR: A two-and-a-half hour spell damaged 20 metres of the perimeter wall of Sanganer airport on Wednesday. The damaged wall at the extreme end of runway opens to a residential colony. \"The moment it came to my knowledge, I rushed to the spot and deployed security guards in shifts till the repair is done,\" said Paul Manickam, airport director. A thorough check on boundary walk surrounding Terminal-1 has been carried out, he added.The incessant rain has also exposed the weak drainage system of the three-year-old swanky terminal building, constructed at a cost of 200 crore. The knee-deep water at Terminal-2 and seepage inside the arrival lounge gave a tough time to airport authorities. They, however, took a sigh of relief after water was drained out in the morning.In fact, seepage of water from broken ceilings exposed the poor upkeep of new building. Though the flight movement was not affected, the power disruption twice and water-logging gave passengers a hard time. \"The rain of this gravity is bound to create an unexpected situation. However, the airports authority is equipped to handle such situations,\" said Manickam.The situation was no different at the railway station. The rise of water level on tracks had activated the 'track circulating system' followed by complete closure of Gandhinagar and Jaipur station. \"The rail movement was completely affected between 1.30 am and 2.30 pm. It left 11 trains stranded at signals around Jaipur for three hours. The movement resumed after a thorough check was done on tracks,\" said Lalit Bohra, spokesperson, North Western Railway. Jaipur-bound trains from Ajmer also arrived late by 30 minutes to one hour.The Sindhi Camp bus station witnessed a huge jam in the wee hours. Waterlogging at Sindhi Camp circle along with an under-construction metro work and private bus station caused lot of inconvenience to passengers in the morning. Passengers had a harrowing time wading through knee-deep water holding luggage in hand. The shops outside were in water upto 3 feets. \"The buses on Jaipur-Agra road were affected for a couple of hours,\" said RS Bhati, spokesperson, Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation ( RSRTC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609979", "title": "Rain wreaks havoc, 14 killed in state", "text": "JAIPUR: When it rains, it pours. The incessant rain of Tuesday night left little doubts about the idiom. Life was thrown completely out of gear in the state capital and other districts due to heavy rain which started on Tuesday night. The deluge claimed 14 lives in the state - eight in the state capital, two each in Jaipur rural, Dholpur and Dausa districts.It started at around 10.30 pm on Tuesday and by 8.30 am next day, Jaipur received 170 mm rainfall, considered to be the highest in the past 30 years. According to Met department, last time it rained as heavy in July 1981, which had left the city flooded.Schools in Jaipur remained closed on Wednesday following the directives of district administration. Rail and road transport were badly affected. While eight trains were delayed, several buses were cancelled, especially the ones going to Agra as the highway had to be shut after flooding. Water had gushed into the terminal of Jaipur airport, where a power failure was also reported in the night.Officials in several districts were put on an alert with the Met department predicting more rain. Several areas in Ajmer, Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Dausa and others received heavy rain.In Ajmer, a part of a building in Langerkhana Gali of dargah region collapsed in the morning when rain started. The authorities soon swung into action and three adjoining buildings in dilapidated conditions were pulled down to save lives in the area.Meanwhile, on a brighter note, most water bodies in the state got recharged.Several low-lying areas in Jaipur including Bhatta Basti, Prem Nagar, Brahmpuri, Ghat ki Guni and others remained heavily waterlogged till Wednesday evening. Several houses were flooded while there were reports of wall collapses and vehicles swept away. Power supply was badly hit in most areas in the city. Several shops in Walled City and houses in residential colonies were flooded. With the administration failing to provide prompt services, angered residents blamed local bodies for their misery.Concerned about the incessant rain, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had called up chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Amid attack from the Opposition for poor disaster management, the chief minister also held a meeting with the concerned officials and directed that relief operations be initiated immediately. He also directed the district administration to provide the kin of the victims a compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh each. The first installment of Rs 20,000 was handed over to the kin on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15609057", "title": "Permission for remand prisoner to write exam", "text": "KANNUR: The Thaliparamba judicial first class magistrate court has granted permission to a remand prisoner, who is a final year LLB student at the Palayad centre of Kannur University, to appear for the examination.According to jail officials, Robert George, who is a DYFI leader and the Sreekandapuram DYFI block president, was arrested on August 16, and was remanded in judicial custody, in connection with the case of destroying public property in a protest march after the arrest of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan on August 1.After hearing his plea, the judicial first class magistrate, S Sreeraj, permitted him to appear for the examination with police escort. However, he has not been granted bail in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608183", "title": "Delhi's Shivaji Stadium parking to open soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The underground parking facility at Shivaji Stadium is due for inauguration soon even though authorities have not specified a date. Once ready it will have space for 750 cars at a time and is expected to reduce parking woes in the area.The two-storey parking lot has been constructed at a cost of Rs 160 crore. The Shivaji Stadium was to be used during Commonwealth Games as practice venue for hockey, however, the New Delhi Municipal Council failed to finish it on time.With an ongoing CBI inquiry, NDMC officials aren't in a position to tell when it will be inaugurated. Even the parking rates haven't been finalized but officials hint it is going to be higher than usual rate of Rs 10 per hour.As per NDMC officials, the monitoring committee and Delhi Government have set up a task force which will finalize the parking rates in the city and the public can expect a double or triple rise in charges.\"The construction of the parking lot is almost over with some minor finishing touches left. NDMC cannot fix the parking rates as Delhi Government will do so. The proposal for fixing the parking rates is making rounds and NDMC will have to send the feedback to government,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609407", "title": "Organ donation gets a boost, 60 pledge support", "text": "KOLKATA: Kangkan Aich died on March 27, 2009, as doctors at SSKM Hospital desperately looked for an organ donor to give the Bijoygarh resident a fresh lease of life through a liver transplant. A brain dead patient at the same hospital was the prospective donor. But the patient's family backed out at the last moment, sounding the death knell for the 59-year-old Aich.Former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , who was awaiting liver transplant at a Chennai hospital, died last week before the organ could be arranged. In his case too, the family of the probable donor, a brain dead patient, retracted at the final moment. By the time doctors could convince them, it was too late.Fifty-nine-year-old Kangkan Aich was in desperate need of a liver transplant. She died in 2009 because the family of her organ donor, a brain dead patient, retracted at the last moment. Union minister Vilasrao Deskmukh met the same fate. Like Aich and Deshmukh, many patients whose lives could have been saved die for want of organ donors.In a small step to give such people a higher chance to live, around 60 people pledged to donate their organs in the event of brain death on August 15. The initiative, titled 'Freedom after death', was organized by the Liver Foundation, West Bengal (LFWB).\"Liver transplant was the only option left for my wife. Our hope shattered when the family of the brain dead patient backed out at the eleventh hour,\" recalled Kangkan's husband Shyamaprasad Aich, 67. The retired central government employee was among those who pledged their organs on August 15.This initiative is significant because donors usually pledge their bodies or organs in the event of clinical death - that is when the heart stops beating. But this new tribe of donors is ready to part with their organs after brain death, that is while their heart might still be beating, but the brain stem has irreversibly ceased.Not only elderly people, youngsters like Devdeep Mukhopadhyay, 26, of Behala were also seen pledging their organs at the initiative. Mukhopadhyay, a postgraduate in biotechnology, said he has also convinced his family not to back out if he ever faces a situation like brain death.\"I am sure there are many youths who will readily pledge their organs in the event of brain death. There needs to be more institutional movement like this so that more youths are involved,\" said Mukhopadhyay.On an average, LFWB gets appeals from at least two patients or their families every day, seeking help in finding a donor for live transplant.\"On any given day, there are about five to six cases of liver diseases that would need liver transplant.Cadaver transplant is more viable as it costs much less. But due to lack of awareness, there have only been a few cases of liver transplant in the event of brain death,\" said Dr Abhijit Chowdhury, the brain behind the School of Digestive and Liver Diseases at SSKM Hospital. It is the only government unit in the state where liver transplant facilities are available.Even though organisations like LFWB are generating awareness on the concept of brain death and mobilising donors, execution will remain a problem if a proper system is not in place. To start with, there is no procedure to register the names of patients in need of organs or the prospective donors.\"Organisations like ours can spread awareness and motivate donors. But there has to be a proper execution system by a strong regulatory body of the government so that initiatives like ours don't go waste,\" said Parthasarathi Mukherjee, project director, LFWB.Experts also pointed out that some doctors, especially in private hospitals, avoid declaring a patient as 'brain dead'. They prefer to keep the patient under life support so that the hospital can go on making money, instead of explaining to the family that the brain stem death is irreversible.\"While in some European countries, brain death cases become automatic donors, in our country there has been no serious government effort on this issue. It is the onus of the patient's family and the doctors to search for the donor. A change in government attitude can make a lot of difference,\" said Dr Chandan Sen, who retired from the West Bengal health department in 2009. He was also one of those who expressed the willingness to donate his organs.In the event of brain death, the organs have to be extracted for harvesting within four hours. The speedier the declaration of brain death, the more effective will be the process of extraction, harvesting and transplantation. In death, a person can give a new life to at least eight persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611146", "title": "Ujjain police bust gang of car thieves", "text": "INDORE: Ujjain police busted an inter-state gang active in lifting vehicles and recovered at least nine luxury vehicles from their possession.The police recovered 9 luxury vehicles and 9 motor bikes, said Upendra Jain, IGP, Ujjain while talking to TOI. During a routine check, police arrested two suspicious persons Pawan Rao and Sameer Khan with two vehicles. During interrogation, police found that the gang was operating in four states including Maharashta, Gujarat, UP and MP. They were getting documents prepared from different RTOs of the state. They were using fake sale letters to get the document prepared. Quoting the accused, the IGP told that the kingpin is Gaffar from Thane. His accomplices are Hafeez Khan and Adil from Indore. tnnAccording to IGP, the gang's member succeeded in fooling various RTO officials with their smartness and also managed to register these stolen vehicles as new ones.Jain further told that these vehicles are being used at important places like government offices and other such places of the state. Police have managed to trace 18 vehicles from the gang's possession so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608337", "title": "Bank strike hits transactions worth Rs 100cr", "text": "NAGPUR: The first day of the two-day strike called by employees of nationalized banks hit transactions worth over Rs 100 crore on Wednesday. The top officials had, however, not participated in the strike and they claimed that the strike was only 40% successful. The strike has been called by United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) to which all nationalized bank unions are affiliated.Punjab National Bank (PNB) is the cheque clearing agency for 62 banks in the city including 28 nationalized banks. However, as employees of PNB were on strike, the top bank officials had asked HDFC bank to do the job. On an average, PNB clears cheques worth total Rs 250 crore daily. However, on Wednesday cheques worth around Rs 150 crore were cleared.Most nationalized banks wore a deserted look with a few top officials and some officers present. In the morning hours, citizens had gone to banks but turned back on seeing empty offices. Later, as the news spread that banks were practically non-functional very few customers visited.There are around 12,000 employees of nationalized banks working in 200 branches in city. The striking employees gathered outside their branches around 10.30 am and raised slogans against the government. Then they took out a protest march to the main branch of State Bank of India (SBI) on Kingsway. At about 11.30 am, around 10,000 employees gathered there and held a protest meeting. The union leaders spelt out the demands: stopping outsourcing in bank, rejection of Khandelwal committee recommendations, starting of recruitment on compassionate grounds and no amendment of Banking Act.A press release issued by UFBU claimed strike was a complete success. The strike was supported by several associations including AIBEA, AIBOC, NCBE, AIBOA, BEFI, INBEF, INBOC, NOBW and NOBO.S Sudhakar Reddy, general secretary of Communist Party of India (CPI), addressed the gathering of bank staff. He slammed the government for privatizing public sector banks (PSBs), reducing government equity in PSBs, availing World Bank loans to capitalize them, merger of banks including associates of SBI and deletion of Section 12(2) of Banking Regulation Act. He also demanded that industrial houses should not be allowed into banking sector. Another press release issued by Eastern Maharashtra Bank Employees' Association (EMBEA) stated that president Ramkeval Gupta, general secretary BNJ Sharma, Jaywant Gurway, Satyashil Rewatkar and Milind Wasnik also addressed the protestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614436", "title": "MJ's nephew appointed co-guardian for his 3 kids", "text": "Michael Jackson's nephew TJ was appointed by a judge to share guardianship responsibilities of the singer's three children on Wednesday.Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff named TJ Jackson as the children's co-guardian who will now share responsibilities for raising the siblings, who range in ages from 10 to 15.The judge made the ruling after considering a letter submitted by singer Diana Ross , who was named in Michael Jackson's will as a potential guardian, and a letter presented by cousins of the singer who sought a delay in the appointment.Debra Jackson and her son Anthony urged Beckloff to delay his ruling, saying they were concerned that family matriarch Katherine Jackson was being coerced, Fox News reported.The pair said they had been ostracized from the family and that the children may not be as excited about TJ Jackson's appointment as has been presented to the judge.However, Beckloff noted that all three children had said they consent to the co-guardianship, and that an independent investigation he ordered showed they \"have a very strong, loving relationship with TJ Jackson.\"He urged TJ to consider allowing the cousins to visit the family, but said there was no reason to delay.The appointment means Katherine and TJ will share responsibilities for raising the children. If one of them is no longer able to serve, the other would become the children's sole guardian.TJ is a cousin of the children and has remained close to them in the years since the singer's death.Wednesday's hearing had been expected to be a legal formality and although Beckloff made time to hear the cousins' grievances, the judge didn't waver in his view that the co-guardianship arrangement was appropriate.The mother of the two eldest children, Deborah Rowe, has indicated she is comfortable with the arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15608066", "title": "Thane eves win, Mumbai lose", "text": "LATUR: The second day of the Maharashtra State Senior Inter-District Badminton Championship completely belonged to Thane. Their women's team won the title for the fifth year in succession while their men's counterparts stormed into the final for the tenth year in a row.The capacity crowd at the Divisional Sports Complex at Latur got their money's worth by watching the spectacular display from the Thane teams here on Wednesday. It was a forgettable day for the Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Association (MSDBA) as both their teams - despite giving their best -- crashed out, courtesy an inspired display by the Thane squad.Thane eves overcame the stiff challenge of MSDBA to register a 2-0 win in the final. Jui Agaskar rallied superbly to edge out Sonal More in a three-game thriller. The Thane team lost the first game but fought back 15-21, 21-13, 21-18.The second doubles match also started in similar fashion.RESULTSWomen's final: Thane bt MSDBA 2-0 (Jui Agaskar bt Sonal More 15-21, 21-13, 21-18; Vallari Bukane-Sai Pitre bt Sonal More-Riya Pillai 16-21, 21-12, 21-14). Men's semifinals: Thane bt MSDBA 3-2 (Jishnu Sanyal bt Arijit Bose 21-19, 21-16; Subankar Dey bt Amit Khadgi 21-19, 21-13; Jishnu Sanyal-Abhishek Kulkarni lost to Prasad Shetty-Abhidnya Sawant 15-21, 17-21; Prashant Bahatre lost to Shlok Ramchandran 18-21, 4-21; Bishal Das-Subankar Dey bt Shlok Ramchandran-Amit Khadgi 19-21, 21-19, 21-18).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611256", "title": "Narmada level at Bharuch to touch warning mark by today evening", "text": "SURAT: Following widespread rains in catchments of Narmada and Tapi river, large amount of water has again started flowing in these rivers.SK Mishra, official of Central Water commission(CWC), said, \"Levels of Narmada near Bharuch may touch the warning mark of 22 feet by Thursday evening as 4.5 lakh cusecs of water is released from Indrasagar. The Sardar Sarovar dam will overflow by Thursday morning as 4.5 lakh cusecs of water will reach there.\"At 3 pm on Wednesday, the levels of Narmada at Bharuch were recorded at 3.7 metres. Similarly, levels at Ukai dam reservoir at 4 pm on Wednesday were recorded at 334.89 feet against the rule level of 334.35 feet for the day. With an inflow of 73,666 cusecs, authorities decided to start all the four hydro power stations generating 300 MW of electricity by flowing nearly 25,000 cusecs of water.\"By 2 pm, we started releasing 44,727 cusecs of water and will continue to do so till the inflow continues,\" said PS Dave, officer at Ukai dam.\"Following good amount of rains, authorities started releasing nearly 1 lakh cusecs of water from 9 pm of August 20 and continued till 9 am of August 21, 2012. That water has reached us and so we have also started releasing water to maintain our rule levels,\" said Dave.It is expected that release of nearly 50,000 cusecs of water from Ukai will continue till the morning hours of August, 24, 2012. However, if there are more rains in upper catchments, the release might continue further.Ukai dam authorities have opened up six of its radial gates by 2 feet to release this water.Meanwhile, levels recorded at Hathnoor dam at 4 pm on Wednesday read 211.240 metres. Chikhal Dhara recorded 20.8mm of rains on Wednesday morning, Burhanpur 14.4mm, Yarli 15.6mm, Savkheda 12.6mm and Sarankheda 10mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15613558", "title": "Bookmyshow gets Rs 100 crore from Facebook investor", "text": "MUMBAI: Facebook investor Accel Partners has become the largest shareholder in Bigtree Entertainment, which owns online ticketing company Bookmyshow, after investing Rs 100 crore, or $18 million. Accel has heavily backed India's e-commerce start-ups buying large stakes in Flipkart and Myntra. Bookmyshow will use the funds to expand in to the tier-II and III markets and further grow its non-movie ticketing business which currently contributes 40% to its revenue. This investment is being made jointly by Accel's US and India funds.Prashanth Prakash, partner at Accel, said: \"Bookmyshow was no longer offering only movie ticketing solutions but it has grown in to a much larger business. With this investment we reinforce our commitment in the Indian consumer-led internet sector,\" he said.Bookmyshow clocked overall transactions of 2 million last month and is generating about 10% of these over the mobile, a platform which will also be pushed going ahead. \"We have covered the metros and top ten cities, now the challenge is to enter smaller towns which give us huge headroom for growth. The non-movie business including tickets for sporting events, concerts will be a help us accelerate our growth,\" said Bigtree Entertainment founder and chief executive Ashish Hemrajani.E-commerce is estimated to report a five-fold jump in the next four years as India's internet users could touch about 380 million. Last year, global investors pumped $1 billion into India's consumer internet businesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609646", "title": "RPI demands stern action against Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray's Tuesday speech at Azad Maidan has sparked off a sharp response across the city's political spectrum.Republican Party of India (RPI) activists on Wednesday condemned Thackeray for his criticism of party chief Ramdas Athavle on the Indu mill land issue. The RPI demanded stern action against Thackeray under the draconian Anti-Atrocities Act for insulting Dr Ambedkar. Thackeray's effigy was burned by RPI workers at Parel and Kherwadi.The RPI has for nearly a year been spearheading a stir for the land in Dadar to construct a memorial in honour of Dr Ambedkar. The state government has taken up the matter with the Centre as the land belongs to the Union ministry for textiles.Thackeray had slammed Athavle on Tuesday for keeping silent when miscreants desecrated Lord Buddha's statue in Buddha Park, Lucknow, recently. \"Athavle is only interested in the Indu mill land,'' he said.Athavle replied, \"Thackeray has every right to air his views. However, he should have exercised restraint before speaking on the Dr Ambedkar issue. I and my party strongly condemn his statement.''RPI activists on Wednesday held demonstrations near the Bandra office of the collector, suburban Mumbai, demanding action against Thackeray.Bharatiya Republican Party leader Prakash Ambedkar said Raj was playing \"pedestrian politics''. Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre accused him of creating 'unrest' in the state with irresponsible utterances.The Shiv Sena mouthpiece Saamna on Wednesday carried a page 1 report on Raj's rally, yet another indication that Matoshree is keen on cosying up to Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609771", "title": "Attrition shrinks cops' ranks", "text": "BANGALORE: Ranks of the guardians of law are shrinking, thanks to high rate of attrition.Karnataka police have 94,000 personnel, 80,000 of which is constabulary. The sheer numbers make constables and head constables the lynchpins of policing in the state. Though there are 10,000 vacancies in state police, there is a sense of scepticism among youngsters in taking up a police job because of bad facilities and poor working conditions.A senior officer who didn't want to be named told TOI that Bangalore's growth and increase in job opportunities attracts youngsters to jobs in the private sector. \"Earlier, there was pride associated with being a police constable but it's slowly diminishing,\" he said.Most candidates who opt for police jobs are well educated. A good number of graduates and postgraduates works as constables. But recently, many have been leaving after serving their two years of minimum service. They appear for Karnataka Public Service Commission examinations for the posts of second division or first division assistant.According to another officer, most people joining the force have romantic notions about the job but often get disappointed with ground realities. \"It is during the first two years that this realization dawns on them. Many are not ready to cope with the exhausting work schedule and lack of personal life,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610621", "title": "Bank strike cripples operations in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The two-day country-wide strike of bank employees began on Wednesday, bringing banking operations in the city to a standstill and causing serious inconvenience to people.Clerical and officer-level staff of public sector banks and some private banks, including a few foreign banks, have struck work in protest against the government's alleged anti-employee policies as enunciated in the proposed bill that seeks to encourage private investment in Indian banks, merger of banks and restrict staff expansion.The strike, which came close on the heels of a three-day holiday spell between August 18 and 20 August, has irked customers. Vikas Devi, a student, said he could not get a demand draft which he needed to attach to his application for a post-graduate programme he is aspiring to pursue. \"This is ridiculous. I will have to wait for yet another day and when they are back at work they will find some excuse to delay the issue of my draft further,\" he said.\"This amounts to a no-banking situation for six out of nine days if you consider the time frame from August 15 to August 23,\" said businessman Anand Suryavanshi, who said that alternative channels such as ATMs, NEFTs or RTGS are not very effective in types of payments and bank transactions.Leaders of unions argued that though the customers do face inconvenience during such agitations, they will be among those to benefit from the outcome.\"The entire approach is about encouraging private control of government banks. We all know how high the private banks are charging for any services and their attitude towards the customers,\" said Sunil Deshpande, secretary of the National Organisation of Bank Officers. He said the public sector banks are reeling under severe shortage of staff and there is work overload causing inconvenience to customers in terms of delay.The proposed amendments to the banking laws contemplate further restrictions on recruitment, which will make situation worse for all, he said.\"We request the customers to bear with us, as the agitation will lead to a situation where the bank staff will be able to serve customers better,\" Deshpande said. Bank staffers in the city gathered outside Lokmangal, the headquarters of Bank of Maharashtra at Shivajinagar in the morning and held demonstrations to protest against the proposed amendments. Ravi Shetty, convener of the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), said in a media statement that the strike was total and will continue on Thursday as planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610088", "title": "Now, Keshubhai joins debate on farmer suicides", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Politics over farmer suicides is heating up as both the Gujarat Pradesh Congress and the Gujarat Parivartan party attacked the government for showing insensitivity towards farmers.Former chief minister and president of the Gujarat Parivartan Party, Keshubhai Patel has said in his blog, \"The present government lacks determination and will power to tackle drought.\"Drawing parallels between the drought of 1998 and the present situation, he said that it was his government who stood by the farmers and even the animals , but the present government is just involved in making baseless statements over the farmers' suicides.He said that instead of showing compassion, the ruling BJP government was insulting the farmers by making statements.Meanwhile both the Congress and the GPP are going to visit the families of the victims on Thursday. Gujarat Pradesh Congress President, Arjun Modhwadia said that the Congress will visit the families of all those who committed suicide and will give them a cheque of Rs one lakh.The GPP general secretary, Gordhan Zadaphia gave deatils of the suicides and told mediapersons that the delay in completion of the canal networking is forcing the farmers to commit suicide.He said that the way the canal work was going on in the state; it would take another six decades to complete the project. He asked, \"If farmers are committing suicide in August, what would be the situation during the peak of summer season.\"He further said that never in the past, the farmers in the state had to commit suicide; but it was only during the BJP regime that the farmers took the extreme step.\"In 2003, 94 farmers committed suicide while 98 committed suicide in 2004, 107 in 2005, 127 in 2006 and 36 in 2007.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15611291", "title": "Will New Zealand be an easy meat for India?", "text": "New Zealand lost the Test series 0-1 the last time they toured India, but impressed everyone with their gutsy display. However, it is slightly difficult to envisage Ross Taylor &amp; Co putting up much of a fight this time around. TOI does a SWOT analysis of the Kiwis.STRENGTHSThe only time New Zealand played at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, they did pretty well. It is something they can take heart from.Particularly star opener Brendon McCullum, who stroked 225 in the second innings. McCullum is someone who can help his team get off to a good start against a presently underconfident Indian bowling attack. Martin Guptill too scored 85 in that match in 2010. McCullum, skipper Taylor and allrounder James Franklin are IPL regulars, which means Indian conditions aren't too alien.WEAKNESSESUnder-confidence . They lost both the Tests to the West Indies away. They also have a new coach in Mike Hesson, who replaced former opener John Wright, and it should be some time before they get used to his methods. Quite a few players are experiencing these conditions for the first time. The absence of their former skipper, and a veteran of 100 Tests, Daniel Vettori, is a big blow to the bowling, specifically, the spin bowling department. It means both the spinners, Jeetan Patel and Tarun Nethula, will have no one to guide them. The Kiwis haven't won a Test in India since 1988, which means history, too is against them.OPPORTUNITIESThe retirement of batting legends Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman, two adversaries that have relished scoring against New Zealand, gives the team something to work with. Apart from Sachin Tendulkar and to an extent Virat Kohli, the Indian middle-order looks in-experienced . This is an area the Kiwis can exploit, once they get past Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir. Seamer Doug Bracewell, who helped New Zealand to a Test win over Australia at Hobart, could be the surprise package.THREATSBoth the Indian spinners, R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha, combined brilliantly to help India beat the Windies at home last year. They could rule against batsmen who aren't great players of spin. Taylor hasn't had a good time with the bat since he became the skipper, having failed to hit a hundred, which means a class batsman is out of touch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15611167", "title": "Islamabad taking steps for security of Hindus: Pakistani parliamentarians delegation", "text": "ATTARI: A 17-member delegation of Pakistani parliamentarians that crossed over to India via the Attari border on Wednesday maintained that though Hindus were neither being persecuted nor were they migrating to India, the government there has been taking steps to instill a sense of security in the community in the light of recent rumors and allegations.However, some of the delegation members admitted that there were certain \"structural flaws\" and \"issues\" which needed to be resolved to restore confidence of Hindus in the Pakistan administration.The delegation is here for discussions with their Indian counterparts on various trade-related matters and the issue of the alleged persecution of Hindus in Pakistan. \"No doubt this year, a large number of Hindus are travelling to India but they didn't have any intentions to leave Pakistan,\" said Mohammad Jehangir Bader, who is leader of the House in Pakistan Senate. Member of national assembly Nafisa Shah said: \"There are many structural flaws in the system which need to be addressed so that Hindus feel secure of their present and future.\"Senator Hazi Mohammad Adeel said that Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari has constituted a three-member committee to look into the recent allegations of persecution of Hindus and their planned exodus to India. The committee consists of two Hindu senators and federal minister Moula Bakhsh Chandio.Pakistan senate deputy chairman Sabar Ali Baloch said Pakistan was infested with evil of terrorism which was a threat to all communities, not just Hindus.Meanwhile, a Hindu priest and preacher with Pakistan Hindu Seva (PHA), a Karachi-based Hindu organization, has claimed that many Pakistani Hindus from Sindh and Punjab have started willingly embracing Islam. Rajesh Kalyan claimed on Wednesday that Hindus in Pakistan are leaving under the shadow of fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "15613949", "title": "NID to be set up in Kurukshetra: Haryana CM", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A National Institute of Fashion Technology will be set up at Panchkula and a National Institute of Design in Kurukshetra, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said here on Wednesday.The state will become an education hub of international standard in a few years, he told reporters here.Kalpana Chawla Medical College is being set up in Karnal, Rajiv Gandhi Education city at Kundli in Sonipat, a Medical College in Nalhar, Mewat, a Defence university in Gurgaon, and a central university in Mahendergarh, Hooda said.Efforts were being made to develop Kurukshetra a tourist destination of international standards, he said.A replica of Tirupati temple is being established in Kurukshetra, Hooda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610399", "title": "Section in BJP seeks to pullout from all House panels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP plans to escalate the pressure on the government over the CAG report on Coalgate, with a section in the party pushing for pullout from all parliamentary committees.With the BJP members of the JPC on 2G scam walked out in protest against what they called the \"hostile\" stance of the Congress, the saffron party has decided to ramp up the pressure amid indications that a strong section wants the walkout to be a prelude to more radical steps, including withdrawal from all the standing committees.The party on Wednesday certainly did not seem faze either by the criticism for disrupting the two Houses for the second consecutive day, or by the indication that important non-Congress parties including its own partner JD(U) wanted a debate: code for restoration of normalcy.Justifying the stalling of Parliament on the second day since the party initiated its demand for the PM's resignation, BJP said that former telecom minister A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran had to quit when they faced allegations.\"As A Raja had to go for 2G scam, and Dayanidhi Maran had to resign for his role in Aircel-Maxis deal, similarly the then coal minister Manmohan Singh has to go,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.Rejecting Congress's appeal of a parliamentary debate on coal block allocations, he maintained considering that with PM in charge of the CBI it is only logical that he resigns to ensure that there is fair investigation into the allocation of coal blocks on his watch.BJP cited recent experiences to insist that debates in Parliament or even in JPC on the 2G scam have so far not yielded desired results as no concrete action has been taken. \"Congress's appeal for a debate is a sham. They have never respected commitments made in parliamentary debates. In the Commonwealth Games case, the Prime Minister appointed the high-powered Shunglu Committee and promised to act upon its recommendations. But though the committee came out with six reports, no action was taken and the report was dumped,\" Javdekar said.He said a similar scenario had emerged over the 2G scam when the government resisted the Opposition demand for a JPC. BJP-led NDA had forced a washout of almost the entire winter session of Parliament in 2010 to press their demand.\"Congress handled the 2G more shabbily. First, it did not accept NDA's demand for JPC... then, appointed JPC which they are now destroying. The PM himself had defended Raja to the hilt,\" the BJP spokesperson alleged.BJP claimed it was only after the Supreme Court intervened that Raja was removed and the CBI inquiry yielded results after 16 months when the court started monitoring it.\"Now in JPC, they are not agreeing to the demand to call the Prime Minister and the Finance Minister as witnesses. They want to call Atal Bihari Vajpayee. This is Congress' approach and strategy,\" Javadekar said.The party denied, it was disrespecting Parliament by forcing adjournments and not agreeing to a debate.\"We have all respect for Parliament. We love it, cherish it and want to protect it. But Congress has destroyed the institutions. We are only echoing the anguish of the nation,\" he claimed.The party charged there is a \"method in the madness of Congress in defending the indefensible\". He said Congress always tries to first deny a scam, then delay the action against it and finally attack the constitutional authority looking into it.\"Debate cannot be for delaying action against the guilty... Unfortunately for Congress, there is no escape route this time as the Prime Minister was coal minister during 2006-09 when the 70 billion tons of coal reserves worth Rs 51 lakh crore were allotted for free to 143 private companies,\" he added.Times ViewBy taking a rigid position that it is not willing to participate in any debate in Parliament on the CAG reports until the prime minister resigns, the BJP is being unreasonable. It is also in the process starting to convey the impression that it is not really interested in a meaningful debate on the issues involved but is more focussed on precipitating a political crisis. Walking out from the JPC on the 2G scam and talk of a possible boycott of all committees - or even an en masse resignation from the Lok Sabha -- only adds to this impression. The BJP should recognise that it is guilty of not fulfilling the role the electorate gave it - that of a constructive rather than an obstructive opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610369", "title": "Four new small hydro-power plants in UP soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Going ahead with state government's intent to explore alternative resources of power generation, the empowered committee headed by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil K Gupta has approved successful bidders for setting up four new small hydro power projects (SHP).The decision was taken in the committee meeting held here on Wednesday. The meeting was chaired by IIDC Anil K Gupta and attended by principal secretary, information technology Jiwesh Nandan, director UP New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (UPNEDA) Anamika Singh and senior officials of departments of law, finance, irrigation and Jal Vidyut Nigam among others.The four small hydro power projects to be set up through public private partnership (PPP) model include 550 KW Kutubpur (Meerut), 300 KW Dhakauli (Meerut), 1800 KW Betwa-1 (Jhansi), 750 KW Akbarpur (Bulandshahr), totaling 3,400 KW. These projects are expected to be commissioned in the financial year 2015-16. While M/s AMR Power Private Limited has been selected as successful bidder for Akbarpur SHP and Kutubpur SHP, M/s Oasis Contractors &amp; Consultants Private Limited has successfully bid for Betwa-1 and Dhakauli SHPs.Gupta said, \"The state government is keen to augment power availability from all resources available, including hydro power projects wherever possible.\"UPNEDA director Anamika Singh said as per the guidelines for setting up power projects through PPP, now decision would be referred to the Energy Task Force (ETF) and state cabinet for final approval.After ETF and cabinet approval, tariffs quoted lowest would be referred to UP Electricity Regulatory Commission for tariff adoption and permission for issuance of Letter of Intent to respective project developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614084", "title": "Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna is set to release", "text": "'Challenging' Star Darshan's most ambitious magnum opus 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' produced by Anand Appugol and directed by Naganna will have well known producer H.D.Gangaraj as the distributor. Chitraloka Mega Portal is excited to break this news to the fans of Kannada film industry. The process of the work relating to post production is now in progress in various labs and studios. The process of fixing up the date for audio release and date of the film's release will be worked out by Anand Appugol, director Naganna in consultation with H.D.Gangaraj and Darshan.Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna is one of the most hugely expected film that is expected to hit the screen in another fifty days throughout the state of Karnataka and also in neighboring states of Maharashtra where 'Raayanna' is treated as a demi god. Now, it is left to Gangaraj to see whether to release the film in other states of the country and also in abroad.Meanwhile, Music director Hari Krishna is reported to have been completely focused on doing re-recording work for the film. Naganna says that re-recording work for four reels of the film has already been completed and remaining work for eleven reels has to be done. \"I am following it up in Chennai and I am reporting to Chennai again by month end or September 1. Darshan sir has also told me that he would be joining me to Chennai to personally see how Hari Krishna is doing the work. I am happy about Hari Krishna's work' says Naganna.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609630", "title": "Chewing on supari can get you diabetes", "text": "NASHIK: Those who like chewing supari as a mouth freshener now have another disease to worry about apart from cancer. Studies collated recently show that supari, or areca nut, can also cause metabolic syndromes, including obesity and diabetes.\"Out of eight studies (conducted at a Saudi university for 6-20 years), two associated areca nut chewing with hyperglycemia and type 2 diabetes, while five reported an association with metabolic syndrome. Four studies related it with obesity and increased body mass index (BMI). Meanwhile, higher triacylglycerol levels were reported in one study among areca nut chewers compared to non-chewers,\" said the review.According to it, the sample size of the selected studies ranged from 210 to 56,116 individuals (their age range being 15-83 years). The frequency of areca nut chewing reported by the users ranged from 1 to 76 times a day. Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi from Tata Memorial Hospital said, \"Many animal studies have shown that feeding areca nuts to young adult mice induces permanent glucose intolerance in a significant proportion of the animals.\"\"The new population-based studies suggest an independent effect of areca nut chewing on the development of type 2 diabetes. Recent population survey data from UK, Papua New Guinea and the Pacific Islands strengthen the argument for the diabetogenicity of areca nut use.\"One of the studies included in the review (published in the medical journal Diabetologia), which was conducted in Taiwan in 2004, said an active arecal agent was directly toxic to beta cells, which store and release insulin. \"Prevalence of hyperglycaemia was found to be 11.4% in (areca nut) chewers and 8.7% in non-chewers. Moreover, compared to non-chewers, the risk of type 2 diabetes was 1.41 times higher in those who had chewed areca nuts for more than 20 years and 2.02 times higher in those who had chewed more than 20 pieces of areca nuts per day,\" the study stated.Another study, conducted in London and published in the British Journal of Nutrition showed a direct association between supari and waist size.Nitrosamines\u2014chemical compounds formed by the areca nut\u2014are harmful for the human metabolic system. Doctors say that since crores of people chew supari in India, it is important to educate consumers and physicians about these associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608743", "title": "Play on 'Fifty Shades of Grey'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The room justifies its name. It is red in colour, and the very instruments adorning it represent suffering. It has handcuffs and whips hanging from the ceiling and is called the 'red room of pain'. A room that Christian Grey, a business magnate, uses to satiate his unfulfilled erotic desires. And the woman who becomes his object of affection is a college graduate, Anastasia Steele.Going by how actress Jalabala Vaidya puts it, \"It is a love story with a serious aberration of violence.\" It is the much-talked about novel by E L James,'Fifty Shades of Grey', where Steele falls in love with Grey, unaware of his double life that involves whips, bondage and handcuffs. And now this bestseller has been adapted by playwright Gopal Sharman into a dramatized book reading.Vaidya, who has scripted the dramatization from the book, says that the duo conceptualized the idea about one and half months ago. \"After hearing much about the book, I ordered it. I flipped through the initial pages when I saw the interesting bits. I read it out to Sharman,\" said Vaidya. Vaidya said that Sharman instantly came up with the dramatized book-reading idea.The 90-minute play has been enacted by actors mostly college students except for Raghav Shankar, who plays the role of Christian Grey. Other actors of the play are Kritika Pandey as Anastasia and Nisa Shetty as Anastasia's alter-ego.Not deviating much from the book, the duo has only introduced humour in the presentation of the storyline. Vaidya said that while the words and script remained exact, \"the way the actors use the words have added a little humour. For instance, in the scene where Grey provides Steele with a list of rules has been made a tad humourous,\" said Vaidya.Vaidya said that the book explores a topic that has been pushed under covers despite its existence. \"Violence has been a part of the society. And such a phenomenon has existed too. The way the book portrays it, which will now be dramatized, is not sleazy,\" said Vaidya.Treading that fine line, the explicit parts of the book have been read out by Vaidya, with actors posing in between the 11-minute sequence. The book reading will go live on August 24 till August 26 at Akshara Theatre at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611045", "title": "Panic over dogs eating calf in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Panic prevailed in Raipura village on the outskirts of the city after unidentified animals attacked cattle there and killed one to eat it. This is the second incident of its kind in the region after the incidents in Mahapura in early July when a similar incident had occurred there.A buffalo calf was attacked at Raipura late on Tuesday night and was partially devoured. Panicked villagers called wildlife experts and sought their help. However, this time around the experts are certain that the attack was conducted by a pack of dogs.Wildlife enthusiast Manoj Thacker who visited the Raipura after the incident said that no pugmarks of any animal other than dogs were found in the wet fields. \"A villager also said that he had seen the dogs in the night and had shooed them away,\" Thacker said.Thacker pointed out that the two dogs were also spotted in the vicinity and were identified by the man who had seen them in the night. \"Their behaviour is also different from the usual stray dogs. The moment one approaches them they run away. This is not the case with other dogs,\" he said.Thacker said that he has asked the villagers to keep an eye on the droppings of the dogs. \"There might be traces like hairs of the devoured animal in it,\" he added. Thacker pointed out that no pugmarks of a hyena or any other carnivore were spotted in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610430", "title": "Delayed, poor rainfall to affect foodgrain production in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: Delayed and poor rainfall in June and July is expected to adversely impact foodgrain production during the kharif season in the state.Normally, sowing activity takes place on 1.32 crore hectares during the kharif season, but this year the area under kharif has dropped by at least two lakh hectare. Maharashtra has 6% share in agriculture produce in the country.Compared to last year's statistics, the areas under cereal and pulse cultivation this year have dropped by 3.61 lakh hectare and 1.61 lakh hectare respectively, which will result in lower production.The state agriculture department's sowing and foodgrain production report has stated that the area under cultivation in the current kharif season has reduced by two lakh hectares compared to the average. There is a significant drop in cultivation of foodgrains and pulses. There will be little sowing activity in the state for the kharif season by the end of August. On the other hand, many farmers may grow rabi crops, cultivated from October onwards, because of the poor rainfall adversely impacting foodgrain production as well this year, said an official.A senior official from the state agriculture commissionerate said, \"The area being cultivated with foodgrains such as rice, sweet sorghum, bajra and ragi has dropped this year, mainly due to the late arrival of the monsoon. Areas such as central and south Maharashtra are known for the cultivation of sweet sorghum, bajra and red gram. The delayed rainfall discouraged farmers from sowing these crops. In some cases, farmers had sown seeds after a few showers but germination did not take place as there was no rainfall for next fifteen days.\"The average area under cereals is 49.82 lakh hectares which has dropped to 35.50 lakh hectares this year. The situation is going to be more serious in four months as many farmers have shifted to the cultivation of maize instead of other cereals. There will be a significant shortage of cereals as maize is not directly consumed like cereals and pulses, said the official.Red gram, black gram and green gram are the three major pulses cultivated in the state, of which red gram has been sown on 10.73 lakh hectares (98% of its average sowing area). It is tough to estimate production of red gram as harvesting continues for one month and a lot depends on the climatic conditions during the period. The state is a major cultivator of red gram.A senior trader from the Pune agriculture produce market committee said, \"Unlike cereals, pulses have to be processed before selling them in the market. The average loss of grain during processing is 20%.\" About three years ago, the price of red gram had increased to Rs 80 per kg in the retail market. If the government intervenes at the right time, the prices can be controlled, said the trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "15609670", "title": "Notices to tehsildars for sitting on RTI queries", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Taking serious note of the negligence in responding to RTI queries, state information commissioner M Ratan issued show-cause notices to eight tehsildars and a revenue divisional officer in Krishna district.Reviewing the implementation of the Act with revenue officials here, Ratan said that performance of the officials was dissatisfactory. He said that RTI applicants should be promptly responded.\"We have decided to clear 13,000 applications received in 2010 in next three months,\" he said.Ratan said the commission would decide whether to penalize the PIOs after getting their replies. Speaking to press, he said they were completing enquiries on 15-18 appeals a day when they were in the city and he had cleared nearly 30 appeals on Wednesday. He said that awareness of the Act was increasing by the day as the petitions rose to a massive 3.7 lakh in 2011 from a mere 8000 in 2005.He said that the petitions might go up to 10 lakh by 2014. He stated that district collectors had been asked to review the implementation of RTI Act regularly in order to check piling of applications. He said that commissioners decided to visit districts to hear the appeals and clear them on the spot so that the petitioners could be saved from incurring expenses on visiting the state capital. In-charge joint collector M Janaki and other senior officials attended the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608209", "title": "Now, a software to keep tabs on road development", "text": "MANGALORE: Details of roads in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kodagu districts under the public works department (PWD), Mangalore circle will soon be a click away. Thanks to pavement management system (PMS), a software that is being developed for PWD circle, department officials will be able to access information pertaining to roads such as its maintenance and work details. The software can be adapted to government buildings maintained by PWD too.An initiative by BS Balakrishna, former superintending engineer, PMS will give the department a definitive view on details vital to the planning including the right of way, formation width, carriage way width, crust details, sub-soil condition, traffic details and work-related information. The last among the information parameter is vital since it pertains to details on the original and maintenance work carried out along any stretch of the roads.Many a time, it is impossible to ascertain if funds have been released for the maintenance of a particular stretch of road, when repair work was last carried out on it or along which particular chainages, Balakrishna told reporters here. \"With PMS, all these details will be available at the four divisional offices including ports division under the PWD as well as the office of the superintending engineer at the circle office,\" he added.With the state government providing annual grants of up to Rs 70,000 for every kilometre of road, which is reasonably good, maintenance can be taken up more effectively based on when such an activity was last carried out.At present, bar charts have been made for each road as part of PMS indicating various parameters. The same details will be made part of the software capable of giving details for up to 25 years.Several rounds of meeting with the officials concerned and the software developer have been held to enhance the efficacy of the software, Balakrishna said, adding the same software at a later date can be modified to keep track of government buildings and other assets maintained by the department.While the software is being developed primarily as an in-house analysis tool, it can be used to host the data online at a later date, if the need for it arises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608834", "title": "Onam fairs move to halls in luxury hotels", "text": "KOCHI: Along with open venues like the Ernakulathappan ground and the Marine Drive ground, exhibition halls in luxury hotels too are in much demand during Onam to host a variety of exhibitions.The halls in hotels like Abad Plaza, International, Gokulam Park and BTH are booked throughout August to conduct fairs to woo shoppers. But unlike other venues, the exhibition-cum-sale of select apparel and jewellery in luxury hotels are organized for high-end buyers.Most fairs at luxury hotels are organized by individuals or leading brands for a period of two days to one week. According to hotels that host such exhibitions, bookings are made several months in advance. \"We are hosting four to five exhibitions, which include jewellery and apparel, this season. Almost all exhibitors are regulars. They return because of the good response they have been receiving all these years,\" said boutique manager of Hotel Abad Plaza J Sanjeev.The daily rent for hotel venues range from Rs 5,000 to Rs 8,000. Clubs like the Lotus Club and Rama Varma Club also host exhibitions during festive seasons for select buyers.Most individual entrepreneurs choose hotel venues to provide a comfortable shopping experience to their clientele.This year, a few organizations like the Silk Mark Organization of India, an initiative of the Central Silk Board, also chose a banquet hall in Hotel Gokulam Park Inn to host a fair. \"Our aim is to create awareness among the public on the quality of silk products,\" said Babu Giridhar, an official with the Silk Mark.Kochi: Along with open venues like the Ernakulathappan ground and the Marine Drive ground, exhibition halls in luxury hotels too are in much demand during Onam season to hold a variety of exhibitions. The halls in hotels like Abad Plaza, International, Gokulam Park and BTH are booked throughout August to conduct fares to woo shoppers.But unlike in other venues, the exhibition-cum-sale of select apparels and jewelleries in luxury hotels are organised mainly for high-end buyers.Most fairs in luxury hotels are organised by individuals or leading brands for a period of two days to one week. According to hotels that host exhibitions of high-end products, bookings for the halls are made several months in advance.\"We are hosting four to five exhibitions, which includes jewellery and apparels, during this season. Almost all exhibitors are regulars. They come back here because of the good response they have been receiving all these years,\" said J Sanjeev, boutique manager, Hotel Abad Plaza.The daily rent for hotel venues range from Rs 5,000 to Rs 8,000. Clubs like the Lotus Club and Rama Varma Club also host exhibitions during festive seasons for select buyers. It is mostly individual entrepreneurs who opt for hotel venues to provide a comfortable shopping experience to their clientele. This year, a few organizations like the Silk Mark Organisation of India, an initiative of the Central Silk Board, also chose a banquet hall in Hotel Gokulam Park Inn to host a fair for tapping the market. \"Our aim was to create awareness among the public on the quality of silk products,\" said Babu Giridhar, an official with the Silk Mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15611363", "title": "MMS clip, threats from girlfriend's family forced Goa youth to kill self", "text": "KERI: A 21-year-old Goa boy's suicide note has revealed that he was pushed to end his life on August 5 as his girlfriend's family had threatened him after an MMS clip showing the couple together had gone viral.Arjun Narayan Mainkar had hanged himself to death on August 5 and the police revealed details of his suicide note on Wednesday.\"I have agreed, in the presence of villagers and by signing an affidavit, to marry my girlfriend when she is 18. But I was continuously harassed by the girl's relatives and this resulted in loss of my peace of mind. To get rid of the pressure I am committing suicide. The chief minister of Goa should investigate my case and punish the culprits,\" Arjun wrote in his two-page suicide note written in Marathi.Arjun, a resident of Morlem in Goa's Sattari, wrote his girlfriend's relatives had threatened to harm his sister and that had made him restless.Before committing suicide he sent messages to his classmates saying, \"Come with your open eyes to see my closed eyes.\"Inspector Ramesh Gaonkar said, \"Arjun's suicide case is a delicate issue. After his death his girlfriend twice made attempts to commit suicide. I met her and have built up some confidence in the depressed girl who is badly in need of emotional care. The issue has two sides and matter is complicated. We are investigating the case.\"The girl's family had called a meeting and asked Arjun to marry her after the MMS came to light.SP (North) Vijay Singh said no arrest had been made in the MMS case and added that investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15609399", "title": "Gurgaon kids kick-start football tournament", "text": "GURGAON: When 10-year-old Iteeva Pandey gets to know that the latest arrival to the venue is her favourite sportsperson Bhaichung Bhutia, she runs to get her old and worn-out football from under the marquis. \"You signed this five years ago,\" she tells Bhutia, pointing at his signature on the FIFA ball, dated 2007. The new signature follows the old one and Iteeva makes her way to the two not-quite full-size football pitches set up out on the schoolgrounds.This is the first day of the under-14 inter-school Bhaichung Bhutia Championship Cup 2012, organized by the ace-footballer's soccer school for the young, at Gurgaon's Ridge Valley School. And Iteeva is one of the participants representing the host school. Like the several other students there on the field \u2014 belonging to 14 different schools from across Gurgaon \u2014 football is Iteeva's 'favourite sport.'Football is distinctly a 'sport' and not a 'game.' Young kids, kitted and equipped with shin-pads, look relaxed but focused. And with the coaches shouting from the sidelines at their young players in the centre to 'get it out to the wing,' the air around the place, no doubt, feels tense and professional.Bhutia's soccer school was inaugurated in Gurgaon, on these very grounds, somewhere around last month. And this tournament is the first such event in the city. \"Such tournaments are crucial in order to tap young footballing talent in this country,\" according to Rajiv Dhyani, one of the coaches at the football school, who trains over 30 students from the under-12, under-14, under-16 and under-19 categories here in Gurgaon.The three-day tournament, that will involve several inter-school matches of 25 minutes duration every day, is one way to gauge how football is beginning to get popular. \"We just started a month ago, and we already have about 40 serious students training with us,\" says Kishor Taid, co-founder and director of the Bhaichung Bhutia Football School. Today, in Gurgaon, new enquiries for admissions are flooding in. \"On an average we are getting about 4 new admissions every week here, which is a very good sign.\"The matches are taking place after the school hours, and by evening 5.30pm things come to a close. Siddhant Rao, the 12-year-old Class VII student of Sri Ram School in DLF Phase 3, is taking a breather after his school's match today. \"I would like to take up football professionally,\" he says. In July this year, Siddhant's school team won the Gurgaon district football tournament organized by the education department. And now the next big destination is Rewari, where the team will be playing the state-levels. So there is a good chance, and his coach agrees that Siddhant, a mid-fielder, will make it to the pro-level not long from now. But he isn't hopeful. \"I don't really think there is any future for India in football. I would like things to change. But as of now, I don't think it will work out.\"Lot many youngsters are taking up the sport now, it's a good sign: BhaichungWhen footballer Bhaichung Bhutia decided to hang up his boots in January this year, he brought to a close one of the most successful sporting careers in the country. Bhutia, the longest serving captain of the Indian football team, has represented the nation in 107 international games, witnessing at close quarters, the country's soccer scene grow every year. Today, with his football schools for the young gaining popularity, his focus is on mentorship and training. During his visit to the Bhaichung Bhutia Football School in Gurgaon on Wednesday, he spoke to TOI about the past, the present and the future of Indian football.Back when you were beginning your career, football was struggling for popular attention. What changes do you see today in terms of popular appreciation for the sport?The sport has come a long way popularity wise. Today many more people are interested in the game, the audience is increasing. One particularly good sign is that today a lot many youngsters are taking up football, which is great. Sports, as a whole, has changed in India. Look at the six Olympic medals we just got. Today, you have better career options available in this field, and it is gaining acceptance. Earlier it was just cricket. With football, things are just beginning to pick up, but still there is long way to go before we reach the world standards.What according to you is the essential difference between our football players and those from other countries, who often outperform us? What's missing from our game? Technique?It's not just the technique. You can't pinpoint one or two areas where we need to work. It's a combination of factors. To be a successful team you need better training. Physical and psychological aspects involved in the game, both need to be worked upon. Besides, we need more and better football grounds in the country. Also, young footballers need to be better trained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15610674", "title": "Nine officials suspended in Madurai granite scam", "text": "MADURAI: Cracking the whip on government officials found to have connived with the illegal granite mining mafia, the state government has suspended nine people including a tahsildar and deputy tahsildar in Madurai on Wednesday.District collector, Anshul Mishra, said that action was being initiated on retired government officials who served in Melur, the epicentre of the multi-crore illegal granite mining scam.Mishra said in a statement that Melur tahsildar Rukmini, deputy tahsildar Mohan, Keelavalavu village administrative officer K Subburaj, Saruguvalaipatti VAO V V Selvaraj, Therku Theru VAO A Sait Babu, Sokkampatti VAO K Ponniah were temporarily suspended from service. The charge against the six was that they transferred pattas without proper documents.\"In continuation of the inspections in granite quarries in Melur, records and pattas pertaining to PRP Granite and PRP Exports was scrutinised by a official team led by a deputy tahsildar. The official team found that pattas were transferred without proper documents,\" said Mishra in the statement.Besides, the six persons, three other employees of the tahsildar office in Melur were also suspended. They were Rajendran, junior revenue assistant, Balasubramanian, writer, and Muthukrishnan, an office assistant. They were accused of failing to maintain patta transfer documents properly. They also failed to submit them for scrutiny. Some of the illegal patta transfers facilitating the granite company to go on a mining spree in places beyond it was licensed to quarry had occurred even before these officials and employees had joined service in Melur. Hence, the district administration has brought officials who were serving in Melur in the past also into the probe net.The collector said that retired tahsildars Rajeswari and K Sridharan, deputy tahsildars Thillai Natarajan and Kulandaivelu, village administrative officers Karnan, Paranthaman and M Pandian were behind the illegal patta transfers. \"Action is being initiated against them,\" he said.Besides criminal action against these revenue officials for the irregularities they have committed, action for amassing wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income is also likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608304", "title": "Cops for child bravery award to Delhi diver", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is more good news in store for the 14-year-old hero of Madanpur Khadar. Days after an international news agency suggested they make a documentary on Sagar Kashyap - credited of saving over six lives who were on the verge of drowning in Yamuna - the Delhi Police has decided to forward his name for the national bravery awards that are awarded to children in the capital every year on Republic Day.Confirming the move, additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry said that the message they wanted to spread was that the capital needs more such responsible teenagers. \"In the past two months, Sagar has been instrumental in saving several lives. Coming from a modest family, he hopes to turn a professional swimmer. His father Bhola, a good diver himself, had expressed his desire to train his son at the Talkatora stadium. Given that Sagar really enjoys swimming, we have promised to take up the issue,'' said Chaudhry.The decision comes days after an international news agency expressed their desire to make a short documentary on him. \"Yes, a reporter contacted us and we have given him Sagar's contact numbers,'' said an officer from the Jaitpur police station.When contacted, both Sagar and his father said they were \"honoured'' to be considered for such an award but said they were yet to hear from authorities in this regard. Delhi Police had already awarded him Rs 2,000.Sources however say that getting Sagar the coveted award this year might not be possible. \"The cut-off date for any heroic deed that is to be considered for an award is June 30. In this case, both of Sagar's heroics came in the months of July and August,'' said a source. Senior officials, however, said they were hopeful of a positive development.Although Sagar understands that his leap into the canal was heroic, he claimed each incident has left him worried. \"I always feel that I cannot always save everyone. That's one guilty feeling I am unable to shake off,'' he said.Sagar, who was taught swimming by his father at the age of six years, carries bravery in his blood. His father Bhola, 42, who works as a fish trader on the Kalindi Kunj Ghat, is also known for saving lives of many devotees who have almost drowned in the Yamuna. He was award the commendation certificate and Rs 1000 by the additional commissioner of Police South East district for his bravery. A proud father Bhola says that he wants to train his son in the Talkotara Stadium as a professional swimmer. \"He loves swimming why not work on his passion into a career,\" said Bhola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15610392", "title": "CM announces concessional chartered planes for NE students", "text": "ITANAGAR: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has announced a number of steps, including special chartered planes from Guwahati to Pune and Mumbai at concessional rates, to help northeastern students return to their educational institutions.Chavan said this in Mumbai during a discussion with the students and professionals of NE, who met the CM along with the goodwill team from Arunachal Pradesh led by MP Takam Sanjoy on Tuesday evening.\"If the respective state governments send written requisition, officials will be ready to welcome the students at the respective airports to escort them to their institutions with full security,\" Sanjoy quoted Chavan as saying.While suggesting the preparation of a list of all NE students studying in various cities of Maharashtra, Chavan also assured allotment of land near major educational institutions in the state for constructing hostel for NE students.Sanjoy said, \"The role of divisive forces across the border has been proved and it is for us Indians to realize that this is only a ploy to break our unity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609830", "title": "Activists want garbage on poll agenda", "text": "BANGALORE: The Citizens' Action Forum has decided to chalk out a garbage management programme for BBMP.The forum will consult all resident welfare associations to decide on the next course of action and ensure that garbage management tops the agenda of all candidates in the next assembly elections, said N Mukund, joint secretary, Citizens' Action Forum.Civic activists blamed the Palike for not enforcing segregation at source. \"Has BBMP enforced segregation at source, constructed dry waste collection centres in each ward and guaranteed that sufficient trucks are deployed every day? Have they taken care of the health hazards of pourakarmikas?\" Mukund asked in a letter to TOI.He also said that civic officials' tour of Mumbai, Pune and foreign countries to study garbage management had not benefited the city at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613408", "title": "Kim Kardashian denies having threesome with porn star", "text": "Kim Kardashian's camp has rubbished claims that the reality star had a threesome with a male and female porn star 12 years ago.Porn actor Julian St. Jox claimed that he shared a night of passion with the reality star when she was 20 years old back in September 2001 at a swingers' party.He said that Kardashian also romped with his date of the evening - a female porn star called Emily Ann.According to Star magazine , Kardashian is said to have arrived to the event on the arm of a black male.At the time she was married to music producer Damon Thomas, although the publication says it is not clear if he was her date to the party.\"As soon as Kim walked in, everyone was looking. She wasn't known at the time at all, not like today, but for everyone who frequented these parties, she was interesting because she was a new face,\" the Daily Mail quoted St Jox as saying.The porn star said his date - Emily Ann - took a liking to Kardashian and propositioned her.After some dirty dancing, Kardashian and her date joined the two porn stars in a private room later in the evening, and had sex.\"She knew what she was doing. She was very responsive to me,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15609356", "title": "Nine vehicles get stolen from Gurgaon every day", "text": "GURGAON: The city has become the hub of car thefts. As per police records of this year, about eight to nine vehicles get stolen from Gurgaon every day.The number of vehicle thefts has gone up compared to last year. Around 1,725 vehicles were stolen in 2012, till July 31, while over 2,500 cars were stolen last year. Police said while on an average, six vehicles were stolen per day in 2011, this year the figure has gone up to around nine cars per day. Of the total vehicles stolen this year, 70% are two-wheelers while 30% are four-wheelers.Records have indicated that sedans like Honda City and Bolero get stolen the most when it comes to four wheelers. In the past one and half years, around 380 Boleros were stolen from Gurgaon. Of the small cars, Maruti 800 gets stolen the most while two-wheelers like Hero Honda Splendour and Pulsar bikes seem to be the favourites.Police sources said vehicle thieves are equipped with master keys with which they can open any car. Sometimes, they keep tab on a car and get customized keys made. The police usually manage to solve only 20-25% of the vehicle theft cases.Records have also shown that the maximum number of cases take place in the urban areas while the frequency of vehicle thefts are much less in rural areas. Since they sell the stolen cars in black market, cops said the thieves take note of the customer demand when it comes to model and colour of vehicle. Even factors like whether a vehicle is diesel-run, or CNG-run matters.When asked to comment on the matter, police commissioner K K Sindhu said, \"With the vehicle volume increasing manifold in Gurgaon, it is true that the number of cases of vehicle thefts is rising. However, we do regular checks and with the setting up of CCTV cameras across the city, the crime will reduce.\" The commissioner also blamed the citizens for growing cases of vehicle thefts. \"A survey has indicated that 80% of the thefts take place because of negligent owners who keep their cars parked in open areas, be it outside their houses or road sides. The police are doing their best but the car owners should also take heed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/ahmedabad", "code": "15609777", "title": "Centre plans roads to connect Kutch villages", "text": "NEW DELHI/AHMEDABAD: They might not feel \"left out\" any more.People residing in far flung parts of Kutch close to the Indo-Pak border have something to cheer. The central government has drawn up plans to connect 1,124 \"left out\" rural habitations on the country's borders with roads and bridges including strategically important ones along China and Pakistan.Union Cabinet has given \"in-principle\" approval for the Rs 3,600-crore project to be implemented in states of J&K; , West Bengal , Punjab, UP, Assam , Uttarakhand , Manipur and Gujarat under rural roads programme, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said on Wednesday.In Kutch and Banaskantha districts alone there are several villages like Sui Gam, Khavda, Lakhpat, Kala Dungar, Guneri and Cher. Agencies These parts of Gujarat have poor or no connectivity to other parts of the state.There are no less than 250 similar habitations and villages across the country. The central government communique has said that these villages which were left out under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, will now be covered under the scheme in the states bordering countries like Nepal, Bangladesh and Myanmar.Out of 1,124 habitations, 527 are in West Bengal, 420 in Jammu and Kashmir , 127 in Punjab, 30 in Uttar Pradesh, 36 in Assam, 18 in Uttarakhand, 19 in Manipur and 14 in Gujarat spreading across 362 border blocks under 96 border districts in 17 states.Approximately, 195 bridges and 4,169 kms roads will be constructed under the programme.The project will be launched once the ministry gets the nod of the Union cabinet., Ramesh said adding that the works for linking the left out habitats in the border states will be over in two to three years.\"Cabinet has given in-principle approval for the project. These are left out habitations in border areas of the country. These habitations have been left out of PMGSY for some reason or other. They require new connectivity. We (the ministry) have enough money (to complete the project),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611186", "title": "Save Bharat Bhavan from rainwater harm", "text": "BHOPAL: Rattled by flooding of Antarang, indoor theatre of Bharat Bhavan on Monday, the multi-art complex administration has asked the Capital Project Administration (CPA) to chalk out a plan to prevent recurrence \"August 20 situation arising out of heavy rains.\" CPA is the government agency that maintains the art complex.Staging of a Hindi play, Malti Madhav, was postponed after the deluge. The show was to be staged on two consecutive days, August 21 and the next day.Bharat Bhavan sources claimed poor pre-monsoon maintenance of Bharat Bhavan complex led to the flooding of the Antarang where knee-deep water accumulated after the downpour.The administrative officer of Bharat Bhavan, Tarun Bhatnagar said, \"The whole city was flooded on August 20 , so was Bharat Bhavan.\" \"In fact Bharat Bhavan was flooded from two sides--the entrance gate and from behind Antarang where water entered because of the CM house slope.\"It had happened in 2006 downpour also, he said, adding; \"Now we have asked the CPA, the government agency to develop a plan for drainage and to stop the seepage of water.\" He said the CPA would come out with a comprehensive plan taking in view roofs with gardens and all four sides of the complex so that the flooding and water seepage could be checked.Earlier this year, water also entered in Roopankar, the art gallery of Bharat Bhavan, allegedly causing damage to some of the precious paintings. \"The reason was again seepage,\" Bhatnagar claimed.The art gallery had suffered loss in 2002, Bharat Bhavan sources said, when water had entered a store room of Roopankar where precious paintings were stored.After the recent flooding, the show of Malti Madhav was cancelled, said Balendra Singh, director of the play while carrying out final rehearsal on Wednesday.He said the August 21 show would be arranged sometime next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610362", "title": "UGC uploads NET answers on website", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates who took the NET (National Eligibility Test) in June this year can now get their scores before the result is declared. In a new initiative, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has uploaded the answer keys of NET on its website and has also sought the feedback from the candidates.Earlier this year the Indian Institute of Technology (IITs) had also uploaded answer keys of Joint Entrance examination (JEE) on its website. After the answers were put online, wrong questions, accounting for 14 marks in JEE, were detected.Welcoming the UGC decision, National PG College principal SP Singh said, \"Uploading answers on the website will help students to know whether they have qualified for the exam or not. Since the students are given a carbon copy of the OMR sheet, matching the answers with the correct choices becomes very easy.'' Prof Singh has been involved in evaluation of NET answer books.UGC chairman Prof Ved Prakash said the move will bring more transparency and accountability in the NET. After getting the feedback on the answer keys, UGC will seek expert opinion on whether the marking scheme should be changed. Prof Prakash added, \"Sometimes, there may be some difference of opinion on what is the correct answer in the objective-type question paper. Hence, feedback is essential.''NET was held on June 26 on a different pattern this year wherein Paper III, which was earlier subjective, was made objective.The first paper had 60 questions, of which candidates had to attempt 50 questions. The second paper had 50 questions and all were compulsory while the third paper had 70 questions and all were compulsory. The total marks were 350 with no negative marking. UGC-NET is held twice a year - in June and DecemberThe UGC website also displays the category-wise qualifying marks in each paper. NET deals with the appointment of assistant professors (lecturers) in the colleges and also with awarding of junior research fellowships (JRF).In June this year, more than 5.5 lakh students appeared in NET. The results are expected by mid-September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609591", "title": "Mere Rs 54cr allotted for security at global meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Making a mockery of security arrangements for the upcoming Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 11), the state government has allocated just Rs 54 crore for security-related issues for the international conference, which will be held at HICC from October 1 to 19.With thousands of delegates from over 150 countries likely to participate in the high-profile event, a foolproof security arrangement, including closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras at vantage points in the city, should have been in place. However, all the grand security plans are still on paper.Surprisingly, the government has allocated Rs 54 crore. \"A lion's share of the amount will be spent on paying allowances for policemen on bandobust. The remaining Rs 20 crore will be available for procuring security-related gadgets,'' a senior IPS officer, who is associated with security arrangements for the COP 11, told TOI.In view of the international conference, police have made a fresh plea for accepting its long-pending proposal of procuring 4,000 CCTV cameras to be put up at various points in the city.For this, the state government has to spend Rs 400 crore to execute this project. Earlier, the officials were hopeful of getting at least a portion of the funds to purchase some CCTV cameras. However, with time running out and no ray of hope for release of funds, the security apparatus would be without the hawk eye. The only saving grace is that police have decided to procure the much-needed vehicle scanning system (VSS) worth Rs 12 crore. Funds for VSS are not taken from the Rs 54 crore budget allocated for COP 11.Sources said an order for procurement of a mobile VSS would be issued shortly. Though police had proposed seven VSS, the government has agreed to release funds for procuring one as time is ticking for the scheduled COP 11.The VSS would replace the existing archaic system of using mirrors to check underneath of vehicles, especially cars. Similarly, physical verification is being done to check for clandestine objects hidden inside vehicles. With mobile VSS, security personnel need not worry about lapses as rays from it will verify and videograph objects inside the vehicle. Even contraband substances like cocaine and ammunition can be detected by VSS, which could be affixed in a car and parked like any other vehicle at the venue. The venue (HICC) is a blessing in disguise for police personnel as it has a CCTV network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15608532", "title": "550 mine workers skip duty to protest curtailment", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Over 550 miners of Mungoli opencast mine under WCL Wani area did not attend duty on Wednesday to protest the management's decision to curtail manpower on the rest day. The workers' move stalled mining of 8,000 metric tonnes of coal. The area management had decided to work with 10% less manpower for the day, triggering the miners' move.It may be noted that WCL headquarters has ordered 20% curtailment in manpower on rest days in every mine to curb financial losses. However, the decision has met with strong opposition and all five workers' unions have joined hands to oppose the move.Workers gathered at main gate of the Mungoli mine, but did not join the duty, after they learned that more than 10% of workforce has been curtailed for the day's work. No worker in three shifts joined duty. Workers in morning shift raised slogans at the gate to protest the management's decision. Work in Naygaon opencast mine was stalled in similar fashion on August 8, when mine management had tried the manpower curtailment there on rest day.\"580 workers were summoned on duty on last Wednesday (August 15), but they called only workforce of 520 on this Wednesday (August 22), thus curtailing the 60 miners. Hence, to protest the move, we decided that no worker will take the duty during the day. No manpower cut will be allowed if WCL wants production on Wednesdays,\" warned INTUC, areas safety committee member, TD Surendran.Area welfare committee member and INTUC leader Ashok Lonare claimed that the management is trying to take up curtailment on manpower in different mines on alternate Wednesday. \"However unions have decided to observe common rest in the mines where mine management will try curtailment. Our mine is a profitmaking unit since many years, despite gradual reduction in manpower every year. WCL should look for curtailment in expenses of executive staff to meet its financial losses,\" he said.CITU leader Pramod Arjunkar termed it as conspiracy to promote privatization. \"All five unions are united over the issue. We will try to seek solution over the problem through dialogue with the management,\" he said. Area safety committee member and AITUC leader Mohammed Khurshid Akram claimed that Joint Bipartite Committee for the Coal Industry (JBat Coal India level should take up the issue of workers' rest day. Providing four paid holidays to the workers in Coal India will resolve the problem, he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608113", "title": "Finally, Yashvir gets recognition", "text": "NEW DELHI: He may have been sidelined the moment his favourite pupil Sushil Kumar returned from Beijing Olympics with a bronze medal but it was coach Yashvir Singh's passion for wrestling that kept him going.Yashvir's hard work was finally recognized on Tuesday when his name figured in the list of Dronacharya Awardees along with Krishna Poonia's husband-cum-coach Virender Poonia (athletics), Indian hockey team's former coach Harendra Singh (hockey), Sunil Davas (women's kabaddi) and Dr Satyapal Singh (parathlete).\"Aaj meri mehnat ka fal mil gaya (My hard work has paid dividend today). I consider myself lucky. This time there was this feeling in the wrestling fraternity that I should get it,\" Yashvir, who also coached London Olympics bronze medalist Yogeshwar Dutt , told TOI on Tuesday. \"I was awarded the best coach award by world body (FILA) and today my work has been recognised at home. This award comes with a sense of responsibility. Nineteen years ago when I started training youngsters, I didn't even think of it,\" he added.Coach Yashvir has never complained. Not even when he was made to sit in the spectator's gallery to make way for Wrestling Federation of India's secretary general Raj Singh in the team corner during the London Olympics.\"My target was not the award... wrestling has given me so much in life. I was a physical teacher in school and if not for wrestling I would have been a teacher.\" he said.The awards will be handed out at the Rashtrapati Bhawan on August 29.Recommended list:Yashvir Singh (wrestling), Virender Poonia (athletics), Harendra Singh (hockey), Sunil Davas (women's kabaddi), Dr Satyapal Singh (par-athletics) and BI Fernandez (boxing)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610100", "title": "Sadiq encounter: Tirodkar seeks bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Mumbai journalist and an accused in the Sadiq Jamal encounter case, Ketan Tirodkar, filed a bail application in the special CBI court on Wednesday.In his plea, Tirodkar claimed that he has been arrested and sent to judicial custody for the second time in this case and this was not legal. Hence he should be released on bail.Tirodkar highlighted the fact that it was on his statement before the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court that the police registered an FIR. Of the many offences his statement had revealed, that involving the Sadiq case had drawn the charge of 302 of IPC. The accused claimed that he was arrested and sent to jail for four years in this case.When the Gujarat high court ordered the CBI to register an FIR and initiate a probe, nobody furnished information during the judicial proceedings since an FIR was already registered in this case. Thus, the CBI probe should have been further investigation and he could not have been sent to custody for the second time in the same offence, it was argued.On this bail plea, additional sessions judge of the CBI court, K B Gujarathi, asked the probe agency to submit its reply and scheduled the hearing on August 28.After Sadiq was killed in an encounter on January 13, 2003, Tirodkar filed an affidavit before the MCOCA court revealing the role played by him in handing over the Bhavnagar youth's custody to the Gujarat police. He filed a similar affidavit before the Gujarat high court saying that D G Vanzara was the one who took Sadiq's custody from Maharashtra police a few days before eliminating him.Meanwhile, a CBI magistrate adjourned the proceeding on Tirodkar's request to record his statement under section 164 of CrPC. The magistrate observed that the court did not find the accused in proper mental shape for the procedure. He said that he would check Tirodkar's mental preparedness first and then record his statement. He refused to do it on Wednesday saying, \"I have found you very confused.\" With this, the court granted time to Tirodkar to ponder over the issue. He will now be brought to the court on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608256", "title": "Check monkey menace: Delhi high court to govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the city government and the MCD to coordinate together in tackling the monkey menace in the capital after sorting out their differences over the issue.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw gave the order while hearing an MCD plea for its direction to the Wild Life Department to catch monkeys as the agency does not have the trained man power to do the job. The Delhi government, however, contended that it is the responsibility of the MCD to catch them. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609815", "title": "Mandur gasps for some clean air", "text": "BANGALORE: Mandur, near Hoskote, off Old Madras Road, is drowning in a deluge of garbage. About 300 trucks dump 1,000 tonnes of garbage from the city in a landfill located on 25 acres of government land nearby. The overwhelming stench from the dump makes breathing a task for the 2,500 odd villagers of Mandur.The village was once synonymous with Mandur mangoes, that fetched big money in Bangalore. \"But for the past two years, there have not been many takers for our yield. The mangoes get infected because of pollution from the garbage heap. Insects regularly attack our crop. Every mango grown here now has black dots and eventually, they perish. Farmers have suffered huge losses. Can Bangaloreans who just throw away garbage understand our problems?\" asked an angry H Nanjundachari, former vice-president of Mandur village panchayat.Garbage is dumped in Mandur landfill without any processing. The result: liquid leachate that comes out of moist garbage directly enters the soil, polluting the groundwater table.\"The landfill has already caused water and air pollution. Many of the villagers have developed skin allergies . Cough is a perennial disorder. There have been cases of chikungunya. Mosquito and stray dog menace has started. This is not acceptable and we will protest,\" said Thammanna C, gram panchayat member.DWINDLING CROP YIELDIt was not too along ago that Mandur villagers had been celebrating the rich yield from their vineyards, mango plantations and fields where they cultivated vegetables, ragi and other crops. But effluents from the garbage dump has led to a dwindling yield, besides causing a host of health problems for villagers.In a letter to BBMP on Tuesday, Karnataka State Pollution Control Board chairman AS Sadashivaiah asked the civic body to take the help of experts from the University of Agricultural Sciences to assist Mandur villagers as their crops have been badly affected by the dumpyard.Two years ago, then mayor SK Nataraj had visited the landfill and made several promises to the villagers. But not a word has been kept, the villagers alleged.The problem has aggravated over time. Initially, only 600 tonnes of garbage was dumped here. But now it has crossed 1,000 tonnes as two other major landfills for the city's garbage, at Mavallipura and near Doddaballapur, were closed down following protests by locals.It is literally a deluge of sorts at the landfill site. \"I follow no guidelines. I let the trucks enter the landfill premises and dump the garbage. Sometimes we put a layer of soil on the garbage heap. Leachate flows out from such heaps. Leachate also enters a huge pit dug at the landfill. Yes, it certainly affects the groundwater table. But we can't help,\" a supervisor in charge of the landfill told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610354", "title": "GoAir starts three new flights to Delhi, Mumbai", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to strengthen its position in North India, GoAir, owned by the Wadia Group, has introduced new flights from Lucknow to Delhi and Mumbai from August 21. The flight schedule offers daily return and also connect to the major cities in eastern, western and southern parts of India.GoAir's vice-president, commercial, Gopal Ranganathan, said, \"The new flights will strengthen our position in Lucknow and we will take another step towards our long-term strategy to increase our presence in North India.\" With this new service, GoAir's total flights to and from Lucknow is now 42 per week, connecting to Bengaluru, Kolkata, Goa, Ahmedabad, Pune, Srinagar, Ranchi and Nanded.Out of the three newly introduced non-stop daily flights two are for Delhi and one is for Mumbai. While the first flight to Delhi (G8 395) will depart at 12.55, it will reach Delhi at 13.55. The second flight (G8 354) will leave Lucknow at 18.10 and land at Delhi at 19.15From Delhi, flight G8396 will depart at 14.25 and reach Lucknow at 15.35. The second flight (G8355) will leave Delhi at 16.40 and reach Lucknow at 17.40. The Mumbai-bound flight (G8396) will leave Lucknow at 16.00 and reach its destination at 18.10. The G8 395 flight will start from Lucknow 10.20 and reach Mumbai at 12.30.Across the domestic market, GoAir services 22 destinations with 707 no-stop and over 2,000 connecting flights per week. With a fleet of 13 aircraft, an additional new aircraft will be added within the end of this financial year. \"GoAir will receive an additional brand new aircraft and more flights are planned to connect major metros to tier-two and tier-three cities within this financial year,\" said Ranganathan.For the convenience of passengers, GoAir offers an SMS service where customers can retrieve information regarding any GoAir flight by sending SMS to 57333. It has recently entered into a contract with Germany-based Lufthansa Technik for maintenance and spare parts for its A320 fleet. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610704", "title": "UPA fears en masse resignation by BJP MPs, readies strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government-opposition showdown over corruption escalated sharply on Wednesday with BJP MPs storming out of a meeting of the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam , leading the UPA brass to plan for the possibility of BJP members resigning en masse from Parliament to force early polls.The UPA coordination committee on Wednesday, which discussed the stalemate in Parliament, felt that the BJP may crank up the pressure by pulling out its members from all parliamentary committees and, eventually, getting its members of Lok Sabha quit en bloc to deepen instability.The attendees, who included Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , took note of the fact that with at least 20 months of the Lok Sabha's tenure still left, by-elections will have to be held to fill up the 114 vacancies in case BJP decides to leave the current Lok Sabha. They felt the ruling coalition should contest what will be the mini-election of sorts with a view to snatching seats from the BJP.\"They will not be able to make an argument even if they win all the seats because even a 100% strike rate would only see them retaining what they had won five years ago. However, if we manage to wrest seats from them, we will have made a strong political point in the build-up to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" a source summed up the view at the meeting.The participants included senior coalition leaders like Union agriculture minister and NCP boss Sharad Pawar, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and finance minister P Chidambaram.The date of the coordination committee meeting was scheduled for the beginning at the month but the discussions coincided with a spike in tensions between Congress and BJP over the issue of corruption. BJP members of the JPC on spectrum scam walked out of the meeting of the panel to protest against what they called intimidating behaviour of Congress members and the refusal of JPC chairman, Congress's P C Chacko, to spell out whether he would call the PM and the finance minister to depose before the panel.Although BJP has been feeling frustrated with what it calls Congress's reluctance, the idea of taking the unprecedented step of wholesale resignations from Lok Sabha has been confined to a few hotheads. Yet, the increasingly bellicose equations between the two sides have enhanced the premium on aggression.In Parliament, BJP on Wednesday shrugged off signs of a split within the opposition ranks over continuing the agitation for the PM's resignation over Coalgate to disrupt proceedings in both Houses for the second straight day to press its demand. The hostilities in JPC on spectrum scam reduced the possibility of an early resolution.In fact, the UPA coordination committee did not see Parliament functioning at least for this week and felt that platforms outside Parliament should be utilized to put across the coalition's defence on Coalgate.The recently set-up coordination panel was supposed to focus on policy matters. But with Banerjee asking for a deferment of deliberations on allowing FDI in retail and aviation on the ground that she was not informed in advance, deliberations remained preoccupied with the skirmish in Parliament once it had discussed the issues raised by the DMK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610429", "title": "Builders' body asks FM to bring in sops for real estate", "text": "MUMBAI: After finance minister P Chidambaram asked realtors to sell off unsold flats at discounted prices, CREDAI, the apex body of real estate developers in the country, put the ball in the minister's court and said he should take immediate steps to boost housing stock supply through special incentives to the affordable segment.Chidambaram had reportedly asked commercial banks to put pressure on developers to clear their inventory and lower the prices to get the economy running.CREDAI national president Lalit Kumar Jain said the government has finally realized that \"real estate kick-starts economic development \". He described the reported figure of unsold housing stock of 500,000 in the country as \"unrealistic\". \"CREDAI appeals to Chidamabaram to look at ways to bring down the cost of construction while taking steps to encourage buyers to have houses of their own,\" said Jain.\"We ourselves have asked member developers to start selling even at rock bottom prices as long as three month ago as nobody would like to block his capital by sitting on unsold stock and that too in a very high interest regime. On one hand, banks are discouraged to lend to real estate developers while on the other cost of fund from non-banking sources is prohibitively high,\" said Jain.CREDAI has also volunteered to work with the Indian Banks' Association on the proposed committee on housing sector, which was mooted by the FM. The organization said for the past two years, liquidity in general and access to bank credits in particular has been restricted due to variety of risks. \"Just as any other sector of economy, the real estate sector has also found it difficult to tap bank resources, bank credits,\" it said. It estimated that funding by commercial banks in the organized real estate industry is negligible.Banks and finance companies are still wary of financing the real estate sector as RBI always keeps it in the negative list. \"It is ironic that while home loans area top priority, the home developers are not,\" Jain regretted.Referring to concerns over prevailing high prices of houses, he said it is akin to the typical egg-and-chicken scenario.\"The general sentiments in the market and economy are preventing buyers to move and developers are unable to bring down the prices because of very high cost of construction. Hence the demand-supply mismatch continues with the housing shortage crossing the 26 million mark,\" he said.The other key factors that add to the high cost of realty are the ever-increasing local municipal taxes, ready-reckoner rates for deciding stamp duty, cess and VAT. For instance, the burden on developers in Mumbai has risen on account of fungible area. The cost of labour has gone up by as high as 60% over the past two years, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609905", "title": "Ratan Tata softens stand on Radia tapes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tata group chairman Ratan Tata on Wednesday said he would be satisfied if the Supreme Court indicted the Union government for failing to protect his right to privacy resulting in the Radia tapes reaching unauthorized hands and its contents getting published.More than 20 months after he moved the court seeking protection of his right to privacy and a CBI inquiry to nail those who leaked official telephone intercepts of corporate lobbyist Niira Radia including conversations featuring him, Tata's counsel senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi said his client was not interested in seeking damages against the publications which printed the contents of certain intercepts.Rohatgi requested a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay that Tata was entitled to know the contents of the two inquiry reports - one by senior officers of the income tax department and the second by an inter-ministerial committee featuring officers from ministries of telecom, finance and home. Both reports said there was no leak from the official agencies, which pointed a needle of suspicion to the service provider.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising claimed privilege over the contents of the report and said government was willing to show it only to the court. \"The inter-ministerial report is available and the government is ready to show it to the court but not to the other side,\" she said.Tata's counsel said, \"I am the petitioner whose right to privacy is breached. Am I not entitled to know whether it was leaked by the government? I will be satisfied if the court says they were remiss in their duty and that the tapes should not have reached unauthorized hands. Also there should be some guidelines to protect the right to privacy of private individuals. I am not interested in damages.\"The softening of Tata's approach spurred the counsel for 'Open' magazine, which had extensively published the intercepts featuring Radia's conversations with Tata, A Raja, Kanimozhi, Barkha Dutt, Vir Sanghvi and others, to seek discharge from the proceedings before the apex court pointing out from the industrialist's affidavit that he was not seeking redress of breach of right to privacy by private media.The magazine's counsel, senior advocate Rajiv Dhawan, read out from Tata's affidavit, which said his petition was only against the Union government whose agencies failed to secure the intercepts mandated by law. Immediately, 'Outlook' magazine adopted Dhawan's submission and also sought to be relieved from the burden of being represented before the court in the proceedings.Tata had said, \"The present petition does not seek redress against violation of the petitioner's right to privacy by either the interception of telephone conversations to which he was party, or the breach of petitioner's right to privacy by the private media which has indiscriminately published the transcripts.\"Appearing for NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation, advocate Prashant Bhushan, who had submitted 130 excerpts of the transcripts available with him to the court, said, \"Not all conversations intercepted can be said to be purely of private nature. Even if one keeps aside private conversations, there were many which related to giving of cabinet post to a certain person, some about influencing the media and others about illegal transactions.\"He said the court should constitute a committee to look into those conversations whose contents related to illegal transactions. But when the court said there was no prayer for this effect, Bhushan said he wanted these conversations to be made public. The arguments will continue on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608114", "title": "Mangalore to dump roadside dustbins", "text": "MANGALORE: Wastebins dotting here could soon become relics if a move mooted by the Mangalore City Corporation to usher in 100% door-to-door collection of garbage takes off. Ahead of finalising fresh tenders for garbage collection, the corporation has decided to lay a premium on door-to-door collection with segregation at source and is toying with a pilot project to provide waste bins to households in select wards.The civic body currently uses six contractors to lift nearly 200 tonnes of garbage generated each day in 60 wards. Divided into eight packages, tenders awarded to the six contractors will end this month end, necessitating fresh bids.MCC is making a move to kickstart door-to-door collection. While this process in currently on in select wards such as Gandhinagar, Mannagudda, Central Market and Kudroli, MCC authorities in conjunction with contractors have rolled this out in areas such as Bolar, Subashnagar, Attavar, Sutterpete, Jeppu and Padav. Contractors have employed Tempos here for door-to-door collection and the corporation has started removing waste bins from these areas.The state government has approved the third among three packages for maintenance of landfill site and compost plant at Pachchanady near here with IL&FS; bagging the tender at its quote of Rs 238/tonnes of waste handled there.A high-level team comprising the commissioner, department of municipal administration, chief engineer, urban development department and commissioner of Mangalore City Corporation has been set up to negotiate with bidders of the first two packages as they have quoted nearly 23% above tender rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608775", "title": "Day I of bank stir fails to hit ATMs, but ATMs turn saviors", "text": "KOCHI: Branch-based banking operations across the state came to a standstill on Wednesday, the first day of the two-day nation-wide strike called by the united forum of bank unions.However, many customers were not immediately affected as the ATMs functioned in most places with the banks taking steps to keep enough cash in them in view of the strike.\"We normally fill only two trays in the ATMs, but we filled all four trays on Tuesday evening to ensure that cash is not drained off quickly,\" said M C Jacob, chief general manager of the State Bank of Travancore (SBT).SBT has a network of 600 ATMs across the state. \"Our senior officials are monitoring the cash position in the ATMs. We withdrew enough cash on Tuesday to fill up any ATM that would go empty even on Thursday,'' Jacob said. According to him the blockade by CPM and bank strike lessened the pace of money outflow from ATMs at several places because of the low economic activity.He, however, conceded that none of the 960-odd SBT branches functioned on Wednesday.State Bank of India (SBI) officials said they too had kept surplus money for filling their ATMs. \"We have outsourced our ATM operations and had given enough money to the agencies in view of the strike to enable them to replenish the ATMs as and when required,\" a top official of the SBI said.The leaders of the striking unions, however, said the ATM operations of the SBI were affected in some places as staff of the outsourcing agency refused to fill money. They also claimed that even some branches of the new generation banks were affected by the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608216", "title": "Manipal to offer course in pharma medicine", "text": "MANGALORE: Hibernia College, Dublin, Ireland, will offer a unique programme in Master of Sciences in Pharmaceutical Medicine in collaboration with Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Manipal University from October 2012.This will be the first of its kind programme in India to provide systematic understanding of drug development process from initial discovery through research and development to the regulatory approval process and commercialization.The programme will enable students to design and manage major projects, critically evaluate data and lead multidisciplinary teams. Students gain valuable business and management expertise required for senior positions in the pharmaceutical industry. The highlight of the programme is that 80 per cent of the course is online and remaining 20 through contact. The duration of the course is two years and professors from Dublin College will teach.The Higher Education Technical Awards Council (level 9) and International Federation of Associations of Pharmaceutical Physicians have given accreditation to the programme. Students who have completed BPharm, MBBS and BDS with an aggregate of 55 marks can enroll for the course.Employees who are working in pharmaceutical companies are also eligible. Scholarships are available to meritorious students on first come first basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15610830", "title": "Citya s 4 bright young minds clear talent exam", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a proud moment for the city as four students cleared the National Talent Search Exam (NTSE) held in May. The students will be awarded scholarships for higher studies till PhD and receive a scholarship of Rs 6,000 per annum, starting from Class IX.This year, 5,000 students all across India had appeared for the exam and four city students '' Deepakarman Singh Pal, Sukirat Bhatia and Naman Verma from Sacred Heart Convent Senior Secondary School in Sarabha Nagar and Aakriti Chowdhary from DAV Public School in BRS Nagar cleared the NTSE.Deepakarman Pal, who topped the city scoring 166 out of 200 and achieved an AIR 66th, left no stone unturned while preparing for the exams. ''It was my dream to clear NTSE as its regarded as the most prestigious scholarship programme for school students. I worked hard with focus and determination to crack the exam. My mom motivated me throughout the journey ,'' said Deepkarman, who aims to be engineer.''I am on top of the world as my son has made me very proud. I just prayed for him to clear the exam, but he surprised us by bring an AIR rank,'' said the proud mother Dr Gitanjali Kaur, a resident of Model Town.Aiming to be an aeronautical engineer, Naman Verma, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, ''I am thrilled with my result as I cleared the exam with an AIR of 268. All this could not have been possible without the hardwork and motivation of my mom, who is my teacher and guide.'' A resident of Dugri, Phase I, Sukirat Bhatia said, ''I am pleased to hear my result. I acquired 152 AIR all thanks to my parents and teacher''s guidance,'' said Sukirat Bhatia, a resident of Dugri, Phase I.As for Akriti Chowdhary, who acquired an AIR 157, the prestigious tag of NTSE was worth the effort. Resident of Gumar Mandi, she said, ''It's not scholarship that excites me as much as the prestigious tag of clearing the exam.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "dallas", "code": "15611106", "title": "Leaders of pilots' union at American Airlines plan strike vote", "text": "DALLAS: Leaders of the pilots' union at American Airlines raised the threat of a strike and also met Wednesday with the CEO of US Airways, which is pursuing a labor-backed merger with American.The Allied Pilots Association said that it would hold a strike-authorization vote as soon as American tries to use the bankruptcy process to throw out its contract with pilots and impose new pay and work rules.The airline said that a strike would be illegal.A hearing on American's request to cancel the pilots' contract is scheduled for Sept. 4 before a federal bankruptcy judge in New York.Federal law makes it difficult for airline unions to legally strike. In 2007, a federal appeals court blocked a planned strike by flight attendants at Northwest Airlines after the airline threw out the union's contract as part of its bankruptcy case.Union spokesman Gregg Overman said pilots would strike only if they had legal permission from the National Mediation Board , but Wednesday's declaration showed labor's resolve.The standoff between the union and AMR comes as US Airways, based in Tempe, Arizona, continued to press for a merger that would put US Airways executives in charge of a bigger, combined airline.Chairman and CEO Doug Parker and two other top US Airways Group Inc. executives flew to Dallas-Fort Worth on Wednesday to meet the new acting president of the pilots' union, Keith Wilson. Overman, the union spokesman, said they had a wide-ranging discussion \"about the potential for further industry consolidation.\"AMR CEO Thomas Horton was dismissive of US Airways' overtures for several months, preferring that AMR emerge from bankruptcy protection on its own. Under pressure from creditors, however, AMR has started exploring merger options, including with US Airways, that creditors could compare to an independent AMR.American is trying to slash annual labor costs by about $1 billion and return AMR to profitability after it lost more than $10 billion since 2001. American won concessions in new contracts covering about 40,000 ground workers and flight attendants.But American's 8,000 active pilots risked even deeper cost-cutting measures by rejecting a company offer this month. American's first attempt to nullify the pilots' contract was denied by the judge on two narrow issues. The company changed those items and has again asked the judge for permission to throw out the pilots' contract.Bankruptcy law lets companies escape union contracts if they convince a judge that it's necessary for their success. That's what Northwest did with flight attendants, who responded by threatening to strike. A federal appeals court in New York ruled that the flight attendants were ``intransigent'' despite Northwest's need to cut costs and that the airline had a right under bankruptcy law to throw out the contract.American's pilots last went on strike in 1997. President Bill Clinton ordered them back to work within minutes and appointed a special board to study the dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "stockholm", "code": "15613911", "title": "Nokia: How Asha series basic phones can change company's fortunes", "text": "STOCKHOLM: Nokia, burning cash as it struggles to revive its smartphone business, is winning time for the recovery effort by gaining more customers for another product: basic mobile phones it sells for $39.By adding features such as quicker Web and online games to its Asha handsets popular in faster-growing economies including India and China, Nokia boosted its share of the basic-phone market to 35% last quarter \u2014 the highest in two years. Unlike the smartphone division, the basic-phone business is profitable and unit sales are increasing.The more than 70 million cheaper handsets Nokia sells each quarter is providing relief for chief executive officer Stephen Elop as he tries to stem revenue declines and recover from five quarters of losses.The basic-phone division is also winning over first-time users who may stick with Nokia when upgrading to a more expensive device. \"Nokia's Asha models are selling quite well and that is good news for them since it gives the company a bit more time to get its smartphone business on track,\" said Teemu Peraelae, who helps manage $1.5 billion including Nokia shares at Alfred Berg Asset Management in Helsinki.Nokia's cheaper phones outsold its smartphones 7-to-1 last quarter and, at 2.29 billion ($2.86 billion), brought in 49% more revenue for the Finland-based company. Shares of Nokia have advanced 66% since it reported second-quarter results July 19 and rose 2% to 2.32 at 12:18 p.m. Helsinki time, gaining for a sixth day. They are still down 89% since Apple introduced the iPhone in 2007, a debut that started Nokia's decline in smartphones.If Nokia's smartphone strategy fails, the basic-phone unit may become the company's most attractive asset for an acquirer because it remains profitable and has a dominant market position in many emerging markets, said Sami Sarkamies, a Nordea Bank analyst in Helsinki.A buyer would also benefit from Nokia's strong relationship with carriers in growth economies, he said. Nokia's Asha phones are gaining users in the developing markets because they resemble smartphones, yet cost a fraction of the price, Anshul Gupta, an analyst at research firm Gartner in Mumbai, said in an interview.Some Ashas have full-length touchscreens similar to Nokia's higher-end models and Apple's iPhone. The underlying operating system is less sophisticated, making them cheaper to build. \"They have almost all the features a smartphone should have like an application portal to download apps, a touch interface, social-networking integration \u2014 so these devices are completely like a smartphone,\" Gupta said. Nokia added touch-screen handsets to the Asha line in June to meet the surging demand for smartphone features.The Asha 305, retailing at 65, is Nokia's cheapest full-length touchscreen phone. The Asha 311, featuring a faster touch screen and a 1-Gigahertz processor, costs 95. The company on average sells basic phones for 31 each, compared with 151 per smartphone. The 305 and 311 are seeing \"fantastic traction\" among customers, said Sathish Babu, who owns handset retailer Univercell with about 500 outlets across southern India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609939", "title": "India accounts for only 1.5% of world's trials", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India has 17 per cent of the world's population and 20 per cent of the global disease burden. However, only 1.5 per cent of the world's clinical trials are conducted in India.This was revealed during an interactive session on clinical research, organized by the Indian Society for Clinical Research (ISCR); and Quintiles, a biopharmaceutical services company.The session focused on creating awareness of the process of clinical research. \"Of 10,000 substances identified as potential drugs, only about 10 make it to the human testing stage and of these only one may finally be launched in the market,\" said Dr Arun Bhatt, executive committee member of ISCR.Bhatt said that India has about 1,500 centres that conduct clinical trials.Other speakers at the session included Suneela Thatte, executive director, customer operations, Quintiles India; and two doctors from Ahmedabad - Dr Chirag Desai, an oncologist; and Dr Pradip Vaghasiya, a psychiatrist.\"There are several stakeholders involved in clinical trials and patient safety, with ethics and quality at the core of any clinical trial,\" said Thatte, while providing an overview of the guidelines of clinical trials. \"It is extremely important to protect the rights and wellbeing of patients and maintain their confidentiality in a clinical trial.\"Dr Desai talked about the informed-consent process in trials, which involves the investigator, the patient and the patient's family. \"The consent process is conducted in the language of the patient and is supplemented with written material in the local language, which is approved by the ethics committee at the hospital,\" he said. \"If a patient is illiterate, the contents of the informed-consent form are explained orally in the presence of a literate witness.\"Dr Vaghasiya performed a role-play to demonstrate the kind of questions patients ask and the responses provided during the informed-consent process for vulnerable groups like psychiatric patients, children and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609361", "title": "Bus plunges into canal, 1 killed, 19 hurt", "text": "KOLKATA: A nine-year-old boy was killed and 19 others injured after a speeding CTC bus on its way to Rajabazar from Malancha in South 24-Parganas plunged into a canal beside the Basanti Expressway on Wednesday evening. The accident occurred at Chowbagha, about four km from the E M Bypass.The driver allegedly paid no heed to the large potholes on the road near the Chowbagha bus stop and sped on after it spotted another CTC bus behind. The bus fell into a crater, broke its axle and swerved to the right before toppling over into the ditch. Its fall was partially arrested by a wooden bridge across the canal and this may have actually saved lives. The number of casualties would have risen had the level of water in the canal been higher.In 2002, a bus plying on route No. 213 had plunged into the canal at the same spot killing 43 people.Locals rescue 50 bus passengersThere were 50-60 passengers in the bus when it plunged into a canal beside the Basanti Expressway at Chowbhaga. Among those injured, two were admitted to the Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital and 14 taken to Desun Hospital. The condition of 30-year-old Salma Begum is serious, doctors said. The boy who died has been identified as Arbaaz. According to sources, he was taken to the Ruby General Hospital on E M Bypass from the accident site but was declared brought dead.\"It was around 6.45 pm when the accident occurred. Passengers were upset after the driver started to drive recklessly along the potholed road. Before we could speak to the driver, there was a loud noise and a terrible jerk. This was when the bus fell into a large pothole. The driver tried to recover control but the vehicle swerved to the right. There was another jerk and the bus ploughed into the canal. Before we could realize what had happened, water and muck was entering the bus. Those of us sitting in the rear managed to escape through the windows,\" said Tanusree Das, a first-year student of the St Paul's College.Subhendu Paik thanked his stars. \"Had the bus got fully submerged, all of us would have perished. Fortunately, only the front portion was submerged. This gave us time to get out from the rear windows,\" he said. Paik was going to the CNMCH where his wife had delivered a baby girl on Monday.Nearly 40-50 locals who were at a local football field rushed to the rescue. The police and other agencies were also prompt in reacting. Apart from Kolkata Police ambulances, those from nearby hospitals reached the spot within 20 minutes of the accident. Officials from the police, fire department, Kolkata Police's Disaster Management Group (DMG) and civil defence also rushed to the spot. Civil defence and fire department minister Javed Khan supervised rescue operations.\"We were playing cards nearby when we heard a noise. We saw the bus swerve and smash into a tree before falling on a wooden bridge across the canal. The front portion then gradually sank into the canal. We rushed to the bus and pulled out nearly 50 passengers including a six-month old child,\" said Tapan Mondal, a local.\"The bus was speeding down the left flank when it swerved to the right. At that time, there were people on the right flank waiting for vehicles towards Bantala. On its way to the canal, it may have dragged along some of these people,\" said one Gopal Mondal.The locals took the passengers to the nearby field and attended to them before putting them into ambulances. Rescue work by the DMG and others started with the help of generator-lit searchlights. Two cranes were also brought to pull out the bus.\"Our divers made one foray into the canal but did not find anybody. There will be another attempt after the bus is brought out completely. Only after a thorough search will we call off the rescue operations,\" an officer said. The driver and conductor of the bus are missing, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15609093", "title": "Overcrowded prison poses problems for officials", "text": "KANNUR: With many CPM activists being taken into custody in connection with the violence following the arrest of party district secretary P Jayarajan, the central prison here is now overcrowded.As on Wednesday, there are nearly 1,200 prisoners lodged in the prison against its capacity of 850. Around 140 are lodged in the district jail in the same compound that functions as an annex of the central prison. Nearly 625 of the prisoners are CPM activists.\"More and more prisoners are being brought here, but there isn't enough place to accommodate as many,\" said an official. \"Though the government has announced many developmental projects for the prison, nothing has been finalized so far,\" he said.A major concern is the poor condition of the toilets in the prison. \"The toilets are pretty old and are not sufficient even for the 850 prisoners the prison can accommodate,\" said another official. He said that politicians who say prisoners are not treated well should make some effort to bring the poor condition of the prison to the attention of the authorities.Another major issue is staff crunch. There are only 105 warders. When the number of prisoners goes up, it's difficult to manage the prison, which has only two welfare officers against the actual requirement of three.\"The kitchen staff is also finding it difficult to prepare food for the prisoners even though the kitchen here has all the facilities,\" said an official. This could affect the quality of food and jail officials have to take the blame for this.Once the district jail is developed it will be able to accommodate more people, but it also does not have enough staff strength. The jail is now functioning with staff on deputation from other jails, including the central prison.Though it is argued that the number of prisoners has gone up owing to a special law and order situation, prison officials feel that considering the political nature of Kannur, such a situation can develop any time and hence authorities should take steps to ensure better facilities in the prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15609649", "title": "Allahabad high court stays allotment of nursing home plot in Noida sector 23", "text": "NOIDA: In a setback to the nursing home scheme launched by Noida Authority, the Allahabad high court on Wednesday stayed one of the earmarked 11 plots on a plea by residents of Sector 23. The authority had initiated the scheme to rehabilitate the 50-odd nursing homes displaced by a Supreme Court order against commercial activity taking place from non-conforming areas of the city.The residents of the sector claim that for the last seven years they have been requesting the Authority to construct a government dispensary and a shopping centre on the plot, as per the sector's original layout plan. They allege that the authority changed the land use and they only got to know when they saw the public notice announcing the nursing home scheme.\"The plot between the park and the community centre has been vacant for several years and we wanted a facility useful for residents,\" said Mahesh Saxena, a resident of the sector. \"The sector's development should be in accordance with the needs of the residents and not as per the whims of the Authority,\" Saxena added.Voicing their opposition, residents said they had approached the Authority several times against a nursing home in the 1,000 sqm plot, but their pleas were not heard. \"We then decided to approach the court for relief, which we have been granted,\" said RC Bhardwaj, president of the RWA that filed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611281", "title": "Hospitals under scanner for labour laws violation", "text": "SURAT: Private hospitals in the city have come under the scanner of labour department, which says there is rampant violation of labour rules and inhuman exploitation of nurses, ward boys, peons and other hospital staff.In the past 10 days, the labour department has raided about 20 private hospitals located in different parts of the city and conducted inspection of the records including employee registers.Following reports of harassment of the staff at various super specialty hospitals in the city, deputy labour commissioner KS Gill instructed the department to constitute special squads and conduct the inspections.Official sources said that serious lapses, including denial of minimum wages, no holiday on festival days and denial of benefits for working on holidays, had been detected in various hospitals.\"We found that the minimum wage system is absent in most of the hospitals. It is a law to provide minimum wage of Rs 190 per day to the employee, but most of the city hospitals are paying below Rs 150 per day,\" said Mahesh Patel, assistant labour commissioner.\"There was foul play in number of aspects. The employees in some of the hospitals have to hand over their certificates to the authorities, which is a violation of rules. Rules are being ignored in granting leave too. Though the number of leaves has been specified, not many are allowed to take them. The night shift extends to more than 12 hours. We have asked the hospitals to change the practice and to implement three shifts and allot employees their eligible leave,\" added Patel.Gill told TOI, \"The raids on private hospitals will continue in the coming days. This is to ensure that the employees working in the hospitals are treated as per the labour laws.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608901", "title": "Kochi company hits pay dirt with garbage", "text": "KOCHI: Finally, there seems to be a solution in sight for the state's urgent, and seemingly intractable, garbage problem. The success of Environ Green, a Kochi-based firm, entrusted with processing garbage piled up at the Brahmapuram solid waste treatment plant, can be a model for the rest of Kerala. The firm is set to close a deal with a Dubai company for exporting bio-manure produced from treating waste.\"The Dubai-based company which caters to the demands of Dubai and Oman is willing to buy 550 tonnes of bio-manure,\" said A A Byju, managing director, Environ Green. The firm is currently trying to expedite formalities related to import licences.Kochi Corporation, too, is enthused with the project. ''We will provide all support to Environ Green for getting clearances for export,'' said Kochi mayor Tony Chammany, who was all praise for the company's credentials. \"After we entrusted the firm with the duty of treating waste in February, they cleared 80% backlog of around one lakh tonnes. The manure generated is being sold at Rs 4 per kilo. There are orders from other states like Karnataka as well,'' Chammany added.Interestingly, once the current backlog of 20,000 tonnes is cleared at the Brahmapuram plant, there will be demand for, hold your nose, more garbage. \"We have sought the support of Kochi Corporation to get more waste from neighbouring municipalities. We expect to get garbage from Thrikkakara municipality from next month. Even if the entire waste from all municipalities in the district is brought it will come to roughly 250 tonnes a day while what we require is 400 tonnes,'' explained Byju.Not all bio-manure produced at the plant is, however, exported.Environ Green is concerned about the local environment too. The firm has planted around 3,500 plantain trees on five acres of land adjoining the plant and has started paddy cultivation in another 2.5 acres also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15608403", "title": "Rivals challenge Kanda on his home ground", "text": "SIRSA: It seems that the detractors of a now weakened Gopal Kanda have finally got the opportunity and the 'courage' to dare him in his own hometown Sirsa. In an act, which was unimaginable even till a fortnight back, billboards, banners and posters of Kanda were removed by his rivals from the premises of 'Tara Baba ki Kutia' on Wednesday.The Kutia, a cluster of temples, had been built by Kanda; it's the same place where a religious function was held last year and attended by Geetika Sharma and her family. The banners of Kanda were removed amid high tension and a heavy presence of cops, as supporters of the former minister had also reached the Kutia to stop members of Tara Baba Charitable Trust from removing the banners.Lila Dhar Saini, a bete noir of Kanda and a trustee and secretary of the Tara Baba Charitable Trust, led the strong group of people and got all billboards removed by the afternoon.While Tara Baba Charitable Trust was formed in 2003, a year later differences cropped up among the members. Gopal Kanda in 2004 floated a parallel second trust and named it Shree Baba Tara Charitable Trust, which had Kanda and his family members as trustees.Sirsa police had requested for extra police force from Fathehabad and local officials, including the SDM and police DSP, arrived at the spot. The billboards of Gopal Kanda were replaced by those of Tara Baba, a mendicant, who used to be worshipped by the Kanda family.Tara Baba had died in 2003 and after his death Gopal Kanda had got a number of temples built in the memory of the Baba known as 'Tara Baba ki Kutia,' spending crores. He has been dominating the affairs of the place ever since.Lila Dhar Saini said Kanda's banners and billboards were removed because ever since his name has come up in Geetika Sharma suicide case, the number of devotees to the Kutia has fallen drastically. \"People have literally stopped visiting the Kutia as it has been so much associated with Gopal Kanda. This divine place had a bad association and today we removed it,\" said Saini.Saini is also the Sirsa district president of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) party which prompted Gopal Kanda's younger brother Gobind Kanda to level allegations of 'political conspiracy' against INLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608932", "title": "Parking rates across Delhi colonies may differ", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indefinite parking at Metro or DDA parking lots at low rates is set to end. Delhi government, in a first, is planning to make parking rates uniform in the city.\"It was agreed that all agencies engaged with the business of parking such as MCD, DDA, NDMC and DMRC should have a common parking rate,\" said a senior government official. The proposal, which was discussed in the meeting held on parking at the LG's office last week, is expected to be adopted soon.The decision to have a common parking rate across the city is only part of the draft parking policy that was discussed at the meeting. \"A number of decisions were agreed upon in the meeting, which was attended not only by the LG and Delhi government officials but also EPCA members. It was also decided that to discourage parking, the rate of the second hour will be kept higher than the first,\" added the official. The idea, say officials, is to discourage surface parking altogether. Ranjan Mukherjee, OSD to LG, said, \"The only way it can be achieved is by stopping the subsidy being provided to public parking at present.\"The good news is that the meeting also saw the Delhi government agree \"in principle\" not to convert green areas into parking spaces. \"Parking should not be constructed under public parks/greens and the MPD2021 will be amended accordingly,\" added the official. The decision comes after a spate of projects being launched by the MCD wherein parks were to be converted into parking lots or multi-level lots were being planned on being built under the park.The meeting also gave the go-ahead to giving an impetus to multi-level parking. \"There will be a differential between rates for surface parking and multi-level parking to incentivize the latter's use,\" says the minutes of the meeting, which was held last week at the L-G's office. Incidentally, almost all multi-level parking projects that have been undertaken in the city in the past few years have had dismal results.While the much-hyped multi-level project in Sarojini Nagar, which is a private enterprise, has experienced malfunctions, DDA's project in Nehru Place had few takers because of the high parking rates. MCD's older projects in Asaf Ali Road or Gandhi Maidan have succeeded because of the low rates - here, the rate is only Rs 10 for the first two hours.That's not all: to discourage surface parking, the committee has also recommended that rates be based colony-wise, in the same manner that colonies have been categorized for property tax. \"The demand for parking varies in different parts of the city. That's why it was felt that a differential parking rate would be more amenable, especially if based on the categories already established by MCD for property tax,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611237", "title": "Bad sanitation plagues Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The city, which is a tourist hotspot as well as an important pilgrimage centre of the country, is facing a serious threat of unsanitary situation as the A2Z, a private company engaged in collection and management of municipal solid waste, has given ultimatum to stop its work from Thursday due to non-payment of dues. In such a situation the authorities of Municipal Corporation of Varanasi (VMC) are gearing up to return to the old system of waste collection and disposal in the city. However, the municipal authorities claim that the sanitation and cleanliness of the city would be handled on a priority.It may be mentioned here that the A2Z recently showed its inability to continue its work further if the dues, worth of about Rs 3 crore, were not paid till August 22. In April last too the A2Z had given ultimatum to the VMC to stop the work due to non-payment of dues.This time the municipal authorities are seemingly ready to wage a war with the A2Z for this ultimatum. \"We will initiate action as per the rules,\" Sachidanand Singh, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI on Wednesday.He said that the company was authorised to collect user charge from the people for door-to-door collection of waste. Most of the money given to A2Z came from user charges for their expenses. \"We will restart the old system existed two years back. In fact we have already geared up to the task,\" said Nagar Swasthya Adhikari Dr B K Singh.No representative of A2Z could be contacted despite repeated attempts.In 2009, a public-private partnership (PPP) in SWM between the VMC and the A2Z Group started in Varanasi. As per the practice, the company undertook door-to-door collection of waste, collected user fees, segregated the waste and transported to the treatment plants for recycling and composting.The project with A2Z is funded under the Jawarhalal Nehru National Urban Mission (JNNURM). The solid waste management (SWM) project was initiated under the JNNURM in the city. Under this project the dumping of solid waste at Karsara plant was started from June this year and the A2Z had started door-to-door collection of wastes about two years back. The project worth Rs 48.67 crore was approved in 2008.The A2Z was engaged in SWM to give a beautiful look to the city. But now what will be the fate of sanitary condition of the city if the same old system is started could be understood with the facts pointed out in the city development plan prepared under JNNURM.Before the engagement of A2Z, the wastes were not treated in a systematic and scientific manner while disposing. As a result, the whole area in and around the disposal site was unhygienic and posed serious threat to the environment and to public health.According to the JNNURM report, no treatment methods were adopted for disposing the waste. The wastes were just dumped without segregating biodegradable and non-biodegradable wastes. The waste collected to secondary collection depots and containers was loaded into dumper trucks and transported to final disposal sites.Arm system container trailers were used for the loading of containers. Most of the machinery looked very old. The loaded waste was transported to final disposal sites by open dumper trucks. Since many trucks had no plates or sheets covering the back, there was a high possibility that litter fall out during transportation.The waste generated from different sources, was either thrown on the streets or disposed in the dustbins if located near the house, shops or restaurants. There was no scientific and systematic storage of waste at source. There were very few bins for storage of domestic, trade and institutional wastes at source. The report stated that it was also observed that even when the dustbins were put at various places in the city, they were never properly utilized. The waste used to be strewn all over the area in and around the dustbins. Furthermore, the waste was dumped everywhere such as vacant plots and dilapidated buildings.At the primary stage, the waste collected from the roads was put in dustbins on streets, and transported to secondary collection depots. There was no door-to-door collection system in Varanasi. The city had 30 secondary collection depots for the solid waste, and concrete walls similar to the cases in other cities surround most depots. Since the collection sites were fit into the open spaces, they had various shapes and sizes.Several roofed collection depots were established on various locations. Although three kinds of containers of different sizes were placed on 137 spots, all containers were very old and deformed. At many secondary depots, the waste was littered around. Some places were not only unsanitary but also the littered waste hindered the approach to the collection. This caused the vicious cycle of waste-litter-spread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611210", "title": "Four arrested in minor's rape case", "text": "BHOPAL: A police sub inspector Sandip Ayachi and three others, including a woman, were arrested in connection with a rape of a Dalit minor on Wednesday and sent to jail in Narsinghpur district of eastern Madhya Pradesh. One more accused - a contractor - was sent in police custody for a day on the charge of raping the minor, who is now three months pregnant, police said.The accused Parvati along with Omprakesh Kori on a motorbike took the minor, a resident of Dhanava colony to Gadarwara. They lured the minor girl,17, studying in Class XII with a job promise. Ayachi reportedly picked up the minor, hailing from a poor family and Parvati from a place close to Gadarwara railway station to Chichli where he was area police station in-charge in a car. The inspector allegedly raped her under his police station area on May 7-8, police sources said.After this, accused Parvati, Guddu took the minor to their place on a bike and the following day, the woman accused with Amjad took the minor to Barman road in a van where they dropped her at the work place of a contractor Arun Jain, who too raped her, they added.Five accused in the case were produced in court of judicial magistrate D Bhatt, who sent four of them in judicial custody and one to the police remand. The accused have been charged with kidnapping (section 366) and rape (376 section) of IPC and relevant sections of scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) Act. One of the accused in the case is absconding.The minor kept quiet for a long time, but approached Parvati after she became pregnant. Parvati threatened her with dire consequences following which she approached the police a day ahead.After this, Ayachi and other accused were booked following an initial inquiry. The SI was suspended on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15609333", "title": "Gurgaon civic body meet not to discuss Lal dora today", "text": "GURGAON: The tussle between the mayor and the executive wing of the MCG has again come to the forefront with the latter refusing to include an issue raised by the mayor in the final agenda that has been prepared for Thursday's house meeting.The mayor had asked the municipal corporation officials to include the lal dora issue in the agenda so that it can be discussed and if needed, a proposal can be passed in the House meeting and further send to the state government for necessary approvals.However, according to sources, the MCG authorities decided not to include the matter in the agenda. Sources say that this was deliberately done as the lal dora is a controversial subject.\"The lal dora is a highly debatable topic and not many are sure about the legality of houses located in and around this area. While the municipal act seems to suggest that some houses and commercial establishments are illegal as their building plans have not been sanctioned by the MCG, others claim they should not be treated illegal as they were built on panchayat land. It has been noticed that the officials harass these residents claiming their houses are built illegally. Therefore the mayor wanted to have a debate in the House on this topic. However, the MCG officials seem to be skeptical about including the topic in the agenda,\" said a source.MCG officials though seem to suggest that the item could not be included as the agenda was finalized before the mayor suggested the issue. They say they will include it in the next House meeting and claim the mayor can call for a debate in the House meeting on Thursday even if the item is not there in the agenda.\"I am not sure why the lal dora has not been included in the agenda. One thing is for sure that the MCG officials keep sending notices of demolition to these helpless residents whose houses and commercial buildings are located in and around the lal dora area. I will take up the issue in the House meeting on Thursday,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608335", "title": "Delhi high court seeks govt's stand on plan to regularize colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the city government's stand on its proposed move to regularize unauthorized colonies.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the government to respond to a plea seeking to stop the government from taking any decision for regularization of unauthorized colonies. Issuing notice also to the Centre and the DDA, HC gave them time till September 6 to file their reply.Urging HC to bar the government from taking any decision on the contentious issue, the petitioner's counsel, Anil Aggarwal, argued \"this court is yet to decide a plea, filed by an architect and town planner, questioning the Centre, the city government and DDA's power to regularize the unauthorized colonies.\"\"Restrain all the respondents from making any declaration or pass any order or give any direction regarding regularization of unauthorized colonies in the NCT of Delhi in any manner and by any means whatsoever during pendency of the petition,\" the plea filed by H R Suri ex-president of the Institute of Town Planner (India).Citing a TOI report in which the chief minister promised to declare 917 unauthorized colonies as regularized soon, the petition asked HC to intervene. \"In case, the respondents succeed in their plans and designs to illegally regularize the colonies, not only would this perpetuate illegality but will also render the petition largely futile,\" says the application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614135", "title": "Shiva to cross Jogayya theatre count", "text": "Century Shivaraj Kumar's latest film 'Shiva' is released in 220 theatres or more, it is definite, says the film's producer K.P Srikanth. This means that Shiva will be releasing in more number of theatres in the state compared to Shivaraj Kumar's previous release 'Jogayya' directed by Prem which was the actor's 100th film.More than the theatre count and release in maximum number of multiplexes it is the number of shows in multiplexes which is now being discussed. Since there will be no competition from any bigger film from other languages, the multiplexes have increased the space for the screenings of Shiva. The Mysore Sathyam multiplex will have 11 screenings of the film. Cinepolis in Bengaluru have also increased the number of shows as well as other multiplexes. The vision cinemas and cine polis have already started online bookings for the film.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609668", "title": "Offline admissions to start from Thursday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) officials said that offline admission process for students who cleared the supplementary HSC (science) exams will begin from Thursday. The process to grant them admissions in engineering and pharmacy will be completed on Saturday.Officials said that 5,400 students have applied for admission to 13,000 seats which remained vacant after the admission process for students who cleared the HSC exams this year was completed online.While students who cleared the supplementary exams filled the admission forms online, their admission will be conducted offline since most colleges have completed their admissions and seats are vacant only in certain colleges.It needs mention that 5,500 students who had failed in one or two HSC (science) subjects but later cleared the same in the supplementary tests, held in July, have registered themselves for admission in engineering and pharmacy courses. Of these, 4,500 have also completed their document verification.After the second mock round ended, 13,000 engineering and pharmacy seats remained vacant. Of this, 9,000-odd seats are vacant in engineering colleges while 4,000-odd seats are vacant in pharmacy courses.Officials said that even after admissions of the students who cleared the supplementary exams, a good 7,000-8,000 seats are expected to remain vacant. \"It is expected that a good 8,000 seats will still remain vacant after these admissions; most of which are in the colleges in rural areas and which have poor infrastructure\", officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608821", "title": "Government nod for 14 District Tourism Promotion Council projects", "text": "KOCHI: Giving heritage conservation and tourism in Ernakulam district a major boost, the government has sanctioned 14 new projects proposed by the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC).The new projects include beautification of Pratayshamata church in Fort Vypeen, court complex at Paravoor and Muvatupuzha river mouth (Thriveni sangamam project); protection of Chinese fishing nets, manufacturing of dhow; setting up an Onam national museum at Thrikkakara; renovation of Indranchira lakeside park; construction of Champakara boat race pavilion, Onam theme park at Mavelipuram and adventure tourism base camp at Bhoothathankettu, Kadambrayar-Marine Drive waterway and gateway tourism centre; Poothotta-Piravom lakeside tourism circuit, the Kochi kaleidoscope of culture visual documentary and light and sound show.DTPC also intends to attract investments in the tourism sector in Kochi by starting a consultancy centre. The council will appoint certified tour advisors to help tourists. tour advisors will be provided training at the Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies. It also plans to open 'gateway tourism centres' near its office in Park Avenue to provide essential services to tourists such as train ticket booking, exchange of foreign currency and booking for backwater rides and homestays.\"Once the centre becomes functional, we will be able to curb the exploitation of tourists by unauthorized tour operators,\" said district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth.With DTPC seeing a 200% increase in revenue, the council has decided a salary hike of 50 to 120% for its employees. And it has sought Kudumbasree's assistance to ensure that tourist destinations under it are garbage-free. Kochi: Giving a major boost to heritage conservation and tourism in Ernakulam district, the state government sanctioned 14 new projects proposed by the District Tourism Promotion Council.The new projects include, Fort Vypeen - beautification of Pratayshamata church, protection of Chinese fishing nets, manufacturing of dhow, light and sound show, setting up Onam national museum at Thrikkakara, beautification and conservation of court complex at Paravoor, renovation of Indranchira lakeside park, beautification of Muvatupuzha river mouth (Thriveni sangamam project), Champakara boat race pavilion, Onam theme park at Mavelipuram, adventure tourism base camp at Bhoothathankettu, Poothotta -Piravom lakeside tourism circuit, Kadambrayar- Marine drive waterway, Kochi kaleidoscope of culture visual documentary, and gateway tourism centre.DTPC also intends to attract investments in the tourism sector in Kochi by starting a consultancy centre. The council will appoint certified tour advisors to help tourists visiting the state and tour advisors will be provided training at the Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies. They also plan to open 'gateway tourism centres' near the DTPC office in Park Avenue to provide essential services to tourists, such as train ticket booking, exchange of foreign currency, and booking for backwater rides and homestays. \"Once the centre becomes functional, to a great extent, we will able to curb the exploitation of tourists by unauthorised tour operators\", said District Collector P I Sheikh Pareeth.With DTPC seeing 200 percent increase in revenue, the council has decided a salary hike of 50 to 120 % for its employees. Also to ensure that the tourist destinations under DTPC are garbage-free, they have sought Kudumbasree's assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611151", "title": "UP medical sales representatives to strike work today", "text": "KANPUR: Around 1.5 lakh medical representatives will respond to the call of Federation of Medical and Sales Representatives and observe a day-long strike on August 23.The medical and sales representatives would press for their eight-point demand charter, said Arvind Tiwari, secretary, Uttar Pradesh Medical &amp; Sales Representatives Association ( UPMSRA). He called upon the medical representatives of the city to assemble at Medical College gate number 2 at 11 am and attend a meeting to be convened there.Tiwari, in a formal talk with TOI, said that four out of their eight demands were to be considered by the Central government. Amongst them, statuary code for ethical sales and marketing practice for pharmaceutical companies, statuary provisions and stringent action against pharma corporate corruption, statuary working rules for the sales promotions employees and capping medicine prices and reverting cost-based excise duty were prominent, he added.The federation was demanding effective enforcement of Sales Promotion Employees (Condition of Service ) Act, 1976, including issuing legally amended appointment letters as identity of sales promotions employees and removal of all executive orders restricting sales promotion activity in the government and private hospital and institutions from the state government.The secretary claimed that besides Dava Vyapar Mandal and Retail Dava Vyapar Mandal, Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) had also decided to extend their support during the strike of medical representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614982", "title": "Left school to learn dance: Isha Sharvani", "text": "Actor and dancer Isha Sharvani, who is the favourite contender to win Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5 on Colors TV, is all set to rock the stage once again.Isha and her choreographer Salman have been receiving accolades for their performances, themes, techniques and interpretations of various dance styles. Isha has also gone on to enjoy a huge fan base, making her very popular amongst audiences.Scoring a perfect 30 as always, Isha and Salman are set to woo the judges with their Beauty and the Beast concept for this weekend's dance routine. To be aired on Sunday, 26th August, Isha and Salman will dance to the song 'Maahi' from the film Raaz 2.Talking about her special act, Isha says, \"I always wanted to dance like a princess and today my dream is being fulfilled through the Beauty and the beast act\". Talking about her passion and dedication towards dance, Isha adds, \"I left school at the age of 13 to learn dancing and never looked back\".Will Isha walk away with the coveted title? Keep reading this space for the latest updates on your favourtie dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609303", "title": "Delhi government to high court: May ban tobacco products", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tobacco products might be banned in the capital, the Delhi government indicated before the Delhi high court on Wednesday. The government said steps were being taken on the issue, while responding to a query by the court. HC then asked it to examine and decide in two weeks if the ban is feasible.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw gave the direction to the government, while disposing of a petition by 'Doctors For You', a registered society. HC asked the society to approach the government's ministry of health and family welfare.Citing a media report of July 31, in which a Delhi minister had said the government should ban sale of tobacco products in the city, the bench asked the state to consider the plea as representation and decide the same in two weeks. The Delhi government's standing counsel Najmi Waziri assured the bench that whenever a representation is made to the government, it will consider the same.Appearing for the Centre, additional solicitor general Rajiv Mehra, meanwhile, told the bench that the Centre has written to various states to implement the Food Safety and Standards Act and some states have already banned the sale of tobacco products.The bench was hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) which sought to ban tobacco products in the wake of a spurt in oral and lung cancer in the city. According to the petition, filed through counsel Varun Chopra, eight states have banned the sale of gutka in their respective territories, but the Delhi government is yet to take any action.\"The Delhi government has not taken any action despite the Centre's regulation,\" the petition said. Under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, the Centre framed a regulation in 2011 empowering the state's food safety commissioner to ban tobacco products. According to Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations, 2011, gutka and other forms of chewing tobacco products such as zarda, pan masala, gul and bajjar, should be banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609523", "title": "Vanpic scam: Partner under CBI lens", "text": "HYDERABAD: The questionable role being played by Ras-Al Khaima Investment Authority (RAKIA) in the controversial Vanpic episode is currently being probed by CBI. It was with RAKIA as a partner that the then-AP government had four years back entered into an agreement for the Vanpic ports and industrial corridor project. The CBI on Wednesday revealed this at the CBI court where it filed its counter opposing prime accused Nimmagadda Prasad's bail plea.Despite large-scale irregularities in the deal, RAKIA has been issuing statements urging the state of AP to implement the agreement it had with it. And that is raising CBI's doubts as Prasad had effectively trimmed RAKIA's stake in the project by unofficially bringing in Navayuga Company as the builder for the project. In its counter, the CBI stated that it had to seek explanation from RAKIA as several discrepancies had come to the fore. The CBI said that the roles played by RAKIA representatives like AJ Jagannadham and Dr Qatar Massad and the way the former had been ignoring its notices had all only served to strengthen its doubts.Particularly since Jagannadham had been director in some companies like Indu where the lynchpin in the case Nimmagadda Prasad, too, was a director.Prasad got 12,973 acres of land transferred in the name of his Vanpic Projects entity out of the 18,878 acres of land acquired for and given to him by the AP revenue department, CBI said in the counter. Prasad got the assessment for the 12,973 acres in question done by Jones Lang LaSalle (India), a real estate consultant and the value of this portion was put at Rs 1,426 crore, the CBI said.All this was Prasad's profit as he had put just Rs 25 crore into the Vanpic project which the CBI has valued at Rs 17,000 crore.Moreover, RAKIA gave him Rs 450 crore for land acquisition for the Vanpic Ports company, the special purpose vehicle to that was to have built Vanpic ports and corridor. Of this money, Prasad spent only Rs 150 crore to acquire land and investigation was still on to find the missing Rs 300 crore, the CBI said.tnn Moreover, he started selling the land in an unlawful manner, it said. The CBI cited sales and leases of 1,600 acres effected in favour of the New Thermal Power Corporation and Coastal Sirohi Power Ltd at Rs 12.50 lakh per acre. He got Rs 21 crore through this of which the state government had no knowledge, the CBI counter said.Prasad floated 15 real estate companies to acquire land and this was a ploy to escape from the purview of land reforms, it added. Although the cabinet memorandum approved by the council of ministers in 2008 did not give any concession to Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd on the land use conversion charges, the then revenue minister Dharmana Prasad Rao issued a GO on September 8, 2009 citing the name of the late YS Rajasekhara Reddy, the CBI counter said and urged the court not to grant bail to Prasad because that would jeopardize the ongoing probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610178", "title": "Approved in May, Tamil Nadu heritage commission remains on paper", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite a pro-active move in passing a bill in the state assembly in May to set up a Tamil Nadu Heritage Commission, the state government is yet to constitute the 16-member advisory body to protect structures with cultural and heritage value. The body is to be headed by a noted heritage conservationist.The comprehensive law was enacted to protect heritage buildings not covered by the Archaeological Survey of India or the state archaeology department. With the state map dotted with rich heritage and cultural buildings and properties, the objective of the law was to identify, restore and preserve these structures and advise the government about development programmes that might affect them.\"It is a positive step to have a law to challenge demolition of heritage buildings in the court. But, the commission has to be set up immediately,\" said historian V Sriram.Government sources told TOI that names have been shortlisted for secretary and nominees of Institute of Town Planners, INTACH and a non-government organisation for the commission, and will be announced soon.As more buildings are on the verge of demolition due to age and other external factors, the commission, when constituted, is expected to help check this. Activists say the teachers training institute in Saidapet, the Madrasa-i-asam on Anna Salai, the Beach house and Shankar Iyer House in Queen Mary's College for Women's premises that have stood the test of time may soon get demolished due to owners' indifference to their heritage value.The Bharat Insurance building on Anna Salai and Chepauk palace too may fall under the hammer soon. The commission will ensure that even private heritage buildings cannot be demolished.\"We hope the commission is set up soon to list heritage buildings across state,\" said Intach convener Dr Suresh.The listing of buildings in cities like Madurai, Kancheepuram, Kanyakumari and Srirangam will take several years, considering their rich culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609835", "title": "HC to decide fate of India's 'tallest' building", "text": "MUMBAI: The fate of Palais Royale, the under-construction skyscraper at Worli naka-touted to be India's tallest building-will be decided by the HC. A PIL filed by NGO Janhit Manch, seeking a stay on the constructuion, has alleged violation of rules in the proposed luxury building where flats are between 8,000 and 14,000 sq ft each.\"If the rules have not been followed, then the building has to go,\"' argued senior advocate Navroz Seervai, who along with advocate Jamshed Mistry represented the petitioner.Palais Royale, constructed by Shree Ram Urban Infrastructure Limited (SRBIL) on the land earlier owned by Shree Ram Mills Ltd, will rise to over 300 metres, while the tallest building is the twin Imperial Towers at 254 metres in Tardeo.Seervai claimed that various violations were committed, including misuse of refuge area space, which is free of floor space index (FSI) and has to be mandatorily kept open and is part of the non-saleable component. \"Of the over 3.90 lakh sq ft of refuge area, around 2.5 lakh have been sold to flat owners,\" Seervai told the division bench on Wednesday. The petitioners have pointed out to sale deeds where flat owners have been sold the refuge area under the heading of upper deck.According to the petitioners, the developer could construct beyond the 43rd floor only after building a free car park and handing it over to the BMC. This was, however, not done. Moreover, construction on the 28,409 square metres property had commenced after amalgamating two plots, without the BMC's permission, alleged the PIL. The petitioner further said that many concessions were given to the building by the BMC.SRBIL, in its affidavit, has claimed that it has complied with all the rules and has been granted all the relevant permissions.The BMC in its affidavit has claimed that permissions were given as per law. BMC counsel Virendra Saraf disputed the petitioner's claims that the corporation has not taken any action.\"The BMC has already issued stop work notices, which have been stayed by the civil court,\" said Saraf,adding that the civic body may file an additional affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15609724", "title": "Vatva to get modern waste-treatment plant", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The industrial hub of Vatva will have an enhanced waste treatment mechanism in place by March 2013.In addition to the multiple effect evaporators (MEE) that have been successfully deployed to treat the industrial waste at Naroda recently, the industrialists have decided to go in for installation of a clariflocculator as an additional measure at Vatva.\"Since Vatva is a much bigger area, we have decided to help the industrialists set up a clariflocculator. We are just a stimulator in the exercise that is to be completed at a cost of Rs 56 crores which also includes construction of an additional air tank in the area,\" said a Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) official. The official said that the facility in Vatva would cater to the needs of the around 1,200 industrial units in the area. Naroda on the other hand has around 300 chemical industrial units.In large water treatment plants, the flocculator allows sediments to settle in clumps and the clarifier which filters it out are combined together to achieve economy in construction. The combined unit is known as clariflocculator. It has two concentric tanks with inner tank serving as flocculation basin and outer tank serving as clarifier.After the waste treatment mechanism put in place in Naroda earlier this year, GPCB has decided to expedite work on the further improved mechanism in Vatva, which produces nearly 16 million litres of effluents per day. The facilities that are being put in place are in addition to the Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETPs).\"In terms of enhancement of facilities of industrial waste we do not mean an increase in the size or capacity of a facility. What we are looking at is an improvement in the quality of the treatment of the industrial waste,\" said a GPCB official.It was in June this year that an enhanced facility comprising a six-effect MEE started functioning in Naroda. The industrialists with the help of GPCB had gone in for construction of an electro coagulation treatment tank that helps segregate and oxidize the waste in an amicable manner. In addition to this, the aeration tank in the area is being augmented. The new facility at Naroda developed at a cost of Rs 15 crores aims at treating 300 million litres per day of effluents.After Vatva the next industrial area where the waste treatment facilities would be enhanced is Narol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608265", "title": "Youth fails to pay the loan, hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Prakash Shambharkar, a 25-year-old youth, hanged himself to the ceiling fan at his rented room in Buddha Nagar, on Wednesday morning.Pachpaoli police found a suicide note tugged in his shirt's collar. In the suicide note Prakash had mentioned that nobody should be blamed for his death.Prakash worked as a receptionist in a hotel. Police informed that Prakash stayed separately while his mother Kavita and elder brother lived together in the same area. Kavita informed that Prakash had taken loan from many. He was very disturbed as he had failed to repay it.On Wednesday morning, when Prakash's mother reached his room, she found him hanging by the ceiling fan. Cops have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15612825", "title": "Bodoland People's Front MLA Pradeep Brahma arrested for role in Assam violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: An MLA of Bodoland Peoples Front (BPF), which is an ally of the ruling Congress in Assam, was arrested in the wee hours on Thursday for his alleged involvement in the recent violence in the state.Pradeep Brahma, alias Gara, who represents Kokrajhar (West) constituency, was arrested from his house at Dotoma near Kokrajhar town at about 1am as seven cases had already been registered against him in several police stations.BPF is the ruling party of the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD) whose chief is Hagrama Mohilary.Following the arrest and Wednesday's violence in neighbouring Dhubri district in which two persons were killed, indefinite curfew was clamped in Kokrajhar district.Army staged flag march even as Brahma's supporters started picketing on the railway track and national highway 31.More than 80 persons have lost their lives and four lakh were rendered homeless in the violence in lower Assam districts of Korajhar, Dhubri and Chirang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613645", "title": "The Cambridge Rickshaw Theatre Project is back", "text": "From London to Lucknow seems a long way to travel to pass on theatrical know-how, but these students from the Cambridge University, UK are on a mission. We are talking about the members of the Cambridge Rickshaw Theatre Project -- Charlie Risius, Jack Parlett, Charly Halliady, Claire O'Brien, Susanne Curry, Sophie Harrold -- students of the famed Cambridge University, who are training disadvantaged children in Lucknow for a theatre show that will be showcased on August 24.The project is the brainchild of James Norton from Cambridge who initiated this in 2006 as an attempt to combine his passion for theatre, travelling and children. The project is run entirely by students, and every year the team visits several schools between Delhi and Nepal, with Lucknow having become a stopover for the last 2-3 years.The Cambridge theatre group landed in the city on August 20 for the project, which is in association with organizations working for the under privileged children, theatre person Pravin Chandra's theatre group and a book club in the city. Talking about the programme, Shachi Singh, coordinator for the children's organization, says, \"It's a wonder to see Sophie and her friends interact with the children. They have chosen very interesting themes also - stories of Snow White and Homer's Odyssey - with ample scope for the children to have fun as they learn a new skill.\"That fun is the key element to the entire exercise is something even the students' group agrees upon. Jack Parlett recounts his experience: \"The sheer free spiritedness these children bring on the stage is a sight. All of us have acting experience, but we take time to open up... But these children are completely uninhibited.\" An enthusiastic Sophie Harold chimes in, \"Even more interesting are the children's responses to the theme. We've noticed the maturity with which they have approached their acts. Perhaps it could be because of their unique experiences in life, considering they have often had to fend for themselves. And of course we are objects of amusement for them, the amount they laugh at us!\"Of the entire group, only Sussanne has visited India before and says the thing that enthused her the most then as it did now was the train rides across the countryside. \"Lucknow is just amazing,\" she smiles, adding, \"The team that had visited the city last year wrote such a great report about Lucknow that it became a clincher for us to make one more trip here. We went around Lucknow and when I saw the clock tower, I thought to myself, 'Wow, this is so like the Big Ben!'\"But as of now, rehearsals with children remains their focus. Charlie Risius says, \"Our effort is towards helping these children develop confidence in themselves and a team spirit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611263", "title": "Bank strike stalls business activities", "text": "SURAT: The business and commercial activities in the diamond city got crippled on Wednesday as the employees of the public sector banks participated in the two-day nationwide strike opposing banking sector reforms and outsourcing of non-core activities.About 8,000 employees of about 250 branches of PSU banks in the city participated in the strike crippling the daily transactions worth Rs 1,000 crore on Wednesday.As the HDFC bank was given the responsibility of the clearing house, over 26,000 cheques worth Rs 147 crore were cleared on Wednesday.About 150 to 200 striking employees under the leadership of the banking unions organized a protest programme at the State Bank of India's (SBI) Chowk Bazaar branch on Wednesday morning and shouted slogans against the central government protesting the banking sector reforms.Sources said that the strike call was given by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), an umbrella organisation of nine unions of employees and officers of the PSU banks, protesting the banking sector reforms and unilateral implementation of the Khandelwal committee report on human resources management in PSU banks. The strike has been called against government's policies of liberalization, privatization and globalization.\"The strike is going on normally and all the bank employees with the PSU banks have participated. We are demanding revision of pension, housing loan revision, a five-day working week and human resource-related issues,\" said a senior SBI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15614272", "title": "Curiosity spots mysterious 'UFO' zooming across Mars' horizon", "text": "LONDON: NASA's Curiosity rover has captured a strange white light dancing across the horizon of Mars and four blobs hovering in the sky, which UFO hunters claim are alien ships monitoring humans' baby steps into the universe.While the images are certainly a curiosity, NASA and photography experts insist they are nothing more than blemishes on the images, picked up by the camera lens sitting on the rover at a distance of 350 million miles away.NASA has not commented on any of the strange sightings so far, but alien hunters have suggested that these are alien ships monitoring humans' baby steps into the universe , the 'Daily Mail' reported.YouTube user StephenHannardADGUK, part of a group called Alien Disclosure UK, spotted the anomalies on the NASA images, publicly available on the space agency's website, and applied a series of filters to try to shed light on the mystery.\"Four objects caught by Mars Curiosity, very difficult to make out on original image so I have used a few filters to highlight,\" the paper quoted him as saying, referring to the four pin-points of light pictured in the skies of Mars.\"What are these four objects? UFOs, Dust particles, or something else? As always you decide,\" the user said.According to the Huffington Post , video analyst Marc Dantonio, who has worked on projects for the US government , said that these are simply 'dead pixels' in the image - a regular problem in the world of graphics.Another video appears to show an object rising from the horizon, followed shortly afterwards by another small object.Curiosity, a six-wheeled vehicle the size of a compact car, landed inside a vast, ancient impact crater near Mars' equator on August 6 after an eight-month, 570-million-Km voyage through space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610552", "title": "US firm plans Rs 580 crore solar power project in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: A US-based agency, Schanti Partners, New York, has expressed its keen interest in investing Rs 580 crore for a solar energy project in Kaimur district of Bihar. Initially, a 10MW unit would be set up. The agency has already submitted its proposal to the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) and received approval from the Bihar State Investment Promotion Board as also no-objection letter from Bihar Renewable Energy Development Agency (BREDA).The agency intends to enter into a 25-year Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with BSEB. The proposed PPA rate is Rs 12.50/kWh.This would be a part of the 50MW project to be set up in a phase-wise manner (10x5 MW). This foreign investment in Bihar will create jobs for local people and boost economic development. \"With the setting up of this solar energy plant, Bihar will emerge as a leader in solar energy development among eastern states of India,\" said an official.The project would be executed by 'Sparkle Solar Bihar I', a fully-owned subsidiary of Schanti Partners LLC, incorporated in the state of Delaware, USA. The project will use photovoltaic technology. The equipment would be sourced from Sol Focus Inc., a US solar equipment manufacturer.This technology is based on Concentrating Photovoltaic (CPV) system, which is PV technology with an optical system that focuses sunlight over a large area onto each cell. CPV technology is the latest in its field, said an expert.The agency will acquire land privately, without seeking it from Bihar industrial land bank. As per the proposal, the project will lease land directly from the owners for a 30-year term, in lieu of annual lease payments to them.The financing for the project has already been secured, with a letter of intent from the Export-Import Bank of the US. The letter of intent provides for approximately $30 million in financial support, depending upon various factors, including the extent of US-made solar power equipment.Southeastern region of Bihar has one of the highest solar insolation rates in the world, with over 330 sunshine days in a year. Kaimur district has robust electricity infrastructure, with grid connectivity and nearby electrical substations. Power lines of 33kV and 132kV and electrical substations are already in place in the district.Bihar government last year formulated a renewable energy policy, which approved 175MW of grid-connected solar power projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609491", "title": "Police plan to help criminals reform ignored", "text": "NASHIK: An initiative by the city police in Panchavati that was launched last month to reform youth prone to take to a life of crime has no takers. Criminals who are history-sheeters have reportedly cold shouldered the move.Under the Gunhegar Dattak Yojana (Criminal Adoption Scheme), the Panchavati police had decided to organise yoga and meditation camps, for juveniles in a bid to change their attitude.An announcement regarding the programme was made on July 25 by the Panchavati police. Cops decided to present a new life approach to nearly 250 accused youths. As part of the initiaitve they had decided to organize not only yoga camps, but also aid to secure jobs or loans for small trade.However, the camps have met with very little success. \"The concerned youth have not shown interest in the camps, but we will not stop our effort. We will continue to make every possible attempt to reform them,\" said senior police inspector Bajirao Bhosale. He added that most targeted youth had said they had ongoing occupations due to which they could not commit to the camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15607952", "title": "India beat Syria in Nehru Cup opener", "text": "NEW DELHI: The odds were stacked heavily against India. Blinding rain, heavy underfoot conditions, a new coach professing a new style and a higher-ranked Syria posed serious questions to Wim Koevermans' men in blue in their Nehru Cup opener at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Wednesday.Schedule and Results |  Points TableCaptain Sunil Chhetri is not one to be ruffled by such riddles. He rose to the occasion at the stroke of half-time to bury a powerful header that decided the fate of the match and perhaps showed the road ahead.In the second session, when experienced Anthony Pereira replaced debutant Sanju Pradhan late in the second session, the Dempo midfielder made it count with a thumping finish.Syria's Alaa Alshabbali pulled one back with a header but it was too late as the curtains were about to drop on the rain-drenched theatre.By then, Sanju must have impressed his Dutch boss with enterprising runs and down the right. The young East Bengal midfielder justified Koevermans' brave decision to give newcomers an opportunity to shine. If Sanju showed he is not just a flash in the pan, Lenny Rodrigues in central midfield and Francisco Fernandes up front also staked their claim.Chhetri who led gallantly from the front but other seniors like Gourmangi Singh and Syed Rahim Nabi in the defence and Mehtab and Clifford Miranda in the midfield gave India the shape they needed to keep the Syrians at bay.It was India's third victory on home soil against the West Asians in recent past but it's their first in the group stage. In 2007 and 2009, India lost in the group stage to Syria but went on to beat them in the final.The victory may not exorcise the bitter memories of Kathmandu, where India were shamed by three successive losses in the AFC Challenge Cup. It may not raise visions of a great team in the making, but for Koevermans, it's been a dream debut Wednesday.His team was off the blocks quicker and often winning the gritty midfield battles till rain came. It poured so heavily that the Uzbek referee had to stop the game for around 10 minutes. When the contest resumed, it turned out to be a completely different ball game as the heavy underfoot conditions made it almost impossible to pass. As the Indians faltered in keeping possession and Syria laid siege around the Indian box, Clifford \u2014 'incredible Clifford' as Koevermans later said - chose to burst through.His sturdy run down the left and the inviting cross was too much for Chhetri to ignore. He leaped high to give India the lead.A huge battle was still to be won in the second session and Indians regrouped and kept punting high balls towards Chhetri wide on the flanks. It was basically safety-first as controlling and passing was getting difficult on the heavy pitch.However, it didn't stop Pereira from noticing that the Syrian goalkeeper was off his line and when Lenny Rodrigues picked him on the right, his looping left-footer snuffed out all aspirations of a West Asian comeback.India 2 (Chhetri 45th, Pereira 84th)Syria 1 (Alshabbli, 90th)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609310", "title": "Love your street food? It can kill you", "text": "KOLKATA: How safe is that mouth-watering biryani sold in Dalhousie or the delicious cutlets at the roadside eateries? A sample test done by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) reveals an alarming result. It says most street food contains hazardous chemical ingredients.KMC's food and adulteration department officials said 255 food samples have been tested in the last one year. Poisonous chemical ingredients were found in 51 of them, which is more than 20% of all samples tested. These chemical substances are being used by vendors to give a colour coat on vegetables and other street food to make them look more attractive to the customers.For example, tests on cutlets sold in places like Dalhousie and Esplanade revealed that they contain high quantity of metanil yellow, a dangerous chemical substance. This chemical can even cause cancer if consumed for a long period of time, say experts.Samples of biryani were found with a chemical substance known as Tartrazine, which can cause liver cirrhosis and cancer if consumed excessively.In sweets like bonde, danadar and laddu, metanil yellow has been found in very high quantity. The sauce used in rolls or chowmein contains rhodamine that can also cause liver cirrhosis.It has also been found that the fat on cottage cheese should have being stored sucked up to be used later in other sweets. A case was lodged against a reputable confectionary shop for resorting to this method.It was also found that pepper is poured in a bucket full of kerosene to keep it fresh for a longer time.The findings also show that the vegetables that we buy from the markets are not safe either. Vegetables like 'potol' contains copper sulphate and diamond green, which if consumed in excess can hit the nervous system and liver. The colour used to mix these chemical substances can't be removed even after a wash. In haldi too, lead chromade is used. Red potatoes were found containing congored rhodamine, which can even lead to blindness if had in excess. Auramine and tartrazine are being used in adhar dal.Vegetables and street food apart, even fish we eat is not free from dangerous chemicals. Congored rhodamine is used to ensure ears of fish remain bright red, which means the fish is fresh. In late eighties, over 125 people were paralyzed after taking adulterated oil in Behala. Buyers normally look out for this redness to see if the fish is fresh. But little are they aware that the redness is actually engineered to fool them.Officials of KMC's food and adulteration department said that in most cases, nothing much could be done against offenders even if cases are being registered against them.Member, mayor-in-council (food and adulteration), Partha Pratim Hazari, said: \"We cannot do much on this with the existing rules. From August, a new Food Standard and Safety Act has been introduced on Tuesday. We can now take some action as it will have some provisions, which are not there in the existing act,\" he said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that a new food inspector will be appointed to revamp the entire food and adulteration department and a decision has been taken to modernize the laboratory. \"Officers have been told to increase vigil,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608711", "title": "En route Latur, MP CM Chouhan meets RSS chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsingh Chouhan on Wednesday had a closed-door meeting with Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat for an hour at Mahal headquarters of the RSS. Later he flew to Latur to meet family members of departed Congress leader and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh .Chouhan reached here by a special flight just before 11am and drove to Mahal where he had one-on-one talks with the RSS chief. Chouhan was tight-lipped about the visit right from his arrival at the airport when he refused to speak to reporters waiting for him. Later, while leaving the RSS offices he again declined comment. The RSS traditionally does not interact with media on such political visits.Significantly, Chouhan reached the city a couple of hours after BJP national president Nitin Gadkari left for Delhi. Also, the visit came amid speculation that Chauhan too was a potential prime ministerial candidate. Already, there was confusion after Bhagwat first questioned the rationale in any opposition to having a pro-Hindutva aspirant for the PM post, hinting that Narendra Modi could stay in the race. But soon afterwards Bhagwat also sang praise of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and his role in improving situation in Bihar.Chouhan is known to enjoy close ties and support of RSS leadership. His work as chief minister for two consecutive terms, and especially the success in tackling the female infanticide problem by giving monetary benefits to every girl child, has earned him accolades. His non-controversial image and ability to carry all sections of the society together could add to his credit points and elevation to the Centre if the BJP-led NDA manages to win 2014 elections, party sources indicated.Chouhan's personal staff said because of his tight schedule for Independence Day, the chief minister was unable to go to Babhalgaon on August 15 for Deshmukh's cremation. He took time out now for meeting family members of the departed leader at Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608899", "title": "Corporations spar over Sushil Kumar's party", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly trifurcated municipal corporations are fighting amongst themselves over who will throw a party in celebration of Sushil Kumar's victory in Olympics.BJP, the ruling party in three corporations, had asked the mayors earlier to hold a party together and reward Rs 15 lakh to Kumar. However, Sushil Kumar became a bone of contention after North Corporation formed a committee to oversee the party arrangements, leaving its other two counterparts bitter.\"The corporations were supposed to throw the bash together. But North Corporation took the lead by forming a special committee, keeping its counterparts out of the loop. They didn't even consult any senior party leader,\" said a BJP councillor of South Corporation (who did not wish to be named).With North Corporation already arranging the party, sources in South Corporation claim they will reward the double of other corporations. \"Kumar deserves a grand welcome and we will throw a lavish party for him,\" added the BJP councillor. However, North Delhi Mayor has claimed that a meeting with senior leaders of all the three Corporations will be held before finalizing anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "markapuram (prakasam)", "code": "15609665", "title": "25K slate industry workers face layoff", "text": "MARKAPURAM (PRAKASAM): The world famous Rs 150-crore slate industry of Markapuram is looking down the barrel following the announcement of power holidays for industries. In fact, the power shocker has left the employment of nearly 25,000 workers in jeopardy.Young entrepreneurs, who took over the small-scale units and pumped huge amounts to revive the slate units, are now struggling to sustain production. \"It is a shocker for us as we had resumed production in one of the quarries after clearing all the olddues by investing nearly Rs 10 crore. Repayment to the bankers will be a huge burden if we have to close three days a week and run only around12-18 hours the remaining four days,\" rued K Amarnath, a young businessman.Nearly 150 designer slate units operate in and around Markapuram. The slates that areproduced here are used for interior and exterior designing of structures. \"It has a distinct design and style due to which it has gained popularity in the international market. These clay slates give an antique touch to the structures,\" Dubai-returned architect Mohammed Hakeem told TOI.The exports are spread across US, Middle East, Singapore and Malaysia . Markapuram was once home to over 400 units. A few closed down because of environmental issues and a few others were wound up after running into severe losses following reduction in export orders after the global slowdown.Though financial institutions started extending loans to the entrepreneurs, the power shutdowns have served a death blow to the beleaguered industry, say market analysts. \"The slate industry in the parched lands of Markapuram division is the only hope to check the migration of labour from the region. The closure of the slate polishing units and quarries will be a big loss to the local youth and unemployed.The government must step in to protect the industry,\" demanded local legislator Kandula Narayana Reddy of TDP.While 1.4 lakh unit of power is required to run all the units, the discom is supplying 60,000-70000 units only. With the declaration of three-day power holiday, the units are at their wit's end on how to tide over the crisis and pay the wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15614247", "title": "Tamil Nadu governor pays homage to freedom fighter Pantulu", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah on Thursday paid homage to freedom fighter Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu on the occasion of his 140th \"Jayanthi Day.\"Hailing Pantulu as a \"great freedom fighter\" in India's independence struggle, Rosaiah said the former had stood in the forefront particularly in the Quit India Movement in 1942.\"His braveness attracted the people of this country. He underwent imprisonment for a long time for the sake of our nation's independence from the foreign yoke,\" he said, recalling that Pantulu later acted as chief minister of the Joint Madras State besides serving as chief minister of the State of Andhra with Karnool as Headquarters.\"On the occasion of his 140th Jayanthi Day, I pay my homage and respects to the great leader late Prakasam Pantulu,\" he said in a Raj Bhavan statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609613", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi demands govt to declare 'power emergency' in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Wednesday demanded the government to declare a 'power emergency' in the state and called for an austerity drive in terms of power utilization in the government establishments. Party legislator K Tarakarama Rao said the government must prevail upon the Centre to release unallocated power to the state. While urging the government to immediately initiate the austerity drive, KTR said air-conditioners in the government offices, decorative lamps on the assembly hall premises and neon-lit hoardings of government advertisements on roadsides should be switched off as an immediate step to save power.Addressing a press conference here on Wednesday, he asked the government to explore all possible means to resolve the crisis, including purchase of power from private generators, and convincing the Centre to release the unallocated power.Meanwhile, the TRS MLAs continued their 'deeksha' at the Bolarum police station where they were kept since Tuesday evening after their arrest, KTR led his party activists to gherao the ministers' quarters before police took him into custody and released him later. Two other MLAs -- Ravinder Reddy and Vinay Bhaskar -- who were sent to Chanchalguda jail after they created a ruckus inside the APTransco joint managing director's office on Tuesday were released on bail in the evening. They were later granted bail after being produced in the Nampally court.In the meantime, the party legislators led by floor leader in the assembly Etela Rajender and deputy floor leader Harish Rao continued their deeksha on Wednesday at the Bolarum police station where the situation turned tense when the cops pulled down a temporary tent erected by them. Following heated arguments, the agitators re-erected the tent. Later in the evening, the legislators called off their deeksha following chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's assurance on meeting their demands. They were brought to the police station on Tuesday after they tried to launch a protest demanding seven-hour uninterrupted power supply to the Telangana farmers and tried to lay a siege to the Vidyut Soudha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15611007", "title": "Bank strike hits business transactions in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The two-day nationwide bank strike that began on Wednesday affected business transactions across the country.The bank employees boycotted work to protest against the government decision to outsource jobs alleging that it will lead to scarcity of permanent jobs in the banking sector.Stating that the government is outsourcing bank jobs in a pre-planned manner, a union leader said the policies of the Central government are against the interest of bank employees.He said the facilities offered to bank employees by the government through an agreement are not being provided by the bank management. Later, the employees held a meeting at State Bank of India main branch where it was decided to intensify their agitation if the demands of employees are not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610276", "title": "'Inspection\u2019 at ex-Team Anna member\u2019s NGO draws flak", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government conducted an \"inspection\" at erstwhile Team Anna member Manish Sisodia's NGO to check documents related to foreign donations received by it, drawing flak from his associates who described it as a \"witch hunt\".The inspection was conducted at the office of NGO Kabir in east Delhi's Pandav Nagar on Tuesday and Wednesday.According to Sisodia, a team from the home ministry examined documents related to foreign contribution to the NGO.The authorities had sent a letter to Kabir on August 3 seeking explanation on foreign contributions received by the NGO. Close aides of Sisodia claimed that the authorities have alleged that the funds were used for the agitation for Lokpal Bbill. The NGO denied the charge and has replied to the letter.However, authorities decided to physically verify the claims.Slamming the government move, members of disbanded Team Anna asked as to who would probe the allegations of corruption against the ministers. \"We are not against this probe. We are cooperating with it. This is good. In fact, we have written to them asking to probe us and if they find that we are guilty, give us double punishment,\" Sisodia said.\"However, the question is that what the government will do with the CAG report on coal. Will they file an FIR?\" he asked claiming that Kabir had not received any foreign contribution after 2009.Activist Arvind Kejriwal said, \"Govt may send all its agencies against us. If anything wrong is found, give us double punishment...But who would investigate you n your ministers...?\" Kejriwal tweeted.Another erstwhile Team Anna member Kiran Bedi tweeted, \"shameful witch hunt. Strengthening people's resolve to vote this govt out of power the moment people get a chance to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15610711", "title": "Jayalalithaa to inaugurate Annadhanam Scheme", "text": "TRICHY: Chief minister Jayalalithaa is all set to launch one more welfare scheme in her Srirangam constituency. This time, the scheme would not only benefit the people of Srirangam constituency, but all the devotees of Lord Sri Renganathar as the famous temple would dish out daylong 'annadhanam' for the first time from September 3 when the chief minister is expected to officially inaugurate the scheme. Sources in the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department also said that in addition to the Srirangam temple, the Palani Murugan temple would also be brought under this scheme.At present, the temple offers 'annadhanam' from 12 noon to 1pm every day for about 200 devotees daily on a first-come-first-served basis. State finance minister O Panneerselvam in his budget speech in March had announced that the project would be extended throughout the day from 8am to 10pm. Moreover, the free lunch scheme would be extended to 50 more temples in the state, taking the total number of temples offering this service to 518. The free lunch ritual at the temples was first launched by Jayalalithaa in 2002. The chief minister will also give out freebies to a large number of beneficiaries.In fact, five ministers - O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan, K P Munusamy, N R Sivapathy, and R Vaidyalingam - surveyed the area last Monday where the government function would be held. On Wednesday, AIADMK legislators Paranjothi, Manoharan, Poonatchi, mayor A Jaya, deputy mayor Asick Meera, district collector Jayashree Muralidharan and scores of the ruling party's councillors visited the spot - the confluence of South and East Chithirai Streets and the ceremonial \"Kaalkozh vizha\" (a sort of foundation laying with a pole) was conducted in style. Incidentally, this was the same place where Jayalalithaa addressed the public when she came here to thank the voters of Srirangam constituency.A new shed is being erected near the Sesharaya Mandapam in Srirangam temple to accommodate the devotees participating in the free meal programme. The shed would accommodate 100 people and with this a total of 200 people would now take their food at any given time and this would continue through the day until 10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609617", "title": "Maharashtra to aid talukas with less than 75% rainfall", "text": "NASHIK: Even as elected representatives scurry to claim a share of drought assistance being offered by the state, the Maharashtra government on Tuesday created new norms to accommodate more talukas under the Drought-Prone Area Programme (DPAP). The new norms mean talukas with less 75% of normal rainfall or sowing will be now be eligible for financial and other assistance under the DPAP.A decision was also taken to release Rs 270 crore as aid, under low wage employment schemes, to nearly 117 talukas which have received less than 75% of normal rainfall and below average sowing. Already, with several areas in the state reeling under an unprecedented drought, there is a flood of applications from MLAs requesting the government to undertake smaller water supply and irrigation schemes in their constituencies.Earlier, the state government did not have separate norms to identify DPAP talukas but was releasing aid to those talukas with below 50% rainfall or sowing. Apart from assistance under the low wage employment schemes, the DPAP talukas are provided with the possibility of development of local water resources, intra-basin transfer of surplus water, and help in completion of irrigation projects. The decision to put in place new DPAP norms was taken by a committee of ministers, including relief and rehabilitation, EGS, and tribal affairs departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613366", "title": "We are proud of our originality: Virsa Punjab", "text": "After performing in front of billions of people watching worldwide, we briefly caught up with UK Based Bhangra group 'Virsa Punjab' - To talk about the Olympic London 2012 Experience &amp; much more!They have also made available the music used in their Olympic routine as an exclusive free download!Firstly, we would like to congratulate Virsa Punjab on such an achievement. As we know Bhangra is known worldwide but here, in the UK it is fast becoming a craze, with the likes of Non-Asian British media utilising the music and dance. So, tell us how do you think your performance went? We had a feeling it went well on the day but wasn't sure because we was taken back by the magnitude of the event, all the cast backstage reassured us that our segment was something different and enjoyable.How was your team selected as an exhibition act? We approached the Olympic casting team and were selected; they were looking to create something different. And after seeing what we had to offer they were blown away.How long did rehearsals take and was it to be top secret? Rehearsals started way back in April and went from an hour long audition to 10 hour days at dress rehearsals, and yes indeed it was secret, known to all cast as 'save the surprise'.Tell me the history of Virsa Punjab, when was it established? Who founded the group? Gurdeep and Prabjeet being friends from university both shared a passion for their culture; they decided to establish a Bhangra group to portray our Punjabi heritage: Virsa Punjab Bhangra was established in 2002, currently known as VP Entertainments.What made your team members practise bhangra as an art form form? All of our members have an interest for the Punjabi culture hence learning and teaching our culture to the next generation is an important and enjoyable experience for us, our passion is what keeps us wanting to progress from strength to strength.What do you understand by the term UK Bhangra? I think you can distinguish between UK and India Bhangra in terms of the sound and flavour, which differs from either country. UK Bhangra has taken an influence from western music and fused the two together to tailor for a more western audience.We hear you have a single coming out soon, can you give us any more information on this? Brothers Gin and Rees also apart of Virsa Punjab Entertainments (VP Ents) have always had a love for music and production. They have produced their debut single 'Sanu the Changa', set to release on the 23rd August 2012.What part does your Bhangra group play in shaping how Bhangra is perceived here in the UK? Having already performed on some of the biggest and most prestigious events in the UK. We have also hit a worldwide platform after the London 2012 closing ceremony I think we have pushed Bhangra to a commercial audience and will continue to do so to create a positive impact for the Bhangra culture in the UK.Has Virsa Punjab ever competed in Bhangra Competitions before? We haven't as of yet, but we may do in the near future.What makes your team \"stand out\" from all other UK Bhangra groups? We pride ourselves on our costumes, style, and originality.In your opinion where do you see the future of UK Bhangra? In terms of Bhangra music we believe that it will combine into the UK commercial mainstream market sometime in the not to distant future.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15611297", "title": "The kill pills: Lab test in Tamil Nadu rates 7 % drugs as 'substandard'", "text": "Every time, Parvathy Chandrasekar doles out antibiotics to tuberculosis patients under the government's DOTS (directly observed treatment short course) programme, she opens the capsules and closes them. \"You never know,\" she says, \"if the capsules are empty or have the drug inside.\"In the past year, Parvathy, a DOTS provider, has found several empty capsules of rifampicin. She made this check a routine since last October, when she accidentally pressed open one of the rifampicin capsules and found it empty. The Kodumal designated microscopy centre in Trichy replaced the drugs.TB, caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis, can be fatal, but is curable with a cocktail of antibiotics. Rifampicin is among this combination of first-line drugs that include ethambutol, isoniazid and pyrazinamide. \"It is a serious concern. It could slow down cure or even make the patient resistant to the bacteria. We made a complaint to the district health officials, but it wasn't investigated,\" said Gnana Sekar, who works with Annai Trust.State drugs controller Dr G Selvaraj says he is concerned not only about rifampicin,but a variety of drugs that are found to be substandard. In the last five years, his office has found drugs for diabetes , high blood pressure and heart diseases to be of inferior quality. Vitamin tablets, steroids and cough syrups have also been found to be useless.\"Not all of them are harmful, but many of them may not yield the desired results because many do not have the prescribed strength of the active ingredient,\" said Dr G Selvaraj. And that can be dangerous.In 2012, more than 4,110 drugs were tested by the state drug testing laboratory. It found 284 (nearly 7%) were \"not of standard quality.\" Earlier this year, samples of a steroid, prednisone, taken from the government supply, had 'nil' content of the active ingredient. The drug is administered for respiratory disorder and pain relief.In March 2009, government hospitals were found to be using spurious antiseptic povidone iodine. The solution, which should be brown, was found to be colourless. The same year, the state government busted a series of spurious drug rackets which collected expired drugs from dump yards to be cleaned and relabelled. The CB-CID is investigation the case.At least one-third of cases filed under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act deals with substandard and spurious drugs, sharply reflecting the public health hazards posed by a network of unscrupulous pharmaceutical companies, distributors and retailers. Since April this year, 120 cases have been filed by the state drug control directorate for variousoffences.\"If thereis an increase in the number of spurious drugs cases in the recent years, it is because the crackdown,\" said former director of drugs control Dr M Bhaskaran. The health department, which did not have enough drug inspectors till a year ago, now have 150 of them across the state, including 45 in Chennai.Experts in the pharma industry say there are still loopholes in the system. For instance, the government does not monitor if expired drugs are safely disposed and the punishment continues to be minimal. Though the department claims that the conviction rate has been 99% in the last two years, the fine amount is less than Rs 1 lakh. Cases of imprisonment have been rare. In 2009, the penalty for manufacture of spurious drugs was increased to a minimum of 10 years\u2014which may extend to a life term \u2014 and a minimum fine of Rs 10 lakh or three times the value of the drugs confiscated, whichever is higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609683", "title": "Dargah panel gets going on Manikonda Jagir case", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the AP State Wakf Board is still struggling to prepare a counter in the Manikonda Jagir case to the Supreme Court order of May 8, the managing committee of the Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali Dargah has already filed an application in the apex court.In the application filed last month, the committee which is respondent number one, has sought clarification and modification to the SC's interim order which stayed the April 3 order of the AP High Court. The high court had rejected the claims of the state government, AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation and some corporate entities including Lanco Hills Technology Park Private Ltd. (LHTPPL), over 1,654 acre and 32 gunta land located in Manikonda and an adjacent village and said that the entire property was wakf land.The applicant prayed that the SC order be restricted to LHTPPL and it should be confined to the constructed portion of the 100 acre land under the possession of that company. It also said that LHTPPL should not be allowed to carry out any new construction or alienate the property.Giving details, the applicant said that the property has been a conditional grant for the service of the Dargah since 1839. It was finally endorsed by the government and mentioned in the Muntakhab (official records) in 1935. The Muntakhab records were later endorsed by the Atiyat Court and then by the high court. Since the property had acquired the status of wakf, it would remain so in future even if it was not registered under the Wakf Act of 1995. Under the Act it is deemed registered. It maintained that the Hyderabad Jagir Abolition Regulation of 1949 was not applicable to this land.The applicant claimed that the LHTPPL did not buy the land in public auction since there was none. The Lanco Hills violated the agreement with the APIIC which said that the land was given only for the purpose of developing an IT park. Towers containing residential apartments were constructed and offered to the public on sale.Committee president Afzal Mehdi told TOI that he was expecting the court to take up the application within the next few days. \"We have informed the AP State Wakf Board about the application filed. We haven't heard anything from them yet,\" he said. Sources said the State Wakf Board has still to get its act together on the crucial case. \"The board chairman and some members will be meeting soon to finalize lawyers to fight the case in Supreme Court,\" they said.Meanwhile, observers believe that those persons who had filed PILs in the high court some time back in the case should file SLPs in the Supreme Court to demonstrate the community concern on the status of wakf properties.The apex court is scheduled to hear the case on its interim order on September 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611187", "title": "PVVNL to start special drive for revenue collection soon in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) will begin a special drive for revenue collection and disconnection of lines from August 23 to 31. The managing director of PVVNL, AP Mishra issued instructions to the officials on Wednesday and asked them to ensure disconnection of lines of all defaulters having dues of above Rs 5,000.The executive engineers (distribution) were asked to look after the drive in their respective areas. According to PVVNL spokesperson, a list of 33 officials was also announced for this work. These officials would submit daily report of the activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610096", "title": "No CPT for high scorers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students who have scored 55 per cent and above in undergraduate and post-graduate commerce degree courses and 60 per cent and above in other branches will be exempted from taking the entry-level Common Proficiency Test (CPT). They will be able to secure direct entry into chartered accountancy courses.This was one of the three major decisions taken by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) recently. Students who have cleared the intermediary exam of company secretary won't have to take the CPT either.President of the ICAI Ahmedabad chapter Jainik Vakil said that final-year graduation students will henceforth be given the option of registering for the Integrated Professional Competence Course (IPCC). They will be allowed articleship and after nine months they will be eligible for the IPCC.For this year, students who register themselves before September 30 can appear in the IPCC exam, to be held in May 2013.Vakil said that the decisions were welcome for a state like Gujarat where many students aim to make a career in chartered accountancy.\"The decisions will enable more students to realize their CA dream faster,\" Vakil said. \"The exemption given to those who score 55 per cent and above will allow students to pay more attention to BCom degree education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614597", "title": "Rooting out rumors, epidemics, and crime - with math", "text": "A team of EPFL scientists has developed an algorithm that can identify the source of an epidemic or information circulating within a network, a method that could also be used to help with criminal investigationsInvestigators are well aware of how difficult it is to trace an unlawful act to its source. The job was arguably easier with old, Mafia-style criminal organisations, as their hierarchical structures more or less resembled predictable family trees.In the Internet age, however, the networks used by organised criminals have changed. Innumerable nodes and connections escalate the complexity of these networks, making it ever more difficult to root out the guilty party. EPFL researcher Pedro Pinto of the Audiovisual Communications Laboratory and his colleagues have developed an algorithm that could become a valuable ally for investigators, criminal or otherwise, as long as a network is involved. The team's research was published on August 10, 2012, in the journal, Physical Review Letters.Finding the source \"Using our method, we can find the source of all kinds of things circulating in a network just by 'listening' to a limited number of members of that network,\" explains Pinto. Suppose you come across a rumor about yourself that has spread on Facebook and been sent to 500 people - your friends, or even friends of your friends. How do you find the person who started the rumor? \"By looking at the messages received by just 15-20 of your friends, and taking into account the time factor, our algorithm can trace the path of that information back and find the source,\" Pinto adds. This method can also be used to identify the origin of a spam message or a computer virus using only a limited number of sensors within the network.Trace the propagation Out in the real world, the algorithm can be employed to find the primary source of an infectious disease, such as cholera. \"We tested our method with data on an epidemic in South Africa provided by EPFL professor Andrea Rinaldo's Ecohydrology Laboratory,\" says Pinto. \"By modeling water networks, river networks, and human transport networks, we were able to find the spot where the first cases of infection appeared by monitoring only a small fraction of the villages.\"The method would also be useful in responding to terrorist attacks, such as the 1995 sarin gas attack in the Tokyo subway , in which poisonous gas released in the city's subterranean tunnels killed 13 people and injured nearly 1,000 more. \"Using this algorithm, it wouldn't be necessary to equip every station with detectors. A sample would be sufficient to rapidly identify the origin of the attack, and action could be taken before it spreads too far,\" says Pinto.Identifying the brains Computer simulations of the telephone conversations that could have occurred during the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, were used to test Pinto's system.\"By reconstructing the message exchange inside the 9/11 terrorist network extracted from publicly released news, our system spit out the names of three potential suspects - one of whom was found to be the mastermind of the attacks, according to the official enquiry.\"The validity of this method thus has been proven a posteriori. But according to Pinto, it could also be used preventatively - for example, to understand an outbreak before it gets out of control.\"By carefully selecting points in the network to test, we could more rapidly detect the spread of an epidemic,\" he points out. It could also be a valuable tool for advertisers who use viral marketing strategies by leveraging the Internet and social networks to reach customers. For example, this algorithm would allow them to identify the specific Internet blogs that are the most influential for their target audience and to understand how in these articles spread throughout the online community.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15610644", "title": "3 murders, 1 carjacking, no clue", "text": "LUDHIANA: With three coldblooded murders and a carjacking rocking the city in August, it's been a 'criminal month' so far for Ludhiana. But what's alarming is that police have not been able to gain any major leads in any of these cases.It all began when 22-year-old Maninder Kaur was found murdered and her body dumped on Pakhowal Road on the evening of August 7. A manager at a fast food joint in a Ferozepur Road mall, Maninder belonged to Gurdaspur. One of the suspects in the case, Sandeep Kaur was traced after a couple of days but police haven't been able to extract any information from her as she was under treatment at civil hospital after she reportedly attempted suicide. The main suspect in the case, Sandeep's husband Deepraj Singh, is on the run. Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) Joginder Singh said raids were being conducted to find Deepraj and they were hopeful of nabbing him soon. He added that with Kotwali police station finally arresting Sandeep, she had been sent to judicial remand and they would obtain her production warrants soon.On August 13, a gang war raised its ugly face in the city when 23-year-old Pinku Kumar was shot dead in Daba. The leader of rival Boxer Gang, Rajesh Kumar alias Boxer, allegedly killed Pinku, leader of Pinku Gang. Police registered a case but the accused is absconding. Admitting that they have been unable to trace Boxer, Daba SHO Jatinderjit Singh said investigation was on. Police are also clueless in the murder case of Sukhjinder Singh, a 34-year-old money changer of Rahon Road. He was brutally killed in his office on the morning of August 17. Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 4) Sushil Kumar said they were working on various theories so that the accused could be nabbed soon.For city-based hosiery businessman Rishu Kwatra, the evening of August 19 turned terrorizing when three men, two toting guns, snatched his car from near a mall on Ferozepur Road. The criminals reportedly also looted gold ornaments that Kwatra's wife was wearing. Though the police released the suspects' sketches, no arrests have been made. Additional SHO of Sarabha Nagar Dharampal said CIA teams were also working on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610094", "title": "3rd round of ME admissions soon; 692 seats still vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The third round for admissions in ME will be held shortly. Officials of the admission committee said that 3,932 seats had remained vacant in the ME courses after the first round of admissions. After the second round, 692 seats have remained vacant. The third round of admissions will be held soon to fill as many seats as possible. Later the seats will be given to the colleges for filling.Officials said that 181 seats are vacant in mechanical engineering branch while 54 seats are vacant in electronics and communication. In electronics, 36 seats are vacant as compared to 32 seats in computer engineering. Officials said that 2,496 seats have remained vacant in the MPharm courses but there are little chances to fill any more seats in this branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611116", "title": "'Bring banking services under ESMA'", "text": "INDORE: The business community in the state has demanded that banking services must be covered under the essential services maintenance act (ESMA) to prevent frequent disruption of services by way of strikes. Madhya Pradesh has lost about Rs 18,000 crore on Wednesday due to the strike by staff of public sector banks.The strike call has been given by the united forum of bank unions (UFBU) to protest against Union government's move to push amendment to banking laws bill which is placed in Parliament.The fact that the banking regulations do not permit cash transactions beyond Rs 20,000 and that most businessmen who transact business much beyond this limit are badly hit by bank strike. The two-day nationwide banking strike which began on Wednesday is estimated to affect transactions worth Rs 3,600 crore in the state.Ramesh Khandelwal, president, Ahilya Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, talking to TOI said, \"In Indore alone the business transactions to the tune of Rs 620 crore was take place on a daily basis and the banking strike has virtually crippled business activity.\" Ashok Kandelia, president, Association of Industries, Dewas has demanded that the banking services must be covered under ESMA, keeping in view the problems being faced by the business community.There is an attempt to close down rural branches and starting large number of ultra small branches thereby privatizing rural banking operations through contractual business correspondent-to recover increasing NPA's and bad loan, said C H Venkatachalam, general secretary, AIBEA.Ranjan Memani, vice chairman, CII MP, has also advocated for covering banking services under ESMA as it give a big jolt to the industrial progress of the country.\" UFBU is demanding recruitment in the banking industry through establishing banking services recruitment board and not through IBPS which is only a profit making company unconcerned with needs of the public sector banks , said Vishwas Utagi, secretary, AIBEA.However, Sanjay Khandelwal, president of Mandideep Industries Association, feels otherwise. \"In today's era of RTGS and NEFT, there was no major impact on the industry. But, the small businessmen are definitely affected due to closure of bank branches,\" he added. V K Sharma, state co-ordinator, UFBU, said that rallies were taken out by the agitating bank staff in all across the state in favour of six-point demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611204", "title": "Renovation of Varanasi\u2019s heritage structures is on the cards", "text": "VARANASI: UP Tourism (Varanasi region) has received a fund of Rs 3.44 crore for the construction and restoration of Garhwa Ghat on the bank of the Ganga. It is noteworthy that the ghat has been struggling for restoration for years. Also, the tourism department is gearing up to hold the International Buddhist Conclave from September 29 to September 30.Avinash Mishra, deputy director, UP Tourism, said: \"The project has been sanctioned by the Central government and work will start after the rainy season.\" According to Mishra, the ghat is visited by thousands of devotees during Guru Purnima festival.Apart from that, UP Tourism is planning several schemes to get its share of fund from the budget proposed by the state government for the development of historical religious places and tourist spots of local importance in the state.The state government has already announced a budget of Rs 98.13 crore for that purpose for the state. \"A budget of Rs 12 crore has been fixed in this regard for certain region out of which Varanasi region is expected to receive Rs 4-5 crore,\" informed Mishra.According to him, schemes are being finalised and will be presented to the government before the budget will be sanctioned accordingly.Notably, under it several religious sites have been identified for renovation. While the list is already been finalised, some sites prominent in the list are heritage development of Panchkosi route, renovation of Karmadeshwar temple and Gurudham temple. The construction of a pucca ghat on the banks of the Ganga in Mirzapur near the famous Vindhyavasini Temple in Vindhyachal area (Mirzapur) has also been included in the scheme.The construction of a ghat was a long-pending demand of the local natives of the area as the temple is visited by scores of devotees throughout the year.Besides, the tourism department is also gearing up to hold the International Buddhist Conclave in from September 29 to September 30. According to Mishra, the roads from Babatpur to Sarnath are pathetically damaged. \"We have prepared a road chart, highlighting the damaged roads which will soon be handed over to concerned working agencies. Most of these roads are connecting Sarnath with airport and old parts of the city. We would like good condition of roads instead of patch work just meant for the sake of conclave\", he informed.It is noteworthy that around 250 delegates from several Buddhist countries, tour operators, monks and scholars will attend the conclave in the city. \"While the archeaological sites and prominent temples in Sarnath will be the major attraction, delegates will also witness the world famous Ganga aarti on the occasion. Meanwhile, we are also planning to organise cultural programmes based on Buddha at Sarnath on the occasion,\" added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608255", "title": "VNIT to soon launch tech incubation centre", "text": "NAGPUR: The Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) is all set to take a big developmental leap with launch of its 'Technology Incubation Centre' in a few months. The Rajiv Gandhi Science and Technology Commission (RGSTC), the biggest government agency promoting science in the state, has already sanctioned Rs2.27 crore for the centre.VNIT has already formed a company, Centre for Innovation at VNIT (CIVN) to run the centre and nominated Shrirang Korde as its CEO. The Sec-25, or a non-profit company, would be housed on the third floor of the library building in the institute with R M Patrikar and R B Deshmukh as coordinators and Ruchita Tembhare as programme manager. The VNIT director would be the ex-officio chairman of the centre.\"The incubation centre would be established on the lines of similar ones in IITs or IIMs. Students, alumni and industries all can use the facility for a period of two years. To begin with it, will give priority to projects based on information and communication technology or ICT but gradually it would be opened to innovations in all types of fields that can be converted into products,\" said Patrikar sharing details of the ambitious and prestigious programme which would raise the status of NIT in academic as well as industrial fields.All those interested in availing the facility, young students or entrepreneurs or an experienced industrial unit, will get a maximum financial aid of Rs25 lakh along with the basic infrastructure required for any incubation facility. \"As a NIT, we have students with enough ideas that can be converted into products and hence they will surely be our first preference. But alumni and other entrepreneurs and industries are also welcome. Preference would also be given to areas of electronics and software, defence electronics along with energy security and nano-materials,\" Korde, the CEO of CIVN.To avail the facility individuals or industry have to submit a proposal to the centre. The advisory committee of the centre, which will have experts from IITs, Intel , Texas Instruments , Small and Medium Enterprises units and Society for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (SINE) at IIT Bombay, will select the candidates for incubation.At present, there are 27 incubation centres in country whereas going by her size, India required at least 1000. The VNIT incubation centre thus would be a big platform for entrepreneurs planning to convert their ideas into products for innovative students of Central India in particular and any enterprising individual or industry from across the country in general.Though initial funding has clome from state, CIVN can definitely hope for more support in future from the central government agencies like the ministry of communication and information technology, the ministry of small and medium enterprises and the department of science and technology. \"One of our aims of setting up the centre is also to give platform to development of low cost daily utility products using state-of-the-art technology. This does not require much investment but has ample market,\" said Patrikar.Idea of incubation centreA place with facilities for trying out development of a product from an innovative ideaCentre would help interested person or industry with a maximum financial support of Rs25 lakhAn advisory board will select the incubation 'party' on merits of the projectsThe facility would be available for maximum two yearsOpen to students, alumni and individual entrepreneurs and industry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "15610449", "title": "Desecration of place of worship leads to tension", "text": "SOLAPUR: Tension prevailed in some parts of Solapur on Wednesday following the desecration of a place of worship atop an ancient fort. The incident came to light on Wednesday morning.A few incidents of stone pelting were reported in some parts of the city, in which an autorickshaw was damaged. Shops stayed shut in Navi Peth, Tilak chowk, Datta chowk and Saraf bazar.Deputy commissioner of police Subhash Burase said the law and order situation in the city was under control.\"However, rumours caused some panic in the city. People can contact the police control room on 0217-2744600 if they came across anyone spreading rumours,\" he said.Burase said a heavy police bandobast has been deployed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611122", "title": "UP Ambulance Sewa for expectant mothers gets launched statewide", "text": "KANPUR: After facing much criticism in planning and executing the health schemes and programs, the Akhilesh government has come up with new move of providing ambulance services exclusively for expectant mothers and newborns, which was launched statewide on Wednesday. Interestingly, the SP lad once again favoured his native towns Kannauj and Etawah, which will get maximum ambulances in phase one even after requiring just a few in comparison to big towns like Kanpur, Allahabad and Varanasi.The mismanagement is not only confined to allotment of ambulances but also is visible in the planning and execution of the scheme. The lack of vision is easily reflected in this move of the government in, which the authorities have failed to assess the ambiguities of the scheme.Known as UP Ambulance Sewa (UPAS), this network of ambulances would be besides the multi-crore emergency medical transport service (EMTS) project, which is yet to take off.According to the health department officials, Kannauj and Etawah will get eight new ambulances while the rest of the districts will get two in phase one.As per the information provided by the officials of health and family welfare department, as many as 972 ambulances are to be procured under the scheme. In the first phase, two ambulances will be given to 75 districts at their main-centers while each block of the district will get one ambulance each. This plan especially meant to pick and drop the expecting mothers would preferably be given to district general and women hospitals in various cities.The service would improve the implementation of 'Janani Shishu Swastha Karyakram' (JSSK), another important programme under the national rural health mission (NRHM) after the 'Janani Avam Shishu Suraksha Yojana' (JSSK) to promote institutional delivery and check maternal and infant deaths. Similar such ambulance services are functional under different names in many other states like Madhya Pradesh (Janani Express), Gujarat (Chiranjeevi) and Chhattisgarh (Mahatari).Talking to TOI, Additional Director Health and Family Welfare, Dr UC Sinha said that this UP Ambulance Sewa (UPAS) will be a boon for the expecting mothers as they can easily come to district women hospitals for delivery.\"Due to poor staff, unavailability of gynecologist at CHCs and PHCs many expecting mothers die or have lost their child as they were unable to reach the district women hospitals. But after the launch of this service, they will surely be benefitted,\" added Sinha further.The official said that soon a toll-free helpline number will be constituted to make it easily accessible for the public.According to the senior health department officials, untill the toll-free setup gets operational, the ambulance service will be coordinated at block level by ASHAs and ANMs.It is a matter of concern as the government, which has failed to manage the toll-free complaint helpline scheme launched few months ago is ready to launch one more helpline.Also, the government has not clarified as to how funding will be done for running and managing these ambulances distributed in large numbers statewide.\"No proper funding has been done to manage these ambulances. Also, how the drivers will be hired and how petrol will be funded no one knows nothing. This mismanaged scheme will soon be a flop show as the other projects of Akhilesh government. The service should have been launched only after ensuring that it is easily approachable to the needy. Running such a service without a common number will hardly serve any purpose,\" said an official of health department on the condition of anonymity.He added that giving large number of ambulances to small cities like Kannauj and Etwah is also a biased and mismanaged move from the government's side.Its important to mention here that several ambulances given to the various districts are gathering dust due to unavailability of drivers and petrol funds statewide. The assessment of such important issues could be seen no where in the launch of this project, which might will be amongst the top reasons to flunk this project similarly as the other previous ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609742", "title": "Mumbai trader detained in China living on footpath", "text": "MUMBAI: Shyamsundar Agarwal, who worked with a Yemeni firm that defaulted on payments, leading to him being detained in China since February, has been living on the pavements of Shanghai for at least two months. Unable to pay the hotel he was living in, he has been thrown out.Back home in Mumbai, his wife and children are barely managing to get food and medicines, with no significant help coming from any quarters. The wife, Jyoti, is in fact in bad shape following a heart attack. But she has again issued an appeal to the Indian government to intervene in the matter.Agarwal is in Chinese custody as traders in that country have petitioned authorities not to let him leave following Euro Global's default. A case of cheating was lodged against him, and also a colleague from Hyderabad, Deepak Raheja. Both have been accused of owing RMB 10 million ($1.58 million) to Chinese traders after Euro Global's Yemeni owner fled.In December 2011, Agarwal and Raheja were abducted by Chinese clients. In January this year, after they were released, they were arrested. Both got bail, but have been unable to leave the country because an order has been passed to that effect till a decision in the defaults case is arrived at. The case is being heard in the Yiwu province in south China.At their Elphinstone Road apartment, Jyoti suffered a heart attack. Her appeal to the Indian government is on the ground that his return is necessary to save her life and that of their children since he is the lone bread winner.\"I have suffered a heart attack and there is no one to take care of me. It's high time the government intervened to save me and my family. My husband's condition has also deteriorated as he has no roof to live under or money to spend on food,\" said a bed-ridden Jyoti.\"I am amazed by the government's apathy even after eight months. My husband was only an employee and not the owner of the company. There is no judgment in the case so far and the lawyers there have allegedly said that an Indian will never win in this country. Still, the Indian consulate in Shanghai is taking no steps to release its citizens. There were Chinese employees in the firm as well. Why are they not being tried in the case?\"Being a heart patient and no one to care for me, it seems only my death will bring my husband back to India. I can't survive the ordeal anymore,\" she said in her appeal to the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609761", "title": "NE Indian workers may return soon", "text": "BANGALORE: The hospitality sector is not hiring new people as the majority of north-eastern semi-skilled workers who fled the city could return soon.The panic created by rumours which triggered an exodus of more than 11,000 NE people - mostly semiskilled workers - has subsided and the situation looks normal after authorities, religious groups and civil society came out in their support and urged them to stay put.Things are looking up for the service sector - particularly saloons, beauty parlors, security agencies, hotels and restaurants - as a large number of workers are set to come back. \"The workers at my saloon are in touch with me. They don't want to lose their jobs and want to return soon,\" said Shakti Tiwari, owner of a beauty parlour on Outer Ring Road.Tiwari, who had to close her parlour for some time after her workers fled, said many other parlours are also expecting their workers to return soon. \"They (workers) are probably waiting to get train tickets,\" she added.Security agencies which employ a large number of north-easterners and people of Nepali origin, are also hopeful of things getting better. There are around 5 lakh private security personnel in the state, of which more than 1 lakh are from the north east.\"Around 12,000 private security personnel left during the exodus. Since last Saturday, the incidents have stopped. In fact most of those who fled assured us they would return within 2-3 weeks,\" said KP Nagesh, president, Karnataka Security Services Association, which has over 300 member agencies.\"None of those who left took their final settlement. Most left with just hand baggage with the intent to return after things get back to normal,\" he said.Meanwhile, at most restaurants and lounges where north-easterners are an integral part of the workforce, business is back to normal. \"Our workers told us they'll be back soon,\" said Alistair Braganza of Opus which has over 20 northeasterners in its workforce of 60. \"We are not hiring anyone as we expect our workers to be back,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610347", "title": "Bharathiar University VC ends 3-year term", "text": "COIMBATORE: C Swaminathan, vice-chancellor (VC) of Bharathiar University ended his 3-year term on Wednesday, amidst several controversies pertaining to staff appointments and financial transactions. Sources said the next VC will be appointed within a few weeks.In the interim, a VC convenors committee, with three to five people, usually decided and constituted by syndicate members, will take charge. The committee is chaired by government nominees. The committee only makes decisions that are urgent and necessary. Usually, policy decisions are not made by the committee, unless it is very important.Recently, the syndicate had passed a resolution authorising the outgoing VC himself to choose the convenors' committee. The teachers' unions had questioned this move. C Pichandy, the general secretary of the Association of University Teachers (AUT) said that this was a move which was unprecedented and raised suspicions.Usually, the new vice chancellor will be appointed within a month, but some academicians suspect the appointment may be delayed as the entire search panel is muddled in controversy. Recently, the state planning commission member for education, E Balaguruswamy and S Sivasubramanian, had written separate letters to the Tamil Nadu Governor saying that the search panel should constitute of members with adequate credentials. Earlier, the selection of the university senate nominee, Sarvanakumar, to be part of the search panel had been questioned by a section of teachers who alleged that he was not eligible for the post.Sivasubramanian, who said that Swaminathan's term was 'terribly upsetting', said that a search panel of men with impeccable track record was essential to decide the appropriate candidate. \"The search panel must constitute members of impeccable academic record. Only then, can they select a vice chancellor who also must be a person with remarkable academic and administrative track record who commands respect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608629", "title": "'Sick' ESIS hosp gets a dose", "text": "NAGPUR: Following several complaints against the Employees State Insurance Scheme (ESIS) Hospital in the city, a two-member team from New Delhi on Wednesday paid an inspection visited to the facility. The team, unhappy with the shortage of equipment, staff and facilities at the hospital, directed the officials to send a list of requirements to the state government immediately.The 200-bedded hospital has been in a bad shape since last few years. Many of the departments are functioning without doctors and essential facilities like X-ray and tetanus injections are unavailable. Complaints were made regarding dispensaries in the region, too. This prompted the Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) to send a team to take stock of the situation.The team, comprising insurance commissioner Shahu and medical commissioner Dr Chavhan, assured the hospital authorities that the requirements will be approved within 15 days of its receipt. They also said that they will visit the hospital again after three months to check the condition.\"In what could bring relief to the patients, the team said it will recommend clearing reimbursement claims at local level to avoid delays and hassles,\" said a source from the hospital adding that the team also asked the authorities to better utilize panel hospitals so as to improve facilities to the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613285", "title": "Chittagong to be released in October", "text": "Bedabrata Pain's Chittagong, based on the Chittagong Uprising, is releasing on October 12 after being delayed for two-and-a-half years.The Nasa scientist-turned-filmmaker's movie stars Manoj Bajpayee and Nawazzudin Siddiqui, and was the opening film at the Los Angeles and New York Film Festivals.The film's sound engineer Resul Pookutty said, \"A similar film had released at the same time, so commercially, it wasn't feasible to release it then. Star power deters small independent films. Dr Pain is the only Indian in Nasa's Hall of Fame, and had zero clue about filmmaking. For him, it is like a dream come true to have an India release.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610143", "title": "Non-bailable warrant issued against LDA secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: Additional sessions judge Prem Kala Singh has issued a non-bailable warrant against LDA secretary for not paying compensation to a farmer in lieu of his land acquired in 1984. The court fixed September 15 for next hearing.LDA had acquired 3 bigha and 8 biswa land of Nattha in Ujarion village of Gomtinagar in 1984 and paid compensation to him at the rate of Rs 1.41 per square feet. In 1998, Nattha sought increase in the compensation rate. The court on October 6, 2004, raised the rate to Rs 4.60 per square feet. LDA challenged the rate in the high court but lost the case in 2010. On the plea of the said farmer, the court issued several notices to the LDA secretary but he did not reply. Following this, the court has issued a NBW against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15610371", "title": "7 FIRs lodged in molestation case in Sasaram", "text": "SASARAM: Apparently after chief minister Nitish Kumar's pep talk, in a swift move the police have lodged seven FIRs against the main molester Manish Kumar Yadav on Tuesday. The FIRs was lodged on written complaints of seven victim girls on the instruction of the IG (weaker section).Meanwhile, Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj inquired into the role of the SHOs of Bikramganj and Suryapura police stations in eve-teasing cases on Tuesday. Sources said after perusal of all the records in presence of the SHO and IO of the cases in Patna, the IG asked the SP to inquire into the role of the field officials.JU(U) MLA from Karakat assembly segment in Rohtas Rajeshwar Raj has demanded immediate dismissal of Suryapura SHO for not entertaining the complaints of the victims. The MLA, after meeting the victims at their residence at Aliganj on Tuesday said due to the apathetic attitude of the SHO, the image of the state government had been tarnished.He alleged SHO Kamal Akhtar had written instructions from DSP, Bikramganj, for lodging an FIR against eve-teasers on July 19 this year but he took 15 days to act and FIR was lodged on August 3 only. He also promised the girls of speedy trial of all cases and security to their lives and property.Meanwhile, the three-member team of Bihar state commission for women, on the second day of its inquiry, summoned the SHOs of Bikramganj and Suryapura at Sasaram Circuit House on Wednesday and examined all the documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15610098", "title": "CBI, Enforcement Directorate turn focus on Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation scam", "text": "times news networkLUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) have turned their focus on the Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED) scam.Initially estimated to be worth Rs 50 crore, the investigators have already unearthed irregularities worth Rs 300 crore in it. The two agencies detected LACCFED bungling while probing the Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Investigations have revealed that LACCFED was involved in carrying out contracts for building of health centres under the NRHM projects and also entrusted with contracts for purchase of equipment, furniture and medical aids worth hundreds of crores of rupees despite having no expertise in the field of medical science. It was during the probe into the NRHM scam that CBI traced the involvement of former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and former LACCFED chairman Sushil Katiyar. Since irregularities had some international dimensions, the case was also being probed by the ED.LACCFED scam was detected after Samajwadi Party came to power and the chief minister ordered a probe into the irregularities that were initially estimated to be to around Rs 50 crore.The special investigation branch of Uttar Pradesh Police cooperative cell was entrusted with the investigations into the case. The former general manager of LACCFED Pankaj Triparthi was identified as the prime accused and arrested on August 13. His two established aides in the crime - the then LACCFED chief engineer Govind Sharan Srivastava and accountant Anil Agarwal -- are abscondingAs per reports, LACCFED came into being as a relatively small government agency handling government contracts worth a maximum of Rs 10 lakh. However, in May 2010, LACCFED was recognised as an executive agency of the state government. Interestingly, days after the change in status of the agency contracts worth crores of rupees started pouring in the LACCFED kitty.The bungling came into being once the funds for the contracts assigned to LCCFED were transferred to it. The modus oprandi of the accused included payment of contracts worth crores of rupees through bearer cheques - something that cannot be brought into practice in government work under any condition whatsoever. Investigations revealed that bearer cheques worth crores of rupees were issued and submitted to 17 different accounts all of which were opened at a local branch of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) within a few weeks. Once the money was transferred to these accounts, it was withdrawn.Investigations so far have revealed that the 17 accounts were opened in the name of a host of engineers who had been hired by LACCFED earlier. The cheques issued were described in LACCFED's books of accounts as payments against contract on which these engineers were hired. The engineers later revealed that they weren't even aware that they had accounts at the PNB, what to talk of their involvement in routing crores of rupees through their account.The investigators then established that the fake accounts were opened by the former LACCFED chief engineer and accountant in connivance with the employees of the bank. However the SIB of CoC apprehended the former GM Pankaj Tripathi, both the chief engineer and the accountant were still absconding.SIB officials say the sudden flow of funds indicates that the scam was well planned and top people of the previous regime were involved. Sources said the SIB was probing into the role of a very senior IAS officer who was instrumental in awarding the status LACCFED the status of a state executive agency in May 2010. A minister in the erstwhile Mayawati cabinet is also under the scanner for his role in this scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613694", "title": "Music is the food of love: Kamal Sabri", "text": "Sarangi player Kamal Sabri is on a mission is to popularise the instrument internationallyGetting Instrumental It is high time to start instruments based reality music shows, especially on Indian classical instruments,\" said sarangi player Kamal Sabri while on a recent visit to Allahabad. \" Yeh hi asli sangeet hai jo sachcha hai and jisme spritiuality judi hui hai, \" he said before highlighting another important point, \"Besides, most Indians who have won Grammy awards so far, have been instrumentalists, like Zakir Hussain and Ravi Shankar and yet we have failed to give instruments of Indian classical music the respect they deserve.\" Sabri also had the sarangi included in the world music instrument list a few years ago at the American Academy of Music. \"When my album was nominated for the Grammy, people in America got so impressed with my music that they incorporated sarangi in the World Music Instruments list.\"First In The World To Use Sarangi Music In A Video Game Kamal travels around the world to promote sarangi as much as possible. Recently he dubbed for a fantasy adventure video game, which was released on the August 14th in the US. \"A Canadian producer named Brain had heard about my work and invited me to record for this video game, which is the first in the world to have used sarangi music,\" he said, adding, \"I am also giving music to a big Hollywood film which will be releasing soon. The name of the movie is \"The Creation \" and it's being made by the director of \" The Matrix \". I have played the theme music in that.\"Booked Kamal is one of very few musicians who don't have the word 'rest' in their dictionary. That's probably the reason why soon after completing an album with South Indian musician U Rajesh, he is now busy writing a book. \"I am basically trying to write the music of sarangi which I plan to record later with an orchestra. It will be a unique attempt,\" informed Sabri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609662", "title": "New norms allowing locals to do business in core areas too under shadow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union environment ministry's eco-tourism guidelines, which promote community-based activities in the core of tiger habitats, could become a collateral victim of hectic lobbying from the influential tourism lobby.The ministry on Wednesday sought time from the apex court to review its freshly-minted guidelines as the tourism lobby is seeking relief from the extension of the ban on tourism in the core of tiger reserves imposed by the Supreme Court.The guidelines permit tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves, but puts severe restrictions on such operations. It could hurt large private tour operators and resort owners, but is likely to bring some relief to locals since the norms allow communities living around tiger reserves to engage in tourism-related activities.Tourism is permitted in upto 20% of the core of tiger reserve and other national parks that are bigger than 500 square km and upto 10% of the area of parks that are less than 500 square km.The norms do not allow permanent facilities to continue in core areas, which would effectively mean that long stays in the deep of forests would be phased out, but people could still visit parks.The rules for the first time provide communities and the relocated tribals special rights to run tourism operations, which so far have been the preserve of private tourism and resort operators.What could hit the interests of tourism and resort owners, who operate from the periphery of wildlife parks, hard is the imposition of 10% cess on revenues to provide additional resources for conservation of wildlife and promotion of local tourism efforts.The guidelines also provide a strong regulatory regime for these businesses, including regular inspection.While the park authorities would be required to regulate the number of tourists going into the fragile zone, the resort and hotel owners would have to ensure that at least half of their fuel and energy requirements come from alternate sources of power like solar and wind. They also have to ensure against discharge of any waste and build structures with low-impact architecture.The measures are expected to raise the cost of operations for these resorts, but lower the impact of mushrooming tourism around wildlife zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610927", "title": "Rain again pours miseries on Allahabad roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than a dozen localities faced waterlogging in the city due to heavy downpour on Wednesday evening. Apart from the residents of low lying areas, commuters also face a tough time due to traffic jams.Though the city has witnessed these situations every time it has rained this monsoon, the Allahabad Municipal Corporation apparatus still remains missing. The AMC claims regarding cleaning of drains too have been repeatedly exposed.The Muir Road connecting Ashok Nagar and Rajapur was among the worst-affected areas. Other areas like Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi, George Town, Tagore Town, Mumfordganj, Attarsuiya, Dariyabad, Kareli, Ghausnagar, Bahadurganj, Kotha Parcha, Muthigunj, Sabzi Mandi, Batsha Mandi, Nakhas Kohna, Lukerganj, Clock Tower, Ahmadganj, Dara Shah Ajmal, Subzi Mandi also faced similar fate due to waterlogging.It was reported that water entered many houses in the low-lying areas of Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi and Salori.People blamed the AMC for failing to take preventive measures.Residents claimed that district authorities have made attempts to improve the condition of roads by taking road repair works but this could not offer a relief to commuters.Locals demanded to take out proper construction of roads so that cases of mishaps could be checked.For instance, the authorities had taken out road repair work at Stanley road but locals demanded that the entire road should be constructed at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608688", "title": "Kanda may be charged with destruction of evidence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police said on Wednesday they might charge former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda with destruction of evidence in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, and question actor Nupur Mehta who used to work as senior vice-president, corporate communications, with his MDLR Group. Kanda is accused of abetting Geetika's suicide.Sources said the move to slap charges under Section 201 IPC follows from police's success in 'establishing' intentional tampering with hard disks and documents at the MDLR office. However, legal experts say police may be slapping one section after another as a surety against failing to prove the case of abetment against Kanda.Nupur Mehta has come into the picture as police have collected documents and other evidence to establish that Geetika was under pressure from Kanda and his manager Aruna to withdraw the case she had lodged against Nupur and another woman, Ankita, in Goa.Nupur said she had not received any notice for questioning but will be happy to help the police with whatever she knows. \"I have nothing to do with the case, but if I am asked to help in the probe, I will do so,\" she said.Asked if she ever requested Kanda to help her get out of the case, she said \"Mr Goyal had called me up to say Ankita and I needed to write an apology so that the case could be quashed, which we did. And that's about it\".Sources said police questioned Kanda's wife Saras at length on Wednesday. Dharmendra Kumar, special commissioner of police (law and order), also said investigations are on in connection with the deletion of Geetika's Facebook account. Meanwhile, a sleep deprived Kanda is learnt to have revealed several things early on Wednesday when police questioned him around 1am after letting him have his fill of food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15608745", "title": "Order food by SMS on Rani Chennamma Express", "text": "HUBLI: Passengers on the Rani Chennamma Express between Bangalore and Kolhapur can order food and breakfast by SMS.In this pilot project, passengers from Kolhapur to Bangalore can SMS their dinner and the Veg &amp; Non-veg Railway Refreshment at Londa will deliver food packets to their coach when the train reaches the station.On the return journey (Bangalore to Kolhapur), passengers can place their breakfast order which will be served at Londa.If the project succeeds, the railways will make arrangements to supply food at all prominent stations. Sridhar Murthy, senior divisional commercial manager, South Western Railway, Hubli division, told TOI the service was introduced on August 11. \"We'll review the response over the next three months,\" he added.\"There's been a good response - we get about 40-45 smses every day for dinner and breakfast. Most people are still not aware of this service,\" said Samsher Khan, assistant manager, railway refreshment, LondaKhan added, \"We get the SMS one or two hours before the arrival of the train at Londa and prepare the food packets as per the order. When the train halts here for 4-5 minutes, our boys deliver the packets personally to the person who sent the sms and collect the money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610380", "title": "PCMC to issue 24-hour notice of illegal structures", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will now give 24 hours to people to stop work on unauthorized constructions and demolish the illegal structure as against the one month notice that was given earlier.Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The 24-hour notice period will enable the civic body to act early and conduct anti-encroachment drives to prevent people from continuing with illegal constructions. At present, the PCMC sends a month's notice to people to stop work and demolish illegal structure. However, such notices are usually ignored. This has led to the mushrooming of unauthorised constructions within the municipal limits.\"Elaborating on the meeting held with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mumbai, he said, \"Pawar has directed the civic administration to continue with the anti-encroachmentdrive by adhering to the high court order. We will continue the drive in phases and will first demolish the illegal structures that have come up after March 31, 2012. We will then demolish commercial and industrial unauthorized constructions as well as illegal structures that have come up in the floodline areas and on the plots reserved in the Development Plan (DP).\"Pardeshi said, \"The civic administration will appoint an agency for demarcation of boundaries of plots reserved in the DP and remove the unauthorized constructions.\"He said since June till now, the PCMC has demolished 35 commercial and industrial unauthorized constructions and illegal buildings in floodline areas. Also, it has lodged 45 complaints against citizens for constructing such structures.Pardeshi said over the next two to three days, the civic body will upload details of the constructions demolished and the number of criminal complaints lodged against citizens for constructing such buildings in the city.Meanwhile, he said he has not yet studied the video footage of the anti-encroachment drive conducted by the civic body in Talawade on Saturday when four sitting corporators were arrested for obstructing the drive.He said he will take appropriate action against the corporators as per the provisions of Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act if they are found to be directly or indirectly creating obstructions in the anti-encroachment drives and supporting unauthorised constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609949", "title": "Mulayam lobbies OBC MPs for reservations", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after being isolated at the all-party meeting, Samajwadi Party has begun to mount pressure for bringing promotion quota for OBCs.Sources said SP MPs asked OBC parliamentary forum chairman Hanumantha Rao to convene a meeting at the earliest to discuss the issue, failing which the party would take the initiative.The bid to nudge OBC forum shows the backward outfit from UP is chaffing at its failure to stall promotion quota for dalits at the all-party meeting on Tuesday and is looking to now placate its support base by getting them parity with dalits.Mulayam Singh Yadav has drawn solace from OBC outfits like DMK and JD(U) raising the demand for promotion quota for backward castes at Tuesday's meeting. He is looking to lobby the backward MPs to send a signal to his voters.Sources said the Yadav chieftain is firmly fixed on consolidating his support base for the 2014 polls, where he feels a good performance can propel him to the PM's post. For that, he is eager to consolidate his backward base which helped him decimate BSP in April's assembly polls.The sensitive nature of caste issues, it is believed, would ensure that if quota demand is raised, major political parties would not be able to oppose it like during the Mandal agitation. OBCs form a numerically strong voting group and are the bedrock of BJP's strength.The backward bloc has begun to lobby opinion in Parliament. While forum chairman Hanumantha Rao shot off a letter to the PM, saying a decision in favour of backwards would help UPA establish its \"social justice credentials\", DMK leader T R Baalu said, \"Sitaram Kesari as social justice minister on June 2, 1995, assured Lok Sabha that a bill would be brought to institute promotion quota for OBCs.\"Seeing backing of some OBC outfits, dalit parties BSP and LJP did not oppose OBC quota at the all-party meeting but only said it could be raised separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609349", "title": "Lack of evidence delays probe into July 21 firing", "text": "KOLKATA: State home secretary Basudeb Banerjee on Wednesday deposed before the Justice Sushanta Chatterjee Commission which is probing the death in police firing of 13 Youth Congress workers in the police firing on July 21, 1993. However, Banerjee failed to submit necessary files on the violence during his depositionas they could not be traced, said sources in the secretariat.Officials said important files on the incident could not be traced as they had been destroyed by the previous Left Front government. An official said that the former government, \"Sensing trouble before the 2011 elections, the former government destroyed many files which could have placed them in an awkward situation,\" an official said.Thus, the state government has decided is now planning to reconstruct the files on the July 21 police firing. tnnThe home secretary also pleaded with Justice Chatterjee prayed for some time to furnish the documents.Several people were also seriously injured in the firing on a procession to Writers' led by Mamata Banerjee. The commission - set up by Mamata Banerjee after she came to power - will try to find out the present condition of the families who lost their dear ones in the firing. Moreover, the commission will recommend compensation for the families.After coming to power, Mamata set up this commission as she had promised to punish officials responsible for the incident. The annual rally on July 21 is still the biggest event of the Trinamool Congress .Officials said necessary files on the incident could not be traced as they had been destroyed by the previous Left Front government. An official said that the LF government, sensing trouble before the 2011 elections, destroyed many files which could have placed them in an awkward situation. So, the state government is now planning to reconstruct the files on the July 21 police firing. The home secretary prayed for some time to do that from Justice Chatterjee.The commission will probe the events that lead to the police firing and the people responsible for the incident. It will also find out details of the victims and their families. Officials said that the role of the police will be particularly scrutinized by the commission. Moreover, it will take into account the complaints lodged by the victims' relatives and the status of police cases that were registered in 1993.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612546", "title": "Raj Kundra to act in his own film", "text": "In June this year, we told you how Sriram Nene along with wife Madhuri Dixit is now ready to explore the realms of film production. Looks like Shilpa Shetty's husband Raj Kundra isn't too far behind. In fact, Kundra, who launched a television series earlier this year, is ready with a script for his next project. TOI has found out that the story is based loosely on the Hollywood hit Warrior. And the producers have also got a Hollywood writer on board for the project.Incidentally, Kundra's production house ESM already announced a film titled Dhiskiyoon earlier.However, it is only for this project that Kundra would be a hands on producer. \"In the first film, except for the budgeting, I wasn't involved much. For this project, I plan to take more interest in every aspect of filmmaking. This film will be based on MMA,\" Kundra told TOI.This will also be Kundra's first film appearance. \"Sanjay Dutt and I will surely do a cameo as the chairman of the league. As for the lead roles, we are approaching John Abraham and Vidyut Jamval. For the female lead, we plan to cast a fresh face,\" revealed Kundra.The film is slated to go on floors in January 2013 and will hit the theatres by the end on the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610831", "title": "Naxal front outfits staged protests supporting Maruti workers: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday said that a number of front organizations of Maoists and their sympathizers had organized demonstrations after the last month's Manesar incident supporting the Maruti workers.In response to a Parliament Question, the home ministry told Rajya Sabha that these organizations had held demonstrations to exploit the situation after the incident \"to gain a foothold among the working class in the National Capital Region\".The organizations, which hold demonstrations include Mehnatkash Mazdoor Morcha, Democratic Students Union, People's Democratic Front of India and Committee for Release of Political Prisoners.The ministry, however, said there was no intelligence to suggest that the violence in the Maruti factory was instigated by Left-wing extremists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610022", "title": "CCTVs at RTO keep check on corruption", "text": "MUMBAI: The installation of 16 CCTV cameras in the licence and record room of the Andheri RTO has worked wonders. Today, there is not a single complaint of record tampering or bogus licence.Sources in the transport department said that other RTOs will also be encouraged to instal CCTV cameras in their licence section to keep a check on corruption and prevent tampering of records.Officials said the CCTV cameras at Andheri RTO were not installed by the government, but by a private agency which was also involved in making the smartcards (licences) for applicants. \"There are similar technical agencies attached to every RTO and they too can instal CCTVs so that the functioning of the RTO is transparent,\" an official stated.At Andheri RTO, after cameras were fixed at strategic spots in the licence section and record room, the clerks were reluctant to entertain visitors as they were under watch by superiors. If any irregularities were found in records on a particular day, senior officers would go through the CCTV footage and find out if any outsider had visited the licence section and interacted with any official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608842", "title": "'Kerala contributes 30% of revenue'", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala contributes up to 30% of the revenues of Piaggio Vehicles Pvt Ltd, revealed Ravi Chopra, chairman and managing director of the company.\"Kerala is an all-weather friend, which sustained its leadership in sales among Indian states and also grew during the last fiscal. This is while sales have come down in Tamil Nadu due to restrictions in issuing auto permits and in Andhra Pradesh due to Telungana problem and issues with micro finance companies,\" Chopra said while talking to reporters after announcing the company's Onam offers in Kochi on Wednesday.Piaggio has sold 8,000 units of the new premium scooter Vespa across the country and 700 in Kerala, he revealed. \"It is priced at Rs 68,488 and the company identifies a latent potential market in the untapped premium space of the scooter category, and is very optimistic about the growth trends in India,\" he said.The company has a production facility in Baramati in Maharashtra with a capacity of 1.5 lakh vehicles per annum and this will be doubled by the second half of 2013.During Onam, purchasers can participate in a lucky draw and the winners would be offered a visit to the Vespa Museum in Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610080", "title": "State housing board to start demand survey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress's 'Ghar nu Ghar' poll pledge seems to have caught the state government napping on the issue of affordable housing in Gujarat. For more than a decade, Gujarat Housing Board (GHB) shied away from launching schemes claiming that there is no demand for low-cost housing. However, swung into action after witnessing mad rush for the Congress promise, GHB, in a board meeting on Wednesday, decided to launch a demand survey.\"In the board meeting it has been decided to start taking applications from those seeking houses. We are working on the price model for the new schemes and will make an announcement early next week,\" said GHB chairman, Jayantilal Barot. He said the forms will be available on their website and offices of GHB in the four cities.GHB had earlier planned to build 6,300 houses in four cities, but the state government was unable to decide on the price. GHB has now put the project on fast track and begun the process to finalize the private contractors for the schemes.GHB has a land bank of 541.40 acres and is sitting on a fund of Rs 245 crore. The board has been paying Rs 70 lakh as salaries and Rs 95 lakh as pension every month. The board's staff strength has plummeted from around 2,000 till late 90s to just 208 today. Even the existing staff has virtually no work but to collect money from defaulters from some of the 1.75 lakh homes that it built during successive Congress regimes.Due to the dearth of technical staff, GHB has roped in private consultants for the new project. \"In the meeting it has been decided to prepare a document with price options for higher and middle income houses in the four cities. The document will be sent to the urban development department in a day or two,\" said Barot.A GHB official said that the state urban development minister will take a call on the price and an announcement will be made next week. He added that among the new schemes three will come up in Ahmedabad, two in Rajkot and one each in Surat and Vadodara.\"GHB will build 13-storey towers and of the 6,300 planned houses, around 2,500 will come up in Ahmedabad. It has also been decided to allocate Rs 200 crore budget for the scheme. However, unlike earlier days, GHB will sell the houses instead of giving them on monthly installments to check defaulters,\" said an official. GHB has decided to tie up with banks which will provide loans to buyers of these houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15609301", "title": "'People stood watching my son get beaten up'", "text": "HOWRAH: More than a day after a mother-son duo was assaulted by rogue taxi drivers at a prominent Howrah crossing, they are still in trauma. And it is still difficult to get a taxi to cross the Hooghly.Pritam Chattopadhyay, 33, could not go to work on Wednesday while all his mother did throughout the day was to try and rub off the painful memory from her mind. The 64-year-old has recently had both her knees replaced and needs help to sit and get up.She is shocked that the rogue cabbies did bother for her age when they shoved her on to the road and pinned her down. \"I kept pleading with passersby, with folded hands, to help me. Ami uthte pari na, daya kore amae tule din. Ora aamar cheleke mere phelbe (I cannot get up on my own. Please help me or they will kill my son),\" I said, but no one bothered. People stood around watching the taxi drivers beat up my son.\"I have sustained injuries but they are not grave. It is the callousness of people that has left me completely shaken. I could never imagine that a taxi driver could throw me on the ground and attack me just because my son protested against their abuses. To think that the place where the incident happened is less than half a kilometre from my house,\" Krishna Chattopadhyay said, shaking her head in despair.Pritam and Krishna had tried to take a cab from Howrah to NRS Hospital where he had an appointment with a doctor. There were at least six to seven taxis there but they refused to budge. When Pritam sternly asked them why they were unwilling to drive them, they started hurling abuses at him and his mother. Pritam protested and within moments the taxi drivers had surrounded them and started beating them up.\"Two drivers, Munna Shaw and Prem Singh, led the taxi drivers. I caught hold of Singh and wouldn't let him go. I could see my mother wounded and lying on the ground. But I still pulled the truant driver to the traffic police booth only yards away from the spot. Seeing this, the drivers fled. We lodged a formal complaint at the Chatterjeehat I.C.Pritam feels so drained that he could not go to work on Wednesday. He is a training professional with a private insurance company and is in charge of Purulia, Bankura, Howrah, Hooghly and Burdwan. \"The violence incident has added to this strain and I could not get back to work. I needed the rest ,\" he said.He also called by transport minister Madan Mitra to Writers' on Wednesday where he had organised a meeting with taxi drivers and owners' associations. The leaders of the associations apologized to Pritam on behalf of the errant drivers. \"We have taken this extremely seriously. Such hooliganism is unpardonable. We will cancel licenses of such drivers,\" promised Mitra.TOI checked out several taxi stands in Howrah to assess the present situation and found that widespread lawlessness prevailed. Drivers sat in a huddle at the Santragachi railway station and dictated terms to passengers, right in front of the police. Cops said that they have instructions to deal with refusals and fleecing by starting a case but are often threatened by the large number of taxi drivers who are present at the stand round the clock. Till Wednesday evening, three such complaints were filed against drivers.\"I want to go to Paikpara but they insist that they would take us via the Vidyasagar Setu. That way we will end up paying three times more,\" said an angry Abani Chatterjee.At Belepole, a little further away, taxi drivers said that the \"rule\" of the stand was \"only\" to take the second Hooghly bridge. \"Otherwise you pay us a lumpsum amount and we will take the Howrah Bridge,\" driver Akhil Mondal said flatly. \"No one wants to take the Howrah Bridge because of traffic jam,\" said Dilip Laha, who managed this INTUC backed taxi stand.At the spot of Tuesday's incident, TOI did not find a single taxi on Wednesday for fear of the police who have started an investigation on Pritam's complaint. \"The problem with this taxi stand is that they only take long distance passengers and do not go by meter. They prefer going to interior parts of Howrah because each trip helps them earn at least Rs 350 - 450. They prefer taking shopkeepers who travel with heavy load so that they earn extra for the luggage,\" said Abdul Iqbal, a tea stall owner.At the Ichapur taxi stand, only 100 metres away, taxis kept refusing passengers who wished to go to Kolkata. \"We only ply on contract,\" came the flat reply.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608378", "title": "Former mill workers rally against eviction move", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of former mill workers in the city took out a protest rally on Wednesday against the government's decision to evict them from their homes. Hundreds of former workers of K R Mill living in the mill colony along with their family members, including children and women, went on a protest march in Mysore.The deputy commissioner had recently given an order to attach the properties of the mill after its owner defaulted over a bank loan.But the protesters said they had been living in the K R Mill colony since the mill was closed in the early 1980s. They said the government order would deprive them of a roof over their heads. Members of the KR Mill colony residents association said that though the factory had shut its business, they continued to live in the colony and had even constructed houses there. About 500 families would reduced to living on the streets, they said.The protesters also submitted a memorandum to the DC's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610089", "title": "You may have to pay more for tickets on Metro III", "text": "MUMBAI: You may have to shell out more for a ticket on the proposed underground Metro III rail line between Colaba and Andheri via Bandra compared to Metro I on the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar route.Fares for Metro III would be regulated on the lines of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) under the Metro Rail Act. The first elevated line is being implemented under the Tramways Act and its fare would be 1.5 times that on existing BEST routes. Though it will take longer for Metro II and III to come up, the proposal for Metro III has been sent to the directorate of economic affairs for financial clearance prior to cabinet and other approvals.The Metro II line, which will have the same fare as Metro I, is still to come up, despite a contract being awarded to Reliance Infrastructure three years ago, mainly due to the absence of permissions to use commercial areas, aviation clearance and removal of high-voltage lines. This line is though proposed to completely elevated, people in western suburbs are demanding to build underground between Dahisarand Bandra via Charkop.\"The 30km Metro III line may be underground and hence cost Rs 24,000 crore. Governments can fund up to 46% of the costs; 54% will come as a loan from a Japanese bank. So, to make it financially feasible, DMRC tariffs will have to be applied, which are higher than the Metro I line,\" said MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana.According to sources since the BEST's minimum or base tariff for first two kilometers is Rs 5, the minimum tariff for the first metro line would be around Rs 8 which is 1.5 times that of the BEST. \"If considered 14 per cent rise on the metro one's tariff, then the minimum tariff for third metro could be around Rs 12 for a minimum distance,\" said officials.The third metro line's financial and technical model is yet to get clearance from the department of economic affairs and Public Investment Board in Delhi following which the project would be put up before cabinet committee for permission to start international bidding competition. First three lines are said to be crucial for the city to decongest the present public transport modes and the roads. However, according to sources it will take minimum six years of time for MMRDA to build the third metro. \"Eventually the third metro may become second and second may become three if latter fails to start and the former gets developer appointed,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609912", "title": "Special drive nets 19 more for SoBo rioting", "text": "MUMBAI: A special investigation team (SIT) on Wednesday nabbed 19 more people for the August 11 violence in south Mumbai, taking the total number of arrests to 43.The police also found during the probe that two of the five speeches delivered at the Azad Maidan rally that day were \"aggressive\" in nature. \"We have gone through the CCTV footage carefully and it appears that the speeches delivered by Maulana Naeem Noori and Guddu Bhaiyya were aggressive. We are seeking legal opinions on whether these people can be booked for instigating the mob,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.The 19 arrested include Mohammed Hussain Ansari (19), Niyazuddin Shaikh (20), Alam Khan (22), Sayyed Munnawar (32), Mohammed Ismail Rizwan (19), Sayyed Idris (25), Liyakat Hussain (24), Mohammed Imtiaz (22), Mohammed Anees alias Kalu (26), Amir Shaikh (19), Ashraf Haq (24), Hafeez Shaikh (19), Mohammed Mulla (32), Parvez Ansari (22), Mustaqium Shaikh (32), Javed Khan (25), Shaikh Mohammed (32), Naushad Khan (42) and Salim Shaikh (42). Most of them are from Garib Nagar in Bandra (E), Shivaji Nagar in Govandi and Kurla (W).Of the 19, Mohammad Hussain and Niyazuddin were picked up on Tuesday and officially shown as arrested on Wednesday. They were produced in the Esplanade metropolitan magistrate's court and remanded in police custody till August 28.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said while Mohammad Hussain lives in Kurla (W) and is a student, Niyazuddin\u2014a Wadala resident\u2014repairs airconditioners for a living. \"In the CCTV footage available, both of them are seen actively participating in the violence. While Mohammad Hussain is seen hurling stones at policemen, Niyazuddin damages an OB van belonging to a television channel,\" he added.The 17 others will be produced in court on Thursday. \"We will interrogate the accused to find out if they had planned the violence in advance and if any person or organization had instigated them,\" said Roy.The police on Wednesday recorded the statement of Rizwan Khan, co-founder of Madinat-ul-Ilm and one of the organizers of the August 11 rally. The crime branch had earlier grilled Maulana Naeem Noori and Saeed Noori of Raza Academy in this connection. Cops have also summoned the others present on the dais, including retired assistant commissioner of police Shamsher Pathan, to record their statements.The police said their focus now was on tracking down the duo who desecrated the Martyrs' Memorial. Their families have locked their houses and gone underground. We have placed their mobiles under surveillance,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610389", "title": "Teen loses arm, GRP and hospital play blame game", "text": "MUMBAI: After a teenager lost his arm when he slipped off a local while trying to board it, hospital authorities and the Government Railway Police (GRP) are now playing the blame game.Mohammad Shahrukh Khan (19) was trying to board an Central Railway'sAndheri-bound local at Reay Road station around 5.55am on Friday when he fell. While authorities at JJ Hospital, where Khan is undergoing treatment, allege the teen's arm couldn't be saved as he was brought there eight hours after the incident, GRP officials claim they had rushed him to the hospital in 45 minutes-the fastest they could in the absence of an ambulance.Khan, a resident of Mahim, was headed home after Eid shopping in south Mumbai. Onlookers, who had seen him falling into the gap between the train and the platform, helped him to his feet even as his severed hand lay on the tracks nearby.According to high court directives, a station in-charge has to administer first-aid to an accident victim and send him to the nearest hospital in an ambulance or a taxi. But at smaller stations, such as Reay Road, station masters work only one shift from 8am to 4pm. A CR circular issued in 2010 states that in the absence of the station master, the chief booking clerk can send an accident victim to the hospital.\"A memo was prepared at the station master's office at 6am. Our personnel usually don't sign on memos and carry the victim to the hospital unless the ambulance arrives. But when no ambulance came 6.25am, our personnel summoned a private tempo driver , who was plying near Reay Road station,and took Khan to JJ Hospital. We reached the hospital at 6.40am, while the memo was prepared by the railways at 7am,\" said senior inspector JR Rathod of Wadala GRP. According to the cops, the hospital formalities and basic tests like X-rays took eight hours and Khan was formally admitted at 2pm.Dr TP Lahane, dean of JJ Hospital, said, \"Khan was brought to us only at 2pm. It was because of the delay that his arm could not be saved. His right arm, from just below the shoulder, has been amputated. He is currently being treated by our cosmetic and orthopedic surgeons. We may have to give him an artificial arm for him, but that can be done only after his injuries heal.\"A CR spokesperson said the station master at every station is provided with Rs 750 cash for summoning an ambulance and Rs 400 for paying the hamal (porter) for accident cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609111", "title": "Govt sets 12-hour deadline for Twitter to remove hate pages", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 'inflammatory' material and 'morphed' pictures spreading communal hatred still continuing on Twitter, the government on Wednesday set a 12-hour deadline for the micro-blogging site to remove these hate pages or face action.After the end of the deadline on Thursday morning, the government may impose a temporary ban on Twitter using available technical options.\"If Twitter fails to respond to our request, we will take appropriate action. We have asked the information technology ministry to serve them (the US-based site) a notice,\" home secretary R K Singh said.Though the micro-blogging site on Wednesday responded to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) over fake accounts and promised to cooperate in removing \"unlawful\" content and handles, it has not responded to the IT ministry's notice.The ministry had asked Twitter to remove 28 pages -- carrying inflammatory content with fictitious details relating to Assam violence - on Tuesday. Not getting any response from the website, the government on Wednesday set a deadline for removing these pages.If the government decides to act on its threat, it is likely to ask internet service providers (ISPs) to block Twitter. ISPs can do it in two ways - blocking DNS and blocking IP addresses. The DNS method is most popular. It will stop people from accessing Twitter because the URL (www.twitter.com) will not be resolved by DNS servers managed by ISPs and a user will not connect to Twitter servers.However, it is easy to bypass this block. There are tens of third-party DNS servers and a user can easily change his internet settings to bypass this block. The IP address method blocks the IP addresses belonging to Twitter but this too is easy to bypass through proxy servers and several other methods.To block a website effectively, India will require the kind of web monitoring and firewall that China has built. China can block URLs not only by identifying keywords but also by carrying out deep inspection of web traffic flowing through its cables. This sort of infrastructure costs billions of dollars as well as takes time.Indian agencies are exploring technical as well as legal options on whether they can actually close down Twitter as a last resort. \"One of the options before them is to take help of the US which has some kind of legal arrangement with Twitter as its server is located in that country,\" an official said.Admitting to difficulties, telecom minister Kapil Sibal said some websites had refused to share user information, contending that they were beyond the jurisdiction of India as their web servers were located in other countries.\"We have to make efforts in consultation with the websites and impress upon them to create an institutional mechanism to prevent misuse of technology,\" he told reporters outside Parliament.A day after TOI reported the tussle between PMO and Twitter over fake accounts, the blogging site finally responded to India's concerns. \"Twitter has responded. It is now actively reviewing and will locate the illegal content,\" said an official. \"We will work with the website on this matter through the department of electronics and information technology,\" he added.Twitter reportedly told the PMO that it could not respond earlier because it was not notified of the fake accounts through proper procedure. The PMO had written to the website about these accounts in June but received no response.Twitter could be implying that it would have been better had PMO used the website's \"reporting a violation\" option through which anyone can notify it of illegal content or accounts.For impersonation, the website's policy notes, \"Twitter accepts and processes impersonation reports from the person being impersonated or someone legally authorized to act on his or her behalf.\"\"India is important to us and we would like to have clearer communication in these matters in future,\" Twitter told PMO.TOI contacted the social networking website through its official Twitter accounts, seeking clarification on its communication with the Indian government , but did not get any response till late on Wednesday.The government has so far ordered blocking of 310 web pages where morphed and inflammatory content were uploaded with the aim to incite Muslims in the wake of ethnic clashes in Assam. Except for 28 pages that appeared on Twitter, all other pages have been blocked or deleted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614661", "title": "Chitrangada", "text": "CreditsFilm : ChitrangadaMain Cast : Rituparno Ghosh , Jishu Sengupta, Raima Sen , Dipankar Dey etcDirector : Rituparno GhoshGenre : DramaRelease : Aug 31, 2012Synopsis : The story revolves around two characters Rudra and Partho. Rudra decides to host a play and Partho joins in. They get attracted to each other and start thinking of a life together. When Rudra decides to change his sexuality to a woman he is faced with mental trauma on his identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15608092", "title": "AIFF's IPL-like plan irks clubs", "text": "MUMBAI: In what promises to be a key dialogue after months of harbouring differences with each other over a host of issues, the All India Football Federation (AIFF) along with its commercial and marketing partners, IMG-Reliance, are keen to clear the air with I-League clubs through a detailed presentation in New Delhi on Thursday. While there is talk of the much-hyped proposal of a slickly packaged two-month long promotional league being the dominant agenda at the meeting, the AIFF and IMG-Reliance will be treating it as a sub-note among the many plans to be presented.\"This will be a joint presentation by the AIFF and IMG-Reliance to discuss the road-map they have drawn up for the future of football in the country. The talk of the new tournament will only be part of the discussion and not the main criteria in the dialogue on Thursday,\" said a source.The proposed franchisee-based league is an idea that hasn't gone down too well with the clubs who believe that the commercialization of the venture has almost nothing for them to gain from. \"We've been struggling for years and have got virtually nothing in return. It makes all our investments meaningless,\" said an official from one of the clubs.The AIFF and IMG-Reliance though, have a different take on the issue. \"The AIFF is looking at the IPL-styled tournament as a way to let the investors know that football in India is marketable. Once the eye-balls are grabbed, it will affect the I-League in a positive way. The AIFF and IMG-Reliance will in no way want to do something to jeopardize the interests of the clubs,\" said the source.A blueprint has been prepared to portray the tournament as an exhibition and if it does go ahead, would involve I-League clubs having to \"loan\" out their players for the duration of the event. \"This is just one of the many issues we have with the whole concept,\" said a club official. However, the main agenda of the I-League Professional Football Club's Association (IPFCA) -- formed in March this year -- would be ensuring the I-League is granted status of a commercial entity. \"We have decided that I-League should be made a legal entity first. It has been long overdue and that would be our main issue at the meeting,\" I-League Professional Football Clubs Association president Raj Gomes said after all the clubs, spare Pailan Arrows, met on Wednesday.Relations between the IPFCA and Reliance-IMG had soured when the latter failed to fulfill their promise to come up with a \"blueprint\" for a developmental plan in April this year. Interestingly, Jefferson Slack \u2014 IMG's senior vice-president, global business development who is spearheading the project in India and had spoken of the proposed blueprint \u2014 will be conspicuous by his absence at the meeting.The presentation would also include India's vision for the 2026 World Cup apart from a structured plan with regards to the under-17 World Cup whose hosting rights India plan to bid for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611133", "title": "Cases of diarrhoea rising in Kanpur, 3-yr-old dies", "text": "KANPUR: A three year old baby has reportedly died due to diarrhoea and at least 7 others have fallen ill due to this disease in various thickly populated localities of the city. According to the data, maximum cases of diarrhoea were reported from the localities where chlorine level in water was found low or zero in the recent survey of the health department.Gungun (3) of Ravidaspur in Barra died due to diarrhoea on Wednesday. She was suffering from the disease since past one week and was undergoing treatment of a local doctor.Other fresh cases of diarrhoea and water-borne diseases were also reported from Jajmau and other densely populated localities of the city.The doctors treating diarrhoea patients asserted that the contaminated water was the main reason behind the spread of the disease in large form.Dr SK Tiwari, additional chief medical superintendent of UHM hospital informed that several cases of diarrhoea and gastroenteritis were being reported from various localities due to consumption of contaminated water in the OPDs of the hospital everyday.\"The majority victims are kids who got sick due to living in unhygienic civic conditions and consuming contaminated water,\" added Dr Tiwari further.When TOI team inspected few areas where diarrhoea cases are taking toll it was found that unhygienic conditions prevailed in the localities. The sewer lines were chocked and filth was scattered all around. The potholed roads have turned like a pond giving ample scope to the mosquitoes to breed.Apart from the unhygienic living conditions the contaminated water is the other reason for the spread of the disease. According to the residents, even after making several complaints to Municipal body and Jal Sansthan officials nothing has been done to check the impurities in drinking water till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613377", "title": "Ustad Rashid Khan\u2019s Eid party", "text": "Move over Sheilas, Munnis and Anarkalis because it was time for the 'darling' of music to rock the console.Usha Uthup might not have said it in as many words at Ustad Rashid Khan's Eid party on Monday evening but it was exactly what many felt when they heard Didi sing. Be it Kolaveri di or O podu, she ensured that almost everyone hit the makeshift dance floor at Khan's sprawling green lawns in between having biryani and kebabs.Politicians, actors, musicians and corporate honchos \u2014 the party had an enviable presence guestlist. While Agnimitra Paul flaunted a bun (she never does it otherwise), Locket Chatterjee flaunted an interesting out-of-the-bed look. \"We are waiting for Baba's song from Talaash to release,\" said Ustadji's daughter Shaona, before dragging her father to dance to Chikni chameli. But what's a party without its share of goss? Well, there was no dearth of that too as many were overheard discussing the latest buzz doing the rounds of cracks in a celeb marriage and a supposed affair between an actor and a celeb who is into performing arts!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "townsville (australia)", "code": "15614907", "title": "Bowlers guide Indian colts to Under-19 World Cup final", "text": "TOWNSVILLE (AUSTRALIA): India relied on spinners Baba Aparajith and Harmeet Singh to pull off a thrilling 9-run victory over New Zealand and cruise into the final of the ICC U-19 Cricket World Cup on Thursday.ScorecardDefending a modest total of 209, Indian bowlers maintained their consistency throughout as they restricted New Zealand to 200 for nine in their 50 overs to set up a title clash against Australia on Sunday.Needing 18 off last over, medium pacer Sandeep Sharma kept his cool as he gave away only nine runs as India made it to summit clash quite comfortably in the end at the Tony Ireland stadium.Young Tamil Nadu lad Aparajith got his second successive man-of-the-match award for his all-round show as he scored 44 before taking the important wicket of Robert O'Donell.This is India U-19 team's fourth appearance in the final of the tournament having won the 2000 and 2008 editions while they were runners-up in 2006.A target of 210 was never a tall-order for the Black Caps colts but all-rounder Aparajith (1/29) and the young sardar from Mumbai Harmeet (2/30) stifled the set New Zealand pair of Cam Fletcher (53) and O'Donell (29) in the middle overs to set it up for the Indians.The duo gave away only 59 runs in the 20 overs between them and also shared three wickets. The highlight certainly were the Batting Powerplay overs where two of them gave away only 14 runs in the five overs.While New Zealand lost the first four wickets for 63 runs, Carter-O'Donell duo put on 56 runs for the fifth wicket without much fuss. It looked as if New Zealand were cruising along towards victory before Harmeet-Aparajith applied brakes on scoring. Back to-back maidens in the 34th and 35th overs suddenly increased the pressure on the Kiwis.As the pressure mounted, O'Donell closed the face of his bat to an off-break from Aparajith to offer a simple return catch as India made decisive inroads.Indian bowlers have done a good job in the tournament and even on Thursday the pace trio of 'U-19 veteran' Sandeep Sharma (2/36), Kamal Passi (1/48) and Ravi Kant Singh (2/49) complemented the effort of their spinners.The trio bowled well within themselves with Ravi Kant again producing an inspirational delivery. Connor Neynes (14) was yorked by the young Bengal pacer which certainly was the best delivery of the match.Earlier, India's middle-order frittered away the good start provided by the top half as the team posted a disappointing 209 for nine.Opener Prashant Chopra was the top-scorer for the Indians with a patient 104-ball 52, followed by No 3 Aparajith who added 44 runs to the total.Skipper Unmukt Chand also did his bit with 31 runs off 44 deliveries but the rest of the line-up let the team down against a disciplined bowling effort by the New Zealand team.For the Kiwis, left-arm spinner Ben Horne was the top wicket-taker, picking up three for 23 in six overs, while medium pacer Matthew Quinn managed a couple of scalps.It was a decent start to the proceedings for the Indians as Unmukt and Prashant put on 51 runs for the first wicket before the former made his way back after becoming medium pacer Connor Neynens' only victim of the match.Unmukt's knock included five hits to the fence. Next man in, Aparajith took hardly any time to settle down and rotated the strike with ease.Aparajith and Prashant combined to add 81 runs before the latter departed, caught one-handed by Kiwi skipper Will Young at mid on off Ed Nuttall's bowling.Prashant struck five boundaries and a six during his innings. Aparajith departed a couple of overs later, his 61-ball innings ended by Indian-origin spinner Ish Sodhi.The rest of the Indian line-up failed to make notable contributions as the team were restricted to a disappointing total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609699", "title": "Tiger tourism ban: SC says commercial activity seems to top Centre\u2019s priorities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset with the Union government's U-turn on banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, the Supreme Court on Wednesday said the Centre appeared more concerned about commercial activity than protecting tigers.It mocked the Centre's crude attempt to wriggle out of its month-old stand and said the July 24 interim order banning tourism in core areas would stay till the government came out with a clear stand on protecting tigers and notifying the core and buffer areas.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar came down heavily on the Centre after counsel Wasim A Qadri sought time for the government to review what it had on July 9 termed as finalized 'Guidelines for Ecotourism in and around Protected Areas'.Qadri's feeble plea that the Centre was not changing its stand was shot down by the bench. \"This is all you are trying to make up. You had detailed deliberations and then filed the counter affidavit and the guidelines. We will not touch the matter till you (the government) give a clear stand based on facts and data,\" it said.\"Two things we want to know from the Centre - one, what are you doing to get core and buffer areas of tiger reserves notified and second, how are you going to save the tigers,\" the bench added, expressing concern over the manner in which the tiger population had been allowed to dwindle from 13,000 to a meagre 1,400 at present.\"You tell us what you are going to do about it (improving safety of tigers),\" the bench said while extending the interim ban in core areas of tiger reserves till August 29.Qadri said the Centre was seeking time to consider the representations received from states opposing ban on tourism in core areas. But he was swiftly countered by amicus curiae Raj Panjwani, who clarified that only Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan had sent representations. All other states were in agreement with the SC's July 24 interim order, he said.The bench said, \"Now you are entertaining representations? Why did you recommend ban on tourism in the first place? Take better steps by the next date. Take a considered view. We have the entire picture in mind.\"A fact-sheet available with Panjwani showed that core and buffer areas in 42 tiger reserves in 17 states had already been notified, 12 of which were done on the orders of the apex court.On July 9, the Centre had filed the guidelines, which were based on key recommendations of the Tiger Task Force (2005) and were in sync with Section 38(v) of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 (as amended in 2006). It defined core/critical wildlife habitats as such areas that needed to be kept inviolate for tiger conservation without affecting the rights of Scheduled Tribes or forest dwellers.But on Tuesday, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) said the Union government had received inputs and suggestions from states in the context of the SC's interim order banning tourism in core areas and that it needed time to consider them.\"The states have expressed concern that many local people depend on tourism for their livelihood and hence stoppage of tourism in core areas of tiger reserves would result in loss of such income leading to discontent which may be a threat to wildlife and forests,\" the NTCA said.\"Besides, the common citizen would be deprived of an opportunity to appreciate our natural heritage. Further, concerns have been expressed from various quarters on the process adopted by states in notifying the buffer areas of tiger reserve,\" it had said.Citing the loss of income to local population and people being deprived of appreciating wildlife heritage, the Union government requested the court to permit it to \"review the guidelines and conduct more consultations with all stakeholders including state governments and representatives of local and indigenous communities besides reviewing the process adopted by states in notifying buffer areas of tiger reserves\".Times ViewAn all-or-nothing approach to tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves is likely to be counter-productive. There is certainly merit in the argument that unrestricted commercialisation threatens the habitat of the tiger as of other wildlife. It does not, however, follow logically from that there should be commercial activity at all. If all tourists and locals are kept out of the core areas, it could aid rather than hinder poachers and those forest officers who are willing to collude with them. The answer, therefore, lies in allowing limited commercial activity under strictly supervised conditions. This creates a larger pool of stakeholders for the project to save the tiger and that can only be good news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15611030", "title": "Groundwater levels depleting fast in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Groundwater levels in Haryana are depleting very fast, threatening the future of agricultural productivity in one of the largest farming states of the country. Recent data gathered by the ground water wing of the state agriculture department revealed that most districts in the state have witnessed critical fall of 7.29 meters, on an average, in the past 12 years.While southern Haryana's central point, Mahendergarh district has recorded the biggest fall of 19.45 metres, Fatehabad district is at number two with depletion of 15.79 metres. Jhajjar and Rohtak districts have witnessed smallest depletion of 0.18 and 0.21 metres respectively.According to Sanjiv Chadha, hydrologist, department of agriculture, Haryana, major reasons behind this phenomenon is urbanization, deficient rainfall and deforestation. He also termed overexploitation of groundwater by digging borewells as a dominant factor, because of which, proper recharge of water could not take place. The state has around seven lakh tubewells for agriculture purposes while there are more such wells being used for other purposes.Highlighting urbanization as a key factor, Chadha said that a farmer requires water for his crops for a specific period, but due to urbanization and concrete roads, the rainwater is not getting absorbed, affecting the process of groundwater recharge.Farm experts had termed the situation as alarming and having an adverse impact on agriculture production in the state, he said. As against a target of 12 lakh hectares, there will be a shortfall of 1.38 lakh hectares of paddy acreage in Haryana this year. The state agriculture department is expecting an adverse impact on basmati rice cultivation -- the state has managed to bring 10.62 lakh hectares under basmati this year as against 12.35 lakh hectares last year. Haryana accounts for 40% of the country's basmati production with almost 7.5-8 lakh hectares under basmati varieties, sources said.The state has also seen a sharp fall in the area under cultivation of cotton and bajra crops due to insufficient rains. Against a target of 6 lakh hectares, the acreage under cotton remained low at 5.25 lakh hectares, reporting a shortfall of 75,000 hectares. Cultivation of bajra has also gone down sharply to 2.71 lakh hectares against the target of 6.10 lakh hectares, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609572", "title": "Government Industrial Training Institute official arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Medchal police have nabbed a 35-year-old assistant training officer of Government Industrial Training Institute (ITI) for duping innocent students on the pretext of providing them admission at the institute.Police said CH Venkata Ratnam, assistant training officer at ITI, Medchal, collected Rs 3,000 from 25 students each by promising them admission at the ITI. He told them they can appear for the exams even if they do not attend classes.Exams at the ITI started on Wednesday, but Venkata Ratnam failed to provide them hall-tickets. Realising that they were duped by Ratnam, the students approached the Medchal police.\"Based on their complaint, we have booked a cheating case against Ratnam and taken him into custody,\" Medchal inspector A Rami Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610998", "title": "Attack on lawyer: HC summons SSP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Wednesday summoned SSP Allahabad in connection with the attack on a senior lawyer KR Sirohi. A division bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel directed for the personal presence of SSP on Friday on a PIL filed by the Allahabad High Court Bar Association.Senior advocate Shashi Nandan appeared for the High Court Bar Association and informed the bench that five named accused in the case have been arrested but still Sirohi was getting threat calls.The bench asked the state counsel Ramanand Pandey who was appearing in this case for the state to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609843", "title": "Epidemics loom over filthy Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore's garbage woes stare at you every morning as you get out of the house. Very soon, if the situation remains unresolved, it will be a bigger problem than just an eyesore and an attack on your olfactory sensesThe garbage dumps around your house or apartment complex can be the source of dengue, malaria, typhoid, jaundice or even leptospirosis, say doctors.Bangalore has already registered 373 cases of dengue since January 1, 2012, and three official deaths due to the mosquito-borne disease. \"If the BBMP does not take timely action to clear garbage from the city, it can spread more fly and mosquito-borne diseases like dengue and malaria,\" said Dr AB Chaudhury, joint director, communicable diseases, health and family welfare department, Karnataka.Garbage, if coupled with rain which is visiting the city on and off, can spell trouble for the city. Said Dr Sheela Chakravarthy, consultant, internal medicine, Fortis Hospital: \"Garbage piles are home to rodents, mosquitoes and flies. Besides dengue and malaria, leptospirosis can spread through rodents. Although leptospirosis is not common in Bangalore, it can be a real scare during the monsoon.\"Piling up of garbage is more dangerous during the monsoon as it also poses the threat of groundwater contamination. \"Water contamination can cause diseases like typhoid, cholera , jaundice and gastroenteritis. Children are the most vulnerable to such diseases. It can also spread viral diseases and create health hazard in the city,\" said Dr Dwijendra Prasad, consultant, internal medicine, BGS Global Hospitals.SOME GOOD ADVICEDr Narendra Prasad, consultant, internal medicine, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal, advised: \"If there is garbage piled up around your house, it is advisable to keep your windows shut, especially during the evenings. Also cover doors and windows with nets so that flies and mosquitoes don't enter the house. It is advisable to apply mosquito repellant before stepping out and use it through the day. Faces should be covered with masks or handkerchiefs, especially for children.\"Garbage is also getting scattered because the lack of large, collection bins means stray dogs spread the filth across a larger area. With Bangalore said to have one stray dog for every 37 people, the havoc caused can be immense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609847", "title": "City to host Bard's Gujarati 'globetrotters'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: William Shakespeare has been performed in Gujarati for more than a century now. But earlier this year, Sunil Shanbag's 'Maro Piyu Gayo Rangoon' became the first Shakespearean Gujarati play to be performed on the stage which was once the bard's own.This Gujarati adaptation of one of Shakespeare's great plays - 'All's well that end's well' - was performed at the Globe Theatre in May during the prestigious World Shakespeare Festival. Shanbag's Arpana Theatre will present the same performance in Ahmedabad at the Jai Shankar Sundari Hall on Thursday evening.Ahmedabad's Archan Trivedi, who was part of the troupe, recounts his experience of performing on the bard's stage. \"It was a great opportunity and I was delighted to be at the Globe,\" he says. \"The rituals they perform at there are wonderful. Thirty per cent of the audience was made of British people and they liked our production.\"Director Shanbag promises great entertainment , as he is slated to present his production before native audience. \"This is a different kind of production,\" he says. \"I am sure the audience in Ahmedabad will enjoy Bhuta's language and Uday Majumdar's music. Our actors are seasoned. We had a successful performance at London, where Gujarati speaking people constitute nearly 60 per cent of the audience.\"Penned by Mihir Bhuta, the play is a musical set in 19th century Mumbai and Saurashtra. In the plot, France has been replaced with an imaginary Rasoli village of Saurashtra, Mumbai and Rangoon replace Paris and Florence. The tale revolves around Gujarati opium and cotton traders. The original protagonists - Count Bertram and Helena, transform into Bharatram and Heli.Arpana specializes in live music and singing during performances. The cast is made up of singer-actors like Chirag Vora, Minal Patel, Utkarsh Majmudar, Mansi Parekh and Trivedi, who was the first actor from Gujarat who performed at the Globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608661", "title": "GMCH radiology department goes hi-tech", "text": "NAGPUR: Keeping pace with the ever-improving technology, the radiology department of the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) is all set to be equipped with some very sophisticated gadgets. One of these, a digital X-ray machine was inaugurated in the hospital on Tuesday while the foundation stone for the project of the other, an ultra-modern CT scan, was also laid on the same day.This kind of CT scan is available in very few hospitals in the country and is also the first of its kind in the state. It will be functional as and when the construction of the site is complete in a few months. Dean of the college Dr Rajaram Powar said that enhancing the capacity of the radiology department was a measure of modernization for any institute and so is necessary to upgrade it regularly.\"Radiation hazards have acquired much importance these days, with doctors as well as patients becoming more aware. This machine will emit very low radiations, minimizing these hazards for the patients. It would be especially beneficial for pregnant women, children and women in child-bearing age,\" said Dr Kishor Taori, head of the radiology department. The X-ray machine uses the technology called digital radiology, he added. \"This allows it to take good resolution , film-less X-ray images that can be transferred to concerned department for viewing and reporting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610140", "title": "Don't gag, this comes from Films Division Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: With our current culture of ripping and watching films on laptops, desktops and what have you, a new film club might not seem like the best bet to revive an institution; especially if the institution is a government one and has regularly lived up to its reputation of being moribund. Be that as it may, a film club at Films Division Mumbai (FD) might just be the trick that sets right the frayed relations between the public institution and independent documentary film-makers.In 1948, Jawaharlal Nehru , the country's first prime minister, set off Films Division of India-part of the Information and Broadcasting Ministry-with the intention of creating an edifying collection of documentaries and news reels. Decades later, this same institute initiated a censorship impasse of sorts at the Mumbai International Film Festival (MIFF). Following the Gujarat genocide of 2002, at the 2004 edition of the biennial festival convened by FD, several documentaries-dealing with communalism, gender and so on-were dropped from the line-up because they held the potential of 'embarrassing' the state. Subsequently, over 275 film-makers came together to inaugurate Vikalp: Films for Freedom, a collective that screened films rejected by MIFF on dubious grounds.Avijit Mukul Kishore's Snapshots From A Family Album was one of the many films to have been excluded from the 2004 festival. But when V S Kundu, the new director general of Films Division, decided to launch a new film club called FD Zone after he took over in May this year, and invited the film-maker to curate it, Kishore couldn't refuse the opportunity to reopen dialogue. Consequently, he, along with film-makers Surabhi Sharma, Pankaj Rishi Kumar and Madhavi Tangella, are currently busy curating the first leg of the month-old club.Kishore explains, \"We have to bear in mind that the 2004 edition of MIFF was extremely fraught because the Gujarat riots were just behind us, and the elections were around the corner. We saw the film-screening project as a great opportunity to bring back juices that have been missing at FD. The archive is immense and we're currently finding our way around. We've been taking each session as it comes, and have so far been linking films either thematically or stylistically.\"In another move that's indicative of refreshing receptiveness, FD Zone also screens documentaries that fall outside of its collection. As a result, SNS Sastry's FD-funded This Bit of That India, 1972, has been screened alongside independent film-maker Ashim Ahluwalia's John and Jane, 2005. Made 38 years apart, both the documentaries lens into Indian youth and make for an arresting pairing.For those who prefer to live by the half-full-glass philosophy, the 75-seater theatre has, thus far, averaged a footfall of 50-70 for each screening. Explaining his modus operandi Kundu, \"Since Films Division is mandated to work with documentaries, historic footage and the like, on taking charge I started interacting with filmmakers. I realised then, that although groups like Vikalp were actively screening documentaries in Mumbai there was room for more to be done.\"The film club, however, is just one face of the massive image overhaul Kundu, has planned.Kundu elaborates, \"The digitisation of the archive was started around 2006 and is almost complete; soon we'll have digitised all 8,000 titles in our possession. Thereafter begins the lengthy restoration process. We're hoping to create new access points to the archive and adopt more vibrant marketing strategies. We're going to launch video on demand, a technology, which allows viewers to select and watch content online. Titles will be regularly uploaded and can be streamed online for free. For instance, on Mahatma Gandhi's birthday we hope upload to documentaries and new reels relevant to the life and times of the leader.\"Kundu plans to invite independent documentary film-makers to market their films via the FD site. In doing so, he hopes to increase the visibility of the documentary genre and also help out indie film-makers. FD also plans to mobilise screenings across the country. \"Jaipur and Bangalore are coming up soon. We've been in touch with film-makers in other cities. While FD will provide films and some basic monetary infrastructure, the film-makers collaborating with us will liaise with local NGOs for space and other logistical support,\" says Kundu.In 1980, FD bankrolled Santi P Chaudhury's A Painter of Our Time. This documentary on M F Husain was made long before the artist's persecutions at the hands of right-wing groups began. A screening of the same at the FD theatre or perhaps even at MIFF would be nothing short of a political coup. It would also be the best barometer of the institute's new-found open-mindedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609762", "title": "Adarsh allotted flatto vegetable vendor", "text": "MUMBAI: The judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam found on Wednesday that a vegetable vendor from Pune was allotted a flat in the Colaba housing society. Vishal Kedari (34), who lives in an illegal structure in Pune's cantonment, said he paid around Rs 60 lakh for a sea-view flat in the society after taking loans from friends. On the suspicion that he was a front for someone else, he said it was baseless.\"I sell vegetables on the roadside and I do social work,\" Kedari told the commission. \"In 2007, I came to know that flats were available in Adarsh from Sevak Nayyar, who was then working in the defence estate office in Pune. I told him I desired to have a home in Mumbai.\"A certificate issued by the Pune tehsildar in 2008 showed Kedari's annual income as Rs 1.90 lakh. When the commission asked the vendor about discrepancies in his balance sheet, Kedari could not give them a reply to its satisfaction.He told the commission he paid Rs 59.1 lakh for a 650 sqft flat in Adarsh. \"My own contribution towards the purchase was Rs 3.51 lakh,\" he said. Giving details of the loans he took, Kedari said Rs 10 lakh came from a family friend, Sunil Advani, Rs 20 lakh from Advani's friend Amit Thepade, a builder, Rs 3 lakh from Nayyar and Rs 28 lakh from Nayyar's wife.Kedar claimed that he had not yet repaid the loans, which he said were interest-free. He was then confronted with a letter he wrote to Adarsh for a change of address. He admitted he made the request-for changing his address from Khadki, where he lives, to Lulla Nagar, where Nayyar has his residence. Nevertheless he denied the suspicion that he was a benami for the defence officer. \"It will not be correct to say that Nayyar gave me a loan for buying a flat for himself. My plan was to give the Adarsh flat on rent,\" Kedari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611150", "title": "Transaction of about Rs 100 crore hit on first day of bank strike in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Transaction of about Rs 100 crore was hit on the first day of two day all-India strike of Bank employees in city on Wednesday.In response to the call of United Federation for Bank Employees Union, employees of all the nationalized bank observed strike in support of their demand. According to State Bank of India, staff association strike in all the branches of State Bank of India, Lucknow region was cent percent and other than employees, officers also observed strike.Clearing worth Rs 70 to 80 crores failed in Kanpur. Around 25 to 26 crore clearing could not take place alone in State bank of India alone while cash transaction such as deposits worth Rs 20 crore was effected according to deputy general secretary of State Bank of India Staff Association, RK Srivastava. Addressing a meeting held at main branch Srivastava said that ongoing strike was being held to lodge protest against amendment in banking laws, out sourcing and recommendations of Khandelwal committee.He further added that government was contemplating to table a bill regarding amendment in banking laws in monsoon session of Parliament. The basic idea of government was to issue license to corporate as well as private industrial houses to open banks in the country. He alleged that government was at one hand trying to privatize the banking sector by inviting foreign investment and at the same time it was making efforts to enhance the voting rights of foreign investors by amending the banking regulating act.Rajesh Bajpai, secretary said that outsourcing was one of the biggest threat to banking industry. Outsourcing would not only weakened the strength of organization but also jeopardise the job security of bank employees.He alleged that government was considering to replace the gramin banks by opening micro branches and execute banking work by business representatives.Krishna Kumar, another office bearer on this occasion said that recommendations of Khandelwal committee were not in the interest of employees. Therefore employees should strongly oppose those recommendations.Meetings were also held at other nationalized banks in, which employees took part with great zeal.Several ATMs of the city were running out of cash by 10 am as customers withdrew their money in a bid to avoid any financial problem. Long ques were witnessed in some ATM booths.Clearing worth Rs 70 to 80 crores failed in Kanpur. Around 25 to 26 crore clearing could not take place alone in State bank of India alone", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609449", "title": "No service tax on NRI remittances", "text": "PANAJI: There's some good news for NRIs as the central government has decided not to charge the proposed service tax on their overseas remittances.A communique to this effect has been received by the commissioner for NRI affairs, Wilfred Mesquita, from by the Union minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam.The Union finance ministry had earlier proposed to impose 12.36% service tax on NRIs' remittances. The proposal had generated resentment among Goans, particularly those employed abroad.The commissioner for NRI affairs had taken up the matter with Prime minister Manmohan Singh for review of the decision to levy service tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611270", "title": "Mirza approaches HC", "text": "SURAT: For the second time, disputes in Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) senate election have reached Gujarat high court.Senior Congress leader Hoshang Mirza on Wednesday challenged the election proceedings of senate polls as well as election of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGpresident Paresh Patel as senate member.Mirza claimed injustice and filed the petition against the scrutiny committee, VNSGU vice-chancellor, registrar of the varsity and Patel. \"Major points claimed by me in the petition are scrutiny committee for vote counting was biased, VC's decision to refuse recounting was also biased and few votes were declared invalid illegally by the committee,\" Mirza said.Justice D H Waghela issued a notice to the respondents and scheduled the hearing on August 27, Mirza added.\"We are yet to receive documents related to the case and further action will be decided after consultation with the advocate,\" registrar, VNSGU, J R Mehta said.Earlier, Mahendra Chauhan approached the HC and challenged decision of cancellation of his candidature by the scrutiny committee of VNSGU. Chauhan's candidature was declared invalid and he was not allowed to contest senate election from donor constituency. However, the court ruled in his favour and Chauhan won the donor seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609566", "title": "Two labourers suffer electric shock, in hospital", "text": "NASHIK: Two labourers working on a construction site suffered electric shock after they came in contact with a 32KV live wire. Both were admitted to a local hospital for treatment.The labourers, Dinesh Tadavi and Shivaji Pandit, came close to the high tension wire while working on Shri Ravi Residence's construction site, near Pathardi Village. \"The labourers were thrown off the second floor of the construction site. One of them received minor injuries, while other suffered medium grade injuries,\" the police sources said.The construction of a 14-block residential apartment, sanctioned by Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), was being carried out and much of the work was already completed. For the safety of labourers, the contractor had raised a wooden scaffolding in front of the building.\"We have raised the bamboo scaffold for the safety of people. However, a bamboo in the hands of one of the labourers came close to the wire and both the labourers were thrown off the make-shift platform. The two were immediately admitted to the Saikhedkar Hospital, Trimurti Chowk,\" one of the officials from the construction site said.The assistant electrical inspectors also visited the site after the power transmission company intimated them. \"The report has been initiated and would be completed after the statements of the two labourers are recorded,\" an assistant electrical inspector said.Sources said that if the building was constructed too close to the power lines, in violation of norms, would be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15610864", "title": "September likely to bring along vector-borne diseases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you think late monsoon has saved you from mosquito stings, then wait for some days. With an increase in rainfall, and consequent puddles and humidity, dengue and malaria causing mosquitoes are expected to breed more in September.Experts say conditions like high humidity after heavy showers are conducive for such parasites to proliferate. ''Both dengue and malaria causing parasites breed during such conditions. These favorable factors are usually found from August onwards. Though dengue mosquitoes thrive on fresh water collected anywhere, waterlogging after rain provides more space to them,'' says Dr Rakesh Sehgal of PGI department of parasitology.The late monsoon has brought down both malaria and dengue cases, with less of these reported till July as compared to the last year. According to the figures obtained from the UT malaria wing, this year till July, 71 malaria cases have been reported. It was 115 last year in the corresponding period. And 2012 has seen just one case of dengue which was reported in January.''Dengue cases start pouring in from August. This time, we have not received any such case,'' says Dr Naresh Kumar, programme officer, national vector-borne disease control programme, UT. ''We have now intensified our control programme. Fogging has been started in a few sectors. We are also creating awareness, telling people not to let water collect near their homes,'' he adds.Though there has been no alarming incidence of dengue and malaria, the city doctors are apprehensive of the coming few months. ''In the wake of the wild growth around and sufficient showers that cause water to stagnate, there is a possibility that hospitals may soon receive many cases of mosquito-borne diseases,'' says Dr R S Bedi, president of Indian Medical Association, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610373", "title": "CM flags off ambulance service", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday flagged off the Uttar Pradesh Ambulance Services for the poor. Though 200 ambulances have been made available in the first phase of implementation, beneficiaries will have to wait longer to use the services because the government has still not issued a toll-free number for booking the ambulances. An adequate number of drivers has also not been hired as yet to operate the ambulances. However, both Akhilesh and health minister Ahmed Hassan insisted that the entire services will be made operational within two months.Making the announcements from his official residence on Wednesday, the chief minister said the ambulance service would be made available free of cost for the economically weaker sections, especially pregnant women and children. He added that the registration fee of Rs 35 will also be waived off for outdoor patients in district and block level hospitals.As part of the original project, the government plans to make 972 ambulances available -- one at each block -- by October. In addition, the government also plans to kickstart the toll-free 108 Emergency Medical Transport System services, under the National Rural Health Mission, by September.Minutes after launching the ambulance service for the state, and promising, once again to end corruption in the UP, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday said that many innocent persons had also been charged under the Rs 5700 crore National Rural Health Mission scam. Though Akhilesh failed to take any names or give any clear indications of who he might have referred to, the passing reference could point towards tainted 1981 batch IAS officer Pradeep Shukla, who is one among more than 15 persons to have been arrested un connection with the multi-crore scam. Earlier, former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla were arrested by the CBI in connection with the NRHM scam.Akhilesh's statement on Wednesday assumed significance in light of the state's failure to act against the indicted officer despite evidence proving his involvement in the scam. It also raised question about the Sp government's seriousness about its promise to weed out corruption.ON Wednesday, though, Akhilesh also blamed the previous government for bringing disrepute to UP for the Rs 57,000 crore National Rural Health Mission scam. Saynig that the investigating agencies were still probing the murders of chief medical officers, Akhilesh said, \"The NRHM scam defamed Uttar Pradesh in the eyes of the entire nation. In the SP regime, however, we promise that the people of UP will get good doctors, medicines as well as proper treatment.\"Akhilesh also blamed the previous Bahujan Samaj Party government for the unavailability of doctors, nurses and paramedical staff in rural areas. Saying that the previous government failed to take any concrete action in this regard, the SP government, he added, would ensure that poor and destitute in UP get both medicines and treatment. Listing various initiatives in the area of health, Akhilesh said his government would ensure that closed medical colleges would be made functional by next year and new paramedical colleges would be established.Insisting that stern action would be initiated against all persons found guilty in the NRHM scam, health minister Hasan said that government money would be used effectively. State PWD minister Shivpal Yadav, who inadvertently referred to the ambulance services as taxi services before correcting his faux pas, said the government was doing everything to address the problem of shortage of medicines and doctors in the hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611058", "title": "ABVP wins MSUSU polls with narrow margin", "text": "VADODARA: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) emerged as winner in the M S University Students Union (MSUSU) elections on Wednesday as it won both the top two posts of union general secretary (GS) and vice-president (VP).But this year's student elections were so close that marginal votes made the difference. With thin margin, the National Students Union of India (NSUI) has demanded recounting for the post of GS.MSU officials will take a decision regarding recounting of votes on Thursday.ABVP candidates - Jayesh Balai and Sai Vichare - won by a small margin against their rival candidates supported by the NSUI. ABVP's VP candidate Sai Vichare won by a margin of 261 votes as she garnered 5968 votes against NSUI's VP candidate Bhumika Barot who bagged 5707 votes in her favour. The third candidate - Laxmi Yadav - who was also contesting for the VP's post bagged 374 votes.The margin was even thinner in the case of GS candidates. ABVP's GS candidate Jayesh Balai won by a margin of only 51 votes as he garnered 5,423 votes against NSUI's candidate Gautam Nayak who bagged 5,372 votes in his favour.After NSUI submitted application for recounting of votes, MSUSU returning officer P M Shah told TOI that the decision regarding recounting will be taken by the advisory committee which will meet on Thursday.It is worth mentioning here that last year ABVP supported candidates had won by a margin of over 1,000 votes against their rival NSUI candidates.There were five other candidates who were also contesting for the GS post. These candidates - Bhavin Arya, Akshay More, Devyani Parmar, Abhishek Prajapati and Deep Thakkar - have received 308, 334, 238, 147 and 161 votes in their favour.Although the ABVP was confident that it would sweep the polls and it also had top BJP leaders supporting the candidates, the election turned out to be a neck to neck battle as counting of votes started after 3 pm onwards.Much before the election results were declared on Wednesday evening, ABVP had already started celebrations by taking out a victory rally from the main campus to the union pavilion.NSUI on the other hand tasted victory as Purvesh Barole - a candidate supported by them for the post of faculty general secretary (FGS) won at Faculty of Commerce. At Faculty of Arts - Fazal Akbar Khan, at Faculty of Science - Jaymin Patel and Faculty of Law - Krishnaray Rayjada - won the posts of FGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610659", "title": "Panel tells govt to raise women intake in armed forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary committee has asked the defence ministry to ensure women are inducted in greater numbers into the armed forces, including through the National Defence Academy (NDA), even as another group of former IAF women officers knock on the doors of the Supreme Court for being denied permanent commission (PC).\"The ministry should create necessary infrastructure for inducting female officers for new streams, and pave the way for intake of female officers in NDA. Once such a decision is taken, opening of Sainik Schools for girls will become a complementary process,'' said the parliamentary standing committee on defence.Defence minister A K Antony, in a written reply to Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, however, contended the representation of women in the armed forces ``has increased progressively over the years''.\"There has also been a progressive increase in the branches where women officer are inducted. At present, the percentage of women officers, excluding the medical streams, is 3.3% in the Army, 3.9% in the Navy and 10.04% in the IAF,'' he said.The fact, however, remains there are only 1,214 women officers in the Army, 302 in the Navy and 1,079 in the IAF despite them being inducted in the armed forces since 1992-93. They can serve a maximum of 14 years in branches like signals, engineers, aviation, intelligence, ordnance, air traffic controller and air defence, with PC being largely restricted only to the legal, education and naval constructor wings.The former IAF officers who have approached the Supreme Court contend they got \"a raw deal'' after joining the force along with their male counterparts as short-service commission (SSC) officers in the early-1990s.``After the first five years, we were told we would get an extension of only six years despite doing better than our male counterpart in terms of courses, annual reports, commendation certificates and the like. In contrast, our male counterparts were considered for PC,'' said a former woman Squadron Leader.Incidentally, a recent parliamentary committee on empowerment of women had slammed the government for its \"discriminatory'' and \"negative'' policies on granting PC to women officers as well as inducting them in greater numbers. \"We fail to understand the negativism when it comes to employing more women in the armed forces,'' it said.The top brass of the armed forces, however, argue that granting PC to women officers across the board is not feasible due to \"operational, practical and cultural problems''. Women, of course, are not allowed to serve in combat arms like infantry, artillery or armoured corps, nor serve on board operational warships or fly fighter jets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608861", "title": "Delhi's Nangloi riots: Video nails 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixteen men have been arrested so far for their alleged involvement in the Nangloi rioting. Sources said that eight members each from the two opposing groups were arrested based on evidence from police video footage and witness accounts. There is a possibility of other people being arrested too, said a seenior officer. Almost all of the accused are between 22 and 28 years of age.On Wednesday, the situation remained normal with no fresh incidents in the area. One extra company of police has been deployed in A &amp; E blocks. \"We have been talking to elders who have all supported our moves to establish peace in the area,\" said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.The statements were being recorded where the cops have received specific names of the rioters, he added. \"If any one is found involved in rumour-mongering, strict action will be taken,\" said the officer.The two men who were injured are now stable and undergoing treatment at the Sanjay Gandhi Hospital. \"All five policemen who were injured are recuperating. We are trying to arrange for doctors for anyone who might have been hurt on Tuesday,\" added an officer from the field. The cops have also begun its process of identifying the vehicles damaged in the riots so that they can be duly compensated.Over 400 members of two groups were injured and vehicles damaged when rioters ran amuck hurling bricks at each other in the lanes of A-Block in Nangloi on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Delhi police has come down heavily on some posters that were reportedly put up in northeast Delhi and JNU. \"We found a small time politician from New Seelampur who is putting up provocative posters through a small party. A case has been registered in this regard and further investigations are on. As far as JNU is concerned, some students wanted to put up posters highlighting the issue. We advised them against this and they accepted our stand,'' said a senior officer. Police have instructed all its beat constables to ensure that no such posters are found in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610166", "title": "CBSE schools fail sanitation test", "text": "CHENNAI: Schools in the country still have a long way to go with respect to ideal sanitation standards. Less than 1% of the 500 CBSE schools that took the school sanitation rating challenge posed by the board's National School Sanitation Initiative managed the green rating, indicating that only four institutions meet more than 90% of the norms that are prescribed.In Tamil Nadu, not a single school got the green rating, while 16 of the 19 schools that took the test received a red rating, which indicates that they do not meet even one-third of the standards expected. The message for them is that the sanitation level is \"grim and needs immediate attention.\"The Ashok Leyland School in Hosur got a blue rating, the second highest, which says \"very good, but there is scope for improvement,\" while Boaz Public School on Chennai's outskirts managed a yellow rating \u2014 \"fair: can improve.\"\"I would attribute the poor rating of state schools to the lack of proper maintenance of washrooms, lack of running water supply and proper maintenance of surrounding areas,\" said CBSE regional director T Sudarshana Rao. He said the poor response was because of lack of awareness.Just 19 of the 356 CBSE schools in the state took the test since the initiative's launch in last July, with none of the leading schools accepting the challenge. Participation in the rating is voluntary now, but the board has indicated it is likely to be made mandatory.CBSE has also shown that it places a lot of importance on the rating as it has asked all schools to mention their rating in all their correspondence with the board. Under the National School Sanitation Initiative, it is mandatory for schools to emphasise on personal hygiene, proper sanitation, clean toilet habits, safe drinking water and separate toilets for girls and boys. Proper disposal, including recycling of waste water, waste segregation and composting, food hygiene and creation and conservation of green spaces are also insisted upon.Experts said that both the state and the CBSE set proper standards for schools when they seek affiliation, such as one urinal for 40 boys and one toilet for 20 girls, but these are rarely checked after affiliation is given.\"The school would have had the requisite number of toilets when applying for affiliation, but would not have added amenities after the student strength increased. Many sanitation and fire safety inspections are done arbitrarily without proper checking,\" said educational consultant KR Maalathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608181", "title": "Construction firm bags national honour", "text": "MANGALORE: In-Land Infrastructure Developers Private Limited (IIDPL), a city-based construction company, has been conferred with 'Suraksha Puraskar' of the National Safety Council (NSC).The award committee of the NSC has conferred the award recognizing the safety standards met by IIDPL in the Inland Windsors Residential Complex project.VB Patil, member secretary to Award Committee of NSC, said that the Suraksha Puraskar also has been conferred on Inland IIDPL, which developed the project through Mfar Construction Private Limited (MCPL).\"The company has won the Suraksha Puraskar that comprises a bronze shield and certificate for the Inland Windsors Residential Complex project. This award is conferred for the praiseworthy safety and healthy performance in the assessment period during the implementation of the project,\" Patil stated in an appreciation letter sent to the comapny.\"We are also honouring the client organizations and contractors with the same award. Therefore, IIDPL also has been conferred with the Suraksha Puraskar in construction sector as a client organisation,\" he added.\"We strongly believe that in the construction sector, the owners and clients also have a crucial role to play in setting requirements in the contract documents and monitoring the implementation of effective safety systems and procedures in the projects,\" he said.Union minister for labour and employment Mallikarjun Kharge will present the award at an function tentatively scheduled to be held in October or November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15614471", "title": "Cabinet notifies 123 talukas in Maharashtra as drought-hit", "text": "MUMBAI: The shadow of drought continues to deepen in Maharashtra. About one-third of the state is now drought-hit. On Wednesday, the state cabinet notified 123 out of 355 talukas in the state as drought-hit.A state delegation will meet the union government's empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on drought to press for an extensive financial assistance package for the state. All those talukas where the rainfall deficiency was 50 per cent or more, and area under sowing was 50 per cent below average were notified as drought-hit. On August 17, the state administration had identified 64 such talukas. With monsoon continuing to disappoint, the number has now risen to 123.The state administration is also preparing a list of \"drought-prone\" talukas. All talukas with rainfall deficiency of over 25 per cent and over 25 per cent reduced area under sowing will be included in this category. The most number of drought-hit talukas (44 out of 123) were located in the Western Maharashtra belt, followed by Marathwada (36).Five out of the 355 talukas have seen 75 per cent deficient rains.Rains have been 50-75 per cent deficient in 49 talukas, 25-50 per cent deficient in 124, 1-25 per cent deficient in 112 others. Rains have been normal or above average in 65 talukas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15611290", "title": "Curiosity\u2019s first test drive hits roadblock: Faulty wind sensors", "text": "LONDON: Nasa's Curiosity rover, scheduled to take its maiden test drive on the surface of Mars, on Wednesday reported its first setback when a sensor on its weather station was damaged.However, the mission team says this is not a major problem and will merely degrade some measurements, not prevent them. It is not certain how the damage occurred but engineers suspect surface stones thrown up during Curiosity's rocketpowered landing may have struck sensor circuits and broken the wiring.Nasa is describing the news as an isolated \"disappointment\" in what has otherwise been a spectacular start to the mission. Javier Gomez-Elvira, the principal investigator on the broken instrumentation \u2014 the Rover Environmental Monitoring Station (Rems) \u2014 said he was hopeful of finding a good way to get past the issue.\"We are working to recover as much functionality as possible,\" BBC News quoted Gomez-Elvira as saying.Curiosity touched down in the equatorial Gale Crater two weeks ago. It will operate on Mars for at least two Earth years. Engineers are close to completing their programme of post-landing check-outs on Curiosity. This has involved powering up all of the machine's instruments, and it was during this testing that the problem was found on Rems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609599", "title": "HC to monitor liquor scam probe on weekly basis", "text": "HYDERABAD: From now on, the high court will monitor the ongoing ACB investigation into the liquor syndicate scam on a weekly basis.The bench of acting Chief Justice P C Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar, which is hearing a batch of petitions seeking action against the syndicate members, decided on the weekly review on Wednesday. Gandra Mohan Rao, counsel for one of the petitioners, told the bench that the state was diluting the probe by transferring key ACB officials. The bench directed the ACB to file a status report in a sealed cover on the progress of the case and the time it needed to wrap up the investigation. During the course of hearing, Justice Ghose wanted to know if the ACB had filed any chargesheet as statutory period of 90 days had elapsed. The ACB counsel replied that the probe agency has to carry out its investigation across the state and would need some more time. Stating that the investigation could not be dragged for months together, Justice Ghose instructed the ACB counsel to file the report in a sealed cover within two weeks and thereafter the court will monitor the investigation on a weekly basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609466", "title": "TTAG spells out itinerary for govt", "text": "PANAJI: Tourism stakeholders in the state want the Centre to allow the Goa airport to issue visas-on-arrival to foreign tourists visiting the state.Speaking at the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa's 35{+t}{+h} Founder's Day celebrations, association president Francisco Braganza pointed out that Trivandrum has been granted this facility. \"Since Goa is the biggest foreign tourist entry point in India, the government should grant the visa-on-arrival facility to the Goa airport too. It will boost tourism,\" he said.Highlighting another issue that \"needs to be addressed\", Braganza said Goa is \"getting a bad name\" due to overcharging by taxis. He urged the state government to implement the meter system for taxis, as has been done in neighbouring Belgaum.Further citing the case where the tourism department has seen three directors in a span of two months, Braganza said, \"Persons at the helm of affairs are changed often. This should be avoided so that there is consistency.\" He said the cleanliness of beaches, and garbage collection and disposal also need to be addressed.\"Goa is a destination for many beach festivals and night markets, but getting permissions for these takes months,\" said the TTAG president. He pointed out that getting permissions for a a three-day event took six months. He felt this hassle prevents organizers from focusing on the event, and revealed that the tourism department has assured the association that it will be working on a single-window clearance system.Calling for \"planned infrastructure development\" in the state, Braganza said, \"Goa needs a tourism masterplan. We need to see that everything is planned before implementing development schemes.\"The TTAG said it wants to promote Goa as a wedding destination, but the marriage laws in the state were a hindrance. \"The government needs to change laws to facilitate weddings,\" said the association president.Asked if the tourism industry had benefited from the reduction in luxury tax during offseason, Braganza replied in the affirmative, but added that the service tax increase had nullified this to an extent. Launching the TTAG website www.ttagoa.com, Lyndon Alves, secretary of the association, said the website was to enable tourists to identify the hospitality establishments or facilities they would require in Goa and to contact them directly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609460", "title": "Retired banker living alone murdered in Paikpara home", "text": "KOLKATA: A peaceful neighbourhood in north Kolkata woke up to the murder of a 68-year-old woman in the wee hours of Wednesday. Phoolrenu Chowdhury, a retired bank employee, was smothered and bludgeoned to death in her home by robbers.Phoolrenu was single and had moved to Paikpara eight years ago because it was one of the most peaceful localities of the city. The gruesome killing brought back memories of the murder of a 90-year-old woman during a robbery at an Ultadanga housing complex in September last year.Phoolrenu had lived alone all her life but when she retired, her younger brothers Himadri and Benoy persuaded her to move into their building in Paikpara for her safety. Himadri bought a portion of the ground floor from a neighbour for his sister. It seemed like the right decision because the locality has the quiet, trusting nature of a typical north Kolkata para.Around 3am on Wednesday, a piercing scream woke up Himadri's son Babui and Partha. Partha was groggy and disoriented for a few seconds, but heard sounds of a scuffle from the floor below. \"With a shock, I realized that the noises were coming from Phoolrenu's apartment. I felt a chill run down my spine. As I was rushing down the stairs, I caught a fleeting glimpse of someone scampering over the gate and running towards Raja Manindra Road,\" he said.Robbers prised window bars to enter houseBabui also ran down after alerting his parents. He, too, spotted a shrouded figure jump down from the gate of the neighbouring house and run towards the main road. \"I instinctively felt my aunt was in danger. I called her cellphone even as we were running towards her house. But the phone kept ringing,\" he said.Himadri and Partha's shouts alerted others in the neighbourhood, including Binoy. Within minutes, there was a crowd at the house. They found the main door with the collapsible gate forced open. Phoolrenu lay on the floor, in a corner. \"She was on her back. There was gash in the right forehead and a wooden club lay next to her body. There were bloodstains on the floor,\" said Himadri. Police later said the blow to the head wasn't what killed Phoolrenu. She was smothered to death.Police suspect that one or two burglars climbed a peepal tree to access the water tank opposite the guest room and then used a bar to bend the window grille. The gap was barely one foot by one-and-a-half-foot, but the robbers somehow wriggled through. But after the murder, they fled through the main door. Police found a pair of slippers at the gate, and biri butts and footprints on the water tank. A sniffer dog followed a trail up to Raja Manindra Road but then lost the scent.Police are puzzled why the burglars did not force the two cupboards in the guest room. The brothers say two ear-rings, two finger-rings and two bangles are missing. Phoolrenu may have woken up and surprised the robbers, say police. Joint CP (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said: \"We are looking at all probable angles. When the bank reopens on Friday, we will go through her account to check recent transactions.\"According to Himadri, Phoolrenu did not have a maid and did all the chores by herself. She was also very simple at heart and allowed everyone \u2014 from vegetable vendors to salespersons \u2014 to enter her house and chatted with them. \"Everyone knew she lived alone and that she had worked in a bank,\" said Himadr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611034", "title": "Amid heavy police bandobast, 36% voting", "text": "VADODARA: Election of M S University Students Union (MSUSU) passed away peacefully without any major hiccups on Wednesday. The campus had virtually turned into a fortress of sorts with heavy deployment of police for the union polls, which witnessed around 36 per cent voting as nearly 12,220 out of 34,006 students cast their votes.As the election started at 10 am, traffic barricades and towing crane were seen for the first time on the campus. Candidates, most of them dressed in traditional attire, were making last minute efforts to win over votes of students.One of the major hurdles that both candidates and students faced during the election was regarding identity cards that faculties themselves had not issued on time.At some faculties especially the Faculty of Commerce and Polytechnic College campus, candidates faced problems as authorities did not allow them to enter the polling premises.The lack of coordination between the university officials got exposed at Polytechnic College. Even as a candidate and observer committee showed a written communication signed by the returning officer of MSUSU which stated that candidates should be allowed to go inside the polling premises and they should be stopped only if they are caught campaigning, the college authorities did not relent. It took nearly half an hour before the authorities allowed the candidates enter the premises.At Faculty of Education and Psychology, Faculty of Science and Faculty of Social Work, the authorities insisted that students should produce 'renewed' smart cards. Smart cards unlike identity cards are issued only once!Thanks to delay done by the faculty authorities, a large number of students could not exercise their voting right at Faculty of Medicine. Only 83 out of 1,800 students could vote here.At Faculty of Arts, which had issued temporary identity cards, around 400 students could not vote because the validity of the identity cards expired on Tuesday - a day before the polls and the faculty was not ready to issue fresh identity cards.Across the day, 14 buses owned by private city bus operator - Vitcos - were roped in along with private cars and vehicles to ferry students from Halls of Residence and prominent areas of the city. Most of them were managed by ABVP.BOX OF SNIPPETSSENIOR MOST VOTERT B Joshi was an unusual voter, who exercised his voting right during the M S University Students Union (MSUSU) elections on Wednesday. Joshi, who used his voting right at Faculty of Law, is 81 years old. This retired executive engineer of the Indian Railways drew everybody's attention with his presence. Joshi is a second year law student, who occupies the first bench in classroom. On Wednesday, he forgot to bring his fee slip but he took the pain to go back and collect his fee slip from his home and returned to cast his vote at the campus.KAAPLI KA KAMAALMany students used smart means to counter the code of conduct during this election. Instead of handing over visiting card-size cards to voters before they enter the polling booths, candidates and their supporters this time handed over 'kaaplis' to the voters for last minute campaigning. Almost similar to the size of the kaaplis (small chits) that are used by copy cat students inside exam centres, these kaaplis easy to smuggle overflowed the campus. Each kaapli distinctly listed the names of the candidates, the post for which they are contesting and their number on the ballot.TOWING INSIDEIt was expected that MSU campus would turn into a fortress with heavy police bandobast. But nobody had expected that even traffic police would be deployed inside the campus and traffic barricades and a towing crane will be in place to stop vehicles. Ironically, outside the campus there were no restrictions when a series of bus that candidates used for ferrying students blocked traffic movement at prominent junctions in the city.MERI BHI CHUPOn the eve of the MSU Students Union (MSUSU) elections, there was filmi style fighting at three spots including the Polytechnic College campus and the Fatehgunj circle early on Wednesday morning. According to sources, a candidate contesting for the post of faculty general secretary from Polytechnic College was beaten up by outsiders and a group of students linked with a student outfit around 1.30 am. Both the candidate and one of his supporters got badly injured, but there was no police complaint filed. When media persons inquired about the incident, the candidate himself denied that any such incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611215", "title": "Varanasi's lanes to be maintained on public-private-partnership model", "text": "VARANASI: Faced with the gigantic task of protecting the centuries old \"texture\" of the serpentine lanes of the city, UP Tourism is planning to maintain the prominent lanes of the city on a public-private-partnership (PPP) model.According to Avinash Mishra, deputy director, UP Tourism, the city is going to attract hundreds of tour operators during the International Buddhist Conclave in September.\"Thousands of tourists will arrive here in this connection and in the tourist season beginning in earnest in October. At the same time the world famous gullies of the city are facing threat of unhygienic conditions and lack of maintenance. Keeping this in view, a few important lanes of tourists interest which lead to prominent ghats like Dashaswamedh Ghat, Mir Ghat, Lalita Ghat, Marnikarnika Ghat and other surrounding lanes have been selected to be maintained under public private partnership,\" he informed.\"Some people are showing interest for adoption of certain gullies for maintenance. If all goes well, the work will start from September month. We are in fact ready to provide financial assistance as well,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that the serpentine lanes of the city which house rich cultural heritage, monuments, important temples, muths, and ashrams are of international interest as well as enchanting for domestic tourists and devotees. \"While the Municipal Corporation of Varanasi (VMC) is doing its bit, the cleanliness conditions in these lanes are not up to the mark,\" said Mishra.Besides, as many as 20 paying guest houses have been added to the list of 133 already existing ones for tourists (under bed and breakfast scheme) in the city.It is noteworthy that most of these houses are situated in the prominent gullies of the city and are mostly inhabited by backpackers and scholars from foreign countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608884", "title": "Pench's mega health care initiative for field staff", "text": "NAGPUR: In a unique move, the Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR), with the support of Mumbai's Hemendra Kothari Foundation (HKF) will launch a mega health care initiative for its permanent and temporary employees in the first week of September.\"This is for the first time such an initiative has been launched. The basic objective is that if the field staff is healthy, so will be the protection level,\" said MS Reddy, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of Pench.Over 320 permanent employees including 120 from Pench, 57 from Mansinghdeo, 25 from Tipeshwar, 31 from Bor, 13 from New Bor and 74 from special tiger protection force (74), and daily wagers (van majoors) will get the benefit of the health care project known as Health Screen Care Programme (HSCP). It will be done with the involvement of specialized team of doctors.Earlier, such an initiative had been launched in Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) in which over 500 employees benefited. The initiative in Pench will be launched with the help of NGOs like Nagpur Diocese Social Service Society (NDSSS) and Youth for Nature Conservation Organization (YNCO), Amravati.Explaining the project, Dr Swapnil Sonawne, chairman of YNCO, said it is the field staff that is really involved in forest protection. \"But it's observed that employees staying in protection huts are deprived of proper diet due to strenuous nature of work. They will be brought to Nagpur in groups of 20 and examined at a private hospital and research centre on Amravati road,\" he said.Dr Sonawne added that in the first phase screening will include blood testing, ECG and general health-check up. In the second phase, surgery patients, if any will, be examined. Drugs will be given free of cost. \"The follow-up activity will be done on weekly, monthly and fortnightly basis depending on the severity of the disease,\" he said.The health initiative will also include camps in buffer areas. Besides, plans are afoot to conduct vocational training for villagers in and around Pench in the age group of 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15609624", "title": "50-yr-old fights 4 robbers, saves wife", "text": "CHENNAI: Talk about pulling no punches. Displaying extraordinary courage and fighting skills, an unarmed 50-year-old man saved his wife from four knife-wielding robbers half his age, beating the daylights out of two of them and scaring away the others at a massage parlour and clinic on Kodambakkam High Road on Tuesday evening.Police on Wednesday said Ramachandran used the martial art kalaripayattu, which he learnt as a child, to good effect when the robbers held his wife, Ambika, at knifepoint and demanded that he hand over all the cash in the massage parlour.Ramachandran took the robbers by surprise when he launched himself at them, an investigating officer said. \"He thrashed two of them and handed them over to the police,\" the officer said. \"Two other members of the gang were so frightened by Ramachandran\"s aggression that they fled for their lives.\"Ramachandran told the police that he and his wife were entering Kerala Kotakkal Ayurvedic Massage Clinic around 4.10pm when four men approached them and claimed that they were anti-vice squad policemen.\"They refused to show us identity cards and barged into the parlour, claiming that they had heard that it was being used for shady activities.\" Ramachandran said. \"They suddenly whipped out knives. Two of them held knives to Ambika\"s throat and threatened to kill her.\"They snatched Ambika\"s gold chain and cellphone and said they would kill her if Ramachandran did not give them all the cash in the parlour. When Ramachandran refused to comply with their demands, they slashed Ambika\"s hand.This enraged Ramachandran and he attacked the two men, Manikandan, of Kodungaiyur, and Velmurugan, of Poompuhar, who were holding Ambika, the investigating officer said. \"He punched the two robbers and disarmed them,\" he said. \"When they saw him unleash powerful kicks and punches, the two other robbers took to their heels. Ramachandran called Kumaran Nagar police and had Manikandan and Velmurugan arrested. Ramachandran, from Kannur, learned kalaripayattu for 10 years. He moved to Chennai four months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15610932", "title": "Weak monsoon builds up in Aug", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Frequent showers over the week are making up for the rain deficiency.As the weak monsoon gathered steam in mid-August, the period saw more rainfall (215.2 mm) than last year's 72.5 mm. In this period, August 21 received the highest rainfall (93.8mm) whereas last year, the day saw no showers. The week from August 16 to August 22 saw just one day without rain, but last year the period had seen four dry days.The downpour has taken the humidity level up, with it hovering around 90% and above on most of the days. The humidity level was 98% on August 20. But in 2011, it remained between 53 and 80 in the time span.Sunita Singla, a resident of Sector 15, said, ''It's good that finally monsoon has picked up steam. It has brought respite from the scorching weather.''Gunjan Chauhan, a student of Sector 32, said, '' I am thoroughly enjoying the rain. The week has been pleasant. I wish the weather remains the same for another few weeks.''Sumit Malhotra of Sector 36 said, 'Global warming and deforestation have affected seasons. Till a few weeks ago, it hardly seemed like a monsoon season.''Kunal Kohli of Sector 7 made the most of Tuesday showers by getting together with friends and family. 'The pleasant weather gave me a reason to organize a party for my near and dear ones. Everyone had a rocking time.'And many are happy with showers checking outages. A resident of Sector 29, Anjana Patheja, said, ''Rain has brought the temperature down. There is no more sweating and vindictive sun. The best thing is we are sparred of the frequent power cuts, as use of air-conditioners has gone down.''Director of meteorological department Surinder Paul said, ''Finally the monsoon has arrived in full force showers will continue for some more days. Low pressure area that forms at Bay of Bengal was not formed at the proper time which delayed the rain this season.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15610690", "title": "IAS section now at Madurai library", "text": "MADURAI: A new section for IAS aspirants has been thrown open for the public at the district central library in Madurai on Wednesday.The internet-enabled civil service aspirants section, inaugurated by collector Anshul Mishra at the library premises in Simmakkal would have a whopping 25,000 books on varied disciplines. The section has diversified collection to enable students to prepare for preliminary exams for UPSC, railway board exams, bank officers selection exam, teacher recruitment board exams, State-Level Eligibility Test (SLET) and National Eligibility Test (NET) for college faculty and books for various other competitive exams.The section would also have encyclopaedia, dictionary for several laguages. \"These books are specifically chosen to meet the requirements of the aspirants. Students should make optimum use of the books,\" Mishra said.Nearly 1.5 lakh books of the total 1.87 lakh books in the district central library in Madurai have been bar-coded for online tracking and renewal by borrowers while the work is on to barcode the remaining books also. \"After the completion of barcoding, readers can easily renew the date for return of borrowed books online,\" said librarian Krishnaveni. She said that browsing will be introduced very soon in the library.The foundation stone for the district central library functioning in two floors was laid by then chief minister M Bakthavachalam in 1965 and was inaugurated in 1970. On an average, about 500 readers visit the library everyday. \"There are no sufficient chairs when a number of readers visit the library in the evenings and weekends. We want more chairs,\" said a reader Shanmugam from Goripalayam.\"There are two vacancies in the library for office assistants. The vacancies are not filled up for a long time,\" an employee there said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613306", "title": "Marry Kom is willing to fight the odds", "text": "At a time when people from the north-east are fleeing from many parts of the country in rumour-fuelled fear for their lives, this is heartening news. It is particularly so given the fact that the epicentre of the exodus was in Bangalore. In life, as in the ring, Mary Kom has shown that she is one who is willing to fight the odds.We hope that this gesture will instill some much-needed confidence and encourage others from the north-east to return to their jobs elsewhere in the country. Perhaps it may also give some of those inciting violence or spreading rumours to pause and rethink what they have been doing.Related story:  Want to settle in Bangalore: Mary Kom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610425", "title": "National orthopedic meet from Saturday in Patna", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar branch of central zone of Indian Orthopedic Association, in association with Bihar Orthopaedic Association, is organizing the two-day 12th national conference beginning Saturday to mark the centenary of Bihar's formation.As many as 500 delegates along with reputed orthopedic surgeons of national and international fame from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan are expected to participate in the conference, which will focus on 'geriatric orthopedics'.\"We chose this subject since the old-age problems are increasing in the society, mainly osteoporosis and osteoarthritis. We need to create awareness about their prevention and cure,\" said Dr Amulya Kumar Singh, chairman, organizing committee of the conference, while addressing a press conference here on Wednesday.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey will inaugurate the conference. The guest of honour will be Dr Ajit Saigal, president of central zone, and Dr Sudhir Kapoor, secretary of Indian Orthopedic Association.Dr Gyaneshwari Prasad (UK), Dr R C Meena (Jaipur), Dr S K S Marya (New Delhi), Dr Ranjan Kamilya (Kolkata), Dr S C Goel (Varanasi) and Dr S M Lakhotia (Kolkata) will be prominent among those who will address the conference.On the last day, there will be an awareness programme on bone and joint problems of old age for the general masses, where general public will interact with leading orthopedic surgeons of national fame about their problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610122", "title": "CMOs murder: CBI to submit status report before HC today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is likely to file status reports in two CMOs murder case, Lucknow NRHM scam and state NRHM cases on Thursday before the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court. The high court is monitoring the progress of these probes. The CBI may also file the status report on deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan death case.Initially, the court had directed the CBI to solve the NRHM scam cases in three months. Since then over a year has passed after the court issued directives in July, 2011, but the agency has failed to conclude the probes. It asked for more time from the court, which has granted three extensions to the agency so far. On Thursday, the matter is listed before the division bench of justice Imtiaj Murtaza and justice Ashwani Kumar Singh.The scam surfaced in April last year when Lucknow's chief medical officer (family welfare), B P Singh, was shot dead in the city. In October 2010, his predecessor Dr V K Arya had been killed in a similar manner. It was alleged that both the murders were linked to the NRHM scam. After Singh was killed, police said deputy CMO Y S Sachan was the key accused in the scam and that he had masterminded the two murders.The special task force of UP Police which was also roped in to solve the mystery behind the two murders of health officials finally on June 17 last year itself arrested three persons who included two sharp shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma a civil contractor RK Verma.The STF officials claimed that RK Verma, who was a close friend of Dr Sachan, had hired the two shooters at the behest of him to eliminate Dr Singh. Strangely, five days after the arrest of the three, on June 22, Dr Sachan, who was already in Lucknow jail on charges of embezzlement in NRHM funds in Lucknow, was also found dead at an unused toilet on the first floor of the jail hospital in mysterious circumstances.Meanwhile, a number of PILs were filed pleading that all these cases should be handed over to the CBI. The high court then directed the agency to probe into the two murders, the death of Dr Sachan, Lucknow NRHM scam and NRHM scam throughout the state. Thereafter, the CBI lodged several FIRs in the matter and arrested a number of high-profile accused including former cabinet minister Babu Singh Kushwaha , the then BSP MLA RP Jaiswal and senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla. While Kushwaha and Jaiswal are still languishing in Dasna jail in Ghaziabad district, the senior IAS officer was recently released on bail after the CBI failed to file chargesheet in the case within a stipulated time span of 90 days since his arrest on May 10.Similarly, in Lucknow NRHM case, barring a few arrests of contractors, the CBI has failed to make much headway. They had sought prosecution sanction of at least 20 doctors from the state government. However, the same was still awaited, sources said.In the two CMOs murder cases, the CBI has been able to make one more visible development other than what the police could do. On May 6, the CBI arrested former CMO Dr AK Shukla for conspiracy in CMO, family welfare Dr VK Arya murder case. However, Dr Shukla was later granted bail for want of enough evidence against him.Similarly, after over a year of Dr Sachan's mysterious death in Lucknow jail, the CBI has failed to establish clearly whether Dr Sachan was murdered in the jail or committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610005", "title": "Midnight rain takes the toll in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Torrential rain in the city has not only claimed 10 lives, but also compelled many to stay their night on the streets.Many who work in night shifts including medicos, call centre executives and those returning from late night parties were stranded on the city roads on Tuesday night.\"I had to catch a bus to Udaipur at 1 am from Sindhi Camp after I met a relative who is undergoing treatment at SMS hospital. Suddenly the rain started and I was stuck near Ajmeri Gate. I took shelter at a stranger's house and reached the bus stand at 8 am in the morning,\" said Manak Chand Jain, a retired government employee who lives in Jhotwara locality.Many who got stranded in rain managed to reach home only in the morning.Areas including MI Road, Statue Circle, Walled City, Tonk Road and JLN Marg witnessed large queue of vehicles between 12.30 am and 2.30 am.Meanwhile, a couple, Rammohan Natani (32) and Pooja Natani (30) were coming to see a relative at the SMS hospital when their car got stuck near Ghat Ki Guni. The flow of water was high and finally when they stepped out of the car to find a safe corner on the road, both of them swept away. \"Their bodies were retrieved by the police in the morning,\" a senior officer said.The story of another couple, Ramu Ram (38) and Prem (30), residing in Sodala, was more tragic. After they spotted their house marooned in water, they sent their six-year-old daughter and two-year-old son to their neighbours' house and returned home to clear off the water. \"During clearing the water from their house, both were electrocuted and died on the spot,\" said an officer.In Bhatta Basti, the family of Mustafa (17) and Aabid (14) could not believe that both were trapped under the debris after the rain.Torrential rain also affected government offices including GPO, SMS hospital and income tax office where portion of these office witnessed heavy water logging where important papers, computers and other items got damaged in the rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15610853", "title": "Bankersa stir hits people hard", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity residents had a tough time, as bank employees went on a two-day strike on Wednesday. Even the ATMs went cashless as there was no staff to refill these. Business and commercial activities got paralyzed due to the strike. The problem was even more severe because after Saturday the banks had only opened on Tuesday as Monday too it was a holiday on account of Eid. Now people wanting to make any bank transactions would be only able to do so on Friday, when the strike ends.All government banks and many private banks are on strike. A few private banks were open, as they are not associated with United Forum of Bank Unions, the body which had called for a two-day nationwide strike. The union is opposing the government's proposed amendments in banking regulations and outsourcing of jobs. All India Bank officers Confederation, joint secretary-cum-general secretary M K Varmani said that in no case do they want that the government should go ahead with the amendments. Bank employees held a rally in Sector 17. Bankers gathered at local head office of State Bank of India, Sector 17, in the morning and raised slogans against the government. After this they marched towards the Bank Square.From the common man to the businessman, everyone was affected due to the stir. Amanjoot Singh, a resident of Sector 19, said, ''I had to deposit my electricity bill but could not, as even the the ATMs had no cash.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610501", "title": "Lt Gen Tejinder Singh quizzed for third time in bribery case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday questioned Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh for the third time in connection with allegations leveled by former Army chief V K Singh that he was offered Rs 14 crore by him to clear a tranche of \"sub-standard\" Tatra vehicles.Singh, who appeared for questioning in late afternoon, was examined for nearly three hours, CBI sources said. As part of the Preliminary Enquiry (PE), CBI is probing the `relationship' that Singh enjoyed with the Vectra Group, which purportedly prompted him to offer the bribe to Gen Singh in September, 2010, the sources said.The CBI might convert the PE into an FIR if it finds prima-facie evidence of any alleged wrong-doing. Gen Singh had also reported the matter to defence minister A K Antony. However, Lt Gen Singh had refuted the allegations and also slapped a defamation case against the former Army chief and other officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608389", "title": "Strike hits banking activities in district", "text": "MYSORE: Banking activities in Mysore was paralyzed as members of All India Bank Officers' Confederation, Mysore district unit, joined their colleagues across India for a two-day nationwide protest from Wednesday.However, ATM service was not affected on Day-1, but the service is likely to be impacted on Thursday as bank authorities have not refilled the cash machines.AIBOC members gathered near SBI, main branch office on Sayyaji Rao road, to stage a protest. However, a few customers, who were unaware of the protest,came to the bank returned disappointed.The employees were protesting against implementation of Khandelwalpanel report on human resource management, privatization and recent banking reforms. The protest will continue on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608056", "title": "MGIMS starts state's first clinical forensic medicine unit", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking into consideration the poor quality of medico-legal reports which act as a deceptive factor during judiciary trials, the Sewagram-based Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (MGIMS) and Kasturba Hospital have established Maharashtra's first Clinical Forensic Medicine Unit (CFMU) at the department of forensic medicine.Started with a purpose to bring an efficient medico-legal system, this unit is incorporated to work hand-in-hand with the emergency centre and all medico-legal cases will be handled under direct supervision of experts from the department.\"Earlier, the handling of such cases was done by casualty medical officers or doctors from clinical department. There was no involvement of the experts from forensic medicine due to which the results were highly inadequate,\" informed Dr Indrajit Khandekar, associate professor at department of forensic medicine at MGIMS, and brain behind the project.Earlier, a PIL was filed in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on the basis of research report by Dr Khandekar seeking directions to Central and Maharashtra governments to frame protocols and guidelines for proper forensic medical examination and collection of medical evidences by specially trained doctors.Dr Khandekar added that the judiciary had passed strictures on the illegible handwriting of medicos on the legal reports as it was impossible to decipher them. To overcome this constraint, MGIMS has also developed forensic medical software which will generate printed and organized reports. \"The software will have the complete data system of patients with specific features so that not even a minute detail is skipped. This can help prevent the unjust acquittal of accused and there will be no scope for any loopholes,\" he pointed out.Apart from benefiting the judicial purpose, this development also proves to be a boon for students pursuing forensic medicine as they will get a hands-on experience rather than mere classroom teaching. \"Previously, these students used to complete the degree without any kind of practical experience in the field which later created hardships for them. But now they will become real experts and not pseudo ones,\" explained Dr Khandekar.He further informed that they had to study more than 1,200 judgments and approach judges and local crime branch team to prepare the new pro forma of CFMU. \"We have done a thorough research of medico-legal cases and have found out the reasons for inadequate and cursory reports. The preparation of new formats and its incorporation into software took eight months and we are sure that the quality of medico-legal reports will now be improved,\" said Dr Khandekar.BOXPresent system* Handling of medico-legal issues by casualty medical officers or doctors from clinical department* Illegible handwritten notes of reports affected judgment and consumed time* Students passed without handling or witnessing a single practical caseNew system* Medico-legal issues will be handled by forensic medicine experts* Computer printed reports will be generated through forensic medical software* Students will handle practical cases under expert supervision", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610159", "title": "Dance is fast losing its footing in Chennai, says Anita Ratnam", "text": "CHENNAI: There was a time when everything moved in sync to make Chennai the dance capital. In the late 40s, movies like 'Chandralekha' and 'Kalpana' that celebrated dance through elaborate song sequences were made in Madras. Soon, art institutes like Kalakshetra were set up, primarily to teach dance. In no time, great gurus left their homes in villages so they could stay in Madras and teach the emerging talent.For the women of the city, who grew up in the 1950s, it was a great time to learn classical dance forms like Bharatanatyam, said dancer Anita Ratnam on Wednesday as part of her talk on 'Changing Face of Chennai's Dance scene' as part of the ongoing Madras Week celebrations.\"Karpagam Lodge on Mada Street in Mylapore was well-known as gurus stayed there as most of them were yet to set up dance schools,\" she said. Cars ferried them to houses where convent-educated girls like Ratnam waited for lessons. The gurus were stern and the students learnt the art form, the traditional way.But there was a sense of excitement, when it came to learning and performing. \"There was great charm in getting dressed up and watching dancers like Yamini Krishnamoorthy dance. Now, we don't have the excitement of being in the presence of a wonderful artist any more,\" said Ratnam in her recap of the city's dance history in the last 60-70 years.Back then, you could get an orchestra for a dance performance for Rs 1000. Now, Rs 15,000 is not enough for the same. \"The biggest change has been the commodification of dance,\" she said. With the diaspora calling teachers and accompanying artists, they now demand remuneration on par with what they get from students abroad.Along with the rise in the cost of performance, there has also been an increase in the number of dancers. They all vie for the sameperformance slots, especially during the prestigious music and dance festival in December. \"Slots are for sale,\" she said. At the same time, sabhas continue to pay artists a pittance. \"Most dancers know that they can make money only by leaving Chennai,\" she said. As bharatanatyam remains one of the biggest exports, dancers premier their new productions elsewhere. The city, which now has poor dance infrastructure and not much of an audience, needs to reinvent itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613561", "title": "H'wood girl Pinky Campbell to enter B'wood", "text": "Hollywood actress Pinky Campbell, who is popularly known for her commercials with George Clooney and soccer star David Beckham , this India's face for Lamborghini cars is all set to be introduced in Bollywood flicks as the new sex siren.B-town insiders reveal, \"Pinky is presently in Mumbai to sign a probable an erotic sex thriller directed by ace filmmaker known for his sequels of horror and thrillers in Bollywood.\"Subsequently, Pinky, who also modeled for commercials like Pepsi, Target, Budweiser, Citibank, and Martini.When contacted, Pinky refused to disclose her plans. \"It is too early to talk,\" she added.In Mumbai, this Indian origin Los Angeles model turned actor has also done her first Lamborghini campaign with an upcoming designer and recently featured in true blood as sexy faerie most famous HBO series in Hollywood.In past Campbell has made appearances in Hollywood films like \" An American Carol \" directed by David Zucker, \" Spread \" directed by David Mackenzie and \" Group Sex \" directed by Lawrence Trilling.It seems Pinky is all set to give a tough time for actress from foreign origin like Katrina Kaif , Nargis Fakri and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609648", "title": "Driver hospitalised after police 'torture'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old driver, who was taken to the Hayatnagar police station for interrogation on Tuesday night, was hospitalised due to alleged police torture.The police had called Ramu, a resident of MR Pet in Hayatnagar, for interrogation in connection with a sexual harassment case on Tuesday night. Ramu was booked under Section 354 of IPC (assault or use of criminal force against a woman to outrage her modesty) for attempting to sexually assault his friend's wife. On Wednesday morning, the cops shifted him to hospital and informed his family members that he fell ill. While Ramu's parents alleged police torture, the Hayatnagar police denied it.Tnn\"During questioning, Ramu suddenly collapsed on the ground and we shifted him to a nearby hospital. Police have not used any third-degree methods on him,\" Hayatnagar inspector G Srinivasa Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15611015", "title": "38 cheetah mobile cops bikes flagged off", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District police chief Mohit Aggarwal on Wednesday flagged off 38 Cheetah mobile police bikes to offer immediate help to victims of petty offences.SSP said these cheetah mobile bikes have been given new look and cops riding them would remain stationed main crossings and intersections. He added that these cops would remain in direct touch with the police control room.Similarly, 10 teams of mounted police have also been introduced at nine main streets in the city.The mounted police have been assigned to guard girls schools and colleges. Besides, the mounted police would also be assigned duties to check petty offences on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15613083", "title": "Indian Navy's computer network hacked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The computer network of Visakhapatnam-based Eastern Naval Command was attacked by hackers in November last year, but none of the systems there was found to have been compromised, the government told Rajya Sabha today.\"Only one instance of attempted hacking on computers belonging to defence sector has come to notice in the past three years. There were intelligence reports in November 2011 about the probable compromise of computers of Eastern Naval Command based in Visakhapatnam,\" Defence Minister A K Antony said in a written reply.\"However, none of these computers was found to be compromised. The defence services have a robust defensive mechanism in place,\" he said.For protecting critical information infrastructure, he said, \"Section 70-A of the Information Technology (Amendment) Act 2008, envisages setting up a National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC) for protecting critical information infrastructure in identified sectors.\"Steps have been initiated for notifying NCIIPC under the said Act, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608778", "title": "Employee accused of cheating bank acquitted after 20 yrs", "text": "NAGPUR: A CBI special court at Nagpur acquitted a for Bank of India employee facing charges cheating the bank, after two decades long legal process. The FIR was registered against accused by CBI on June 30, 1992. Special judge VS Murkute acquitted him on August 4.The Chandrapur resident was alleged to have cheated the bank of Rs4,275. Arunkumar Balaji Mohitkar (69) was working as an officer in-charge of administration and service department in BoI, Rana Pratap Nagar branch. He was alleged to have hatched a conspiracy with another accused Anand Pawagi, working as a sales representative at Remington Rand of India Ltd, to cheat the bank. The court ordered filing a separate chargesheet against Pawagi as he is still absconding after 20 years.The duo was accused of cheating by establishing a partnership firm namely Usha Agencies and falsely showing it as an authorized dealer of Remington. Mohitkar's wife and father were partners in the firm and they had opened an account with the bank.The accused, while allegedly misusing his position, placed order for some cabinets, furniture and other articles manufactured by Remington at a higher rate with Usha Agencies from time to time during his two-year tenure with the bank from November 1984 to March 1986. In 1985-86, Mohitkar was stated to have placed orders for items worth Rs9,81,000 and Rs6,67,000. The BoI officials stated that these rates were higher than the prevailing market rates and had caused bank a loss of Rs4,275. The allegation was that the accused unlawfully engaged in trade relations that he was not entitled to do.CBI inspector in Bombay JN Tiwari probed the case and found that Usha Agencies was not an authorized dealer of Remington. He then lodged a complaint against Mohitkar under Section 420 (cheating), 120-B (criminal conspiracy) and also under Section 5(1)(d) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1947. During trials, counsel for accused A Mahajan contended that orders for supply of items were given by higher authorities and the firm Usha Agencies belonged to Mohitkar's father and he had no concern in that.The court observed in its order that CBI had failed to prove that Mohitkar was the pioneer of registration of Usha Agencies and also to establish that he had placed the orders for cabinets, furniture and other items for the bank. The court stated that prosecution failed to prove that accused had got wrongful pecuniary gains through these dealings and therefore absolved him of all charges.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609401", "title": "Tech decree lands West Bengal MLAs in a spot", "text": "KOLKATA: The intention was novel, but with most of the assembly veterans lacking basic e-experience, the move that demanded them to be more tech-savvy has left them in a bit of trouble.To boost the practice of exchanging emails, collecting and storing information from the internet and take advantage of technology, the House in 2007 had allotted Rs 50,000 to each MLA to buy computers. The leaders could buy laptops, desktops or iPads with the grant. Another Rs 500 per month was allotted to each MLA for internet use, and an additional Rs 10,000 for maintenance. But the leaders' predicament has prompted questions on the practicality of the move.The leaders are now asking junior party workers to teach them the ropes or are taking tutorials on computer use from friends and relatives. The deadlock has even pushed Speaker Biman Bandyopadhyay into contemplating a comprehensive training session for the legislators.Trinamool's chief whip in the assembly Shobhandeb Chatterjee used the grant to buy a desktop, but he admits to be shaky when it comes to using it. \"The biggest hurdle for me is my age. I'm 68 years old. I can't pick up things as fast as my grandchildren. I've just about got the hang of Google search. I'm yet to learn how to send an email,\" says Chatterjee. The chief whip is taking weekly lessons from a youngster to improve his computer experience. But what about the other party MLAs who are also struggling? \"They have all been told to take it up on their own initiative.\" But it is easier said than done.A tech-savvy Trinamool MLA was more candid: \"The fact is, many leaders don't use their computers. They don't even want to learn. After buying the PC, it is used by the family members.\"CPM MLA Anisur Rahman has recently bought a laptop with the grant. \"I'm collecting a lot of information, sending emails. If I'm travelling, I read the news online. Sometimes, I just listen to Rabindrasangeet on the laptop,\" he said. Like Rahman, opposition leaders Surjya Kanta Mishra and Sushanta Ghosh are also regular computer users.But Abdur Razzak Molla is still offline. What would he do with his new laptop? \"Let's see what can be done,\" said the Canning (east) MLA. However, Forward Bloc MLA Udayan Guha has taken the long route to e-success: \"I'm learning the basics. I've asked the party youths, they are all helping me out.\" Sunderban's Sandeshkhali MLA Nirapada Sardar has asked a friend to teach him the ways of his new laptop.Howrah's Trinamool MLA Rajib Bhattacharya is widely considered tech-savvy. He uses his personal iPad to make notes before a speech. Because of this, MLAs like Parvez Rahman, Asit Mazumder, Abir Biswas and Rukbanur Rahman approach him for some basic training.Santipur's Congress MLA Ajoy De feels lack of basic training is defeating the purpose of the move. But regular user Anisur Rahman said: \"The assembly had taken the initiative to address this problem in 2007. What will they train us again for?\"Speaker Biman Bandopadhyay said: \"Let us have a discussion first. Then we'll let you know.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15614395", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant case orders next week", "text": "CHENNAI: The fate of a batch of PILs filed in the Madras high court in connection with the commissioning of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant will be known next week, judges indicated on Thursday.A remark to this effect was made by Justice P Jyothimani while hearing two PILs on Thursday. The bench of Justice Jyothimani and Justice P Devadoss was hearing two new PILs against the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board's permission to load fuels in the reactor and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board's consent order for operation of the units.Already a bench of Justice Jyothimani and Justice M Duraisamy had heard a batch of PILs in the matter and reserved it's orders. It was well after the conclusion of arguments and orders being received that the two present PILs were filed. On Thursday, the TNPCB, which already faced flak from court for having permitted the rise in sea water temperature up to 45 degrees at the point where the effluents from the plant would be released, sought to correct it's stand and filed a fresh affidavit. M Radhakrishnan, counsel for the PIL-petitioner G Sundararajan, however, objected to arbitrary revision of the TNPCB's consent order.He, instead, wanted the state agency to withdraw its earlier clearance and grant nod afresh following norms. As per environment impact assessment norms, only a maximum rise of 7 degree Celsius beyond the ambient temperature of 29 degree Celsius is permissible. When the TNPCB stand was made public first, Justice Jyothimani wondered as to how could marine life forms could survive in such high temperature. Arguments are still continuing in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610478", "title": "Close to 7,000 Bangladeshis arrested while trying to enter India in 5 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the issue of illegal immigration from Bangladesh continuing to rock the northeast, the government on Wednesday said security forces had arrested 6,867 people trying to enter India from Bangladesh in the last five years. Pakistan came next, with 499 of its nationals being arrested since 2008.Defence minister A K Antony, in a written reply in Rajya Sabha, said the government has planned to set up an additional 383 border outposts (BOPs) along the border with Bangladesh to check \"illegal cross-border activities''. Similarly, 126 more BOPs are planned for the border with Pakistan, 89 for Nepal and 63 for Bhutan .Turning to Pakistan, the minister said 103 terrorists had made infiltration bids into J&K; this year till June, with 38 of them succeeding in sneaking across. \"The government has adopted a multi-pronged approach to contain cross-border infiltration, which includes round-the-clock surveillance and patrolling on the borders; construction of border fencing, floodlighting and observation posts; introduction of modern and hi-tech surveillance equipment; upgradation of the intelligence set-up and coordination with the state governments and intelligence agencies,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15609381", "title": "Staff crunch hits new hospital at Sector 10, Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: After almost six years of wait, the mother and child care hospital situated in Sector 10 finally became functional last Wednesday, August 15.But while the very first day saw almost 35 patients getting treated, the number of patients diminished dramatically over the next few days. According to sources, poor staff presence is a major reason behind the low frequency of patients. Also, so far only the gynaecology department is functioning full-fledged along with the OPD section.But even in this, the OPD functions only from 9 am to 2 pm. After that, hardly any staff could be seen within the hospital premises.Rahul Kaushik, a Gurgaon resident who visited the hospital with his wife said that he reached the hospital at 3 pm on August 17 and there was no one even at the front office to guide them to the gynaecology department. \"Even though the hospital has become functional, very few departments are functional and the number of staff is also not adequate. It's as good as shut,\" said Kaushik.When contacted, the chief medical officer (CMO), Dr Praveen Garg said that the hospital is in its initial phase and the OPD has been opened in view of public interest. \"The opening of the OPD might be a small step but it will ensure that the whole hospital is ready soon. The pace of work has already picked up. The hospital is being regularly cleaned now and over 50% of the furniture is ready. An electric meter has also been set up. A guard, plumber, electrician and a gardener have also been hired,\" said Garg.Meanwhile, an official from the health department acknowledged the staff shortage and said that it was one of the major issues faced in the opening of the Mother and Child care hospital. To ease the staff crunch, doctors from civil hospital are being employed, the official said.The CMO, however, assured that the staff crunch will soon become a thing of past. \"An application has been sent to the finance department regarding the recruitment of doctors and other staff,\" he said.Even though the construction of the hospital building began two years back, the date of the opening was shifted three times this year. Initially May 15 was supposed to be the day when the hospital was supposed to become function. It was then postponed to June 15 and then July 15. Ultimately it became functional from the Independence Day. The formal inauguration is yet to be done which will happen in the presence of chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "cnrihandigarh", "code": "15611016", "title": "Exclusive zone for NRIs at Mohali", "text": "CNriHANDIGARH: A sector, exclusively for NRIs, is likely to come up soon, helping people settled abroad to invest back home and also feel safe from land related crime.In a bid to showcase Punjab as an NRI-friendly state, the government has mooted an exclusive sector for NRIs in Mohali. The sector will offer not just plots to NRIs but complete security of land, high-end commercial area besides upscale facilities.The project, a proposal for which has been prepared by the state government, is slated to have a grand unveiling - a delegation of Punjab government officials, along with deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , will make a presentation on it in Canada in September.The delegation is scheduled to have meetings with industrialists in Canada besides Punjabi NRIs to woo them to invest in Punjab.\"We are in the process of identifying land for the project and acquiring it,\" said additional chief administrator of Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) Manjit Singh Brar.\"NRIs have their own issues and concerns about investing in real estate and this exclusive sector promises to take care of all the issues. It will have much better security and high end facilities for residents,\" said special secretary, housing and urban development, Prithi Chand.\"Most complaints made to the police by NRIs are related to property. Often, relatives and even local goons take over land belonging to NRIs, leading to dispute, leaving them (NRIs) running from pillar to post for justice. An exclusive zone will safeguard them against all this,\" said an official.Promotional literature for this \"exclusive colony\" is being prepared for NRIs as the deputy CM leaves for Canada on September 10 as the head of a state delegation to participate in the Canada-India Agriculture and Food Processing Forum.Besides attending the forum, Sukhbir will stay there for a few days and meet NRIs and business tycoons to convince them to invest in the state. Besides the official delegation, real estate tycoons, industrialists and businessmen will accompany him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611156", "title": "Double delight: One more Bhadbhada gate opens", "text": "BHOPAL: A large number of people thronged Bhadbhada on Wednesday evening to see water gushing out of two gates of the dam, opened again after the catchment area of Upper Lake received rainfall previous night.Talking to TOI, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) assistant engineer Rakesh Nigam said, \"On Tuesday when the gate No. 4 was closed at 3 am, the water level in the lake was 1666.6 ft which by Wednesday evening had reached 1666.8 ft (full tank level of the lake). The two gates were opened to drain out excess water.\"While gate No. 5 of Bhadbhada was opened at 5.30 pm, gate No. 1 was opened at 6 pm. Thereafter, gate no 1 was closed at 6.30 pm, which is expected to be closed around 10 pmOn Tuesday, one gate of Bhadbhada was opened after a span of six years when gate No. 4 was opened at 7.30 am and closed at 3 am on Wednesday. \"Total of 255 MCFT (million cubic feet) water was drained out during the 20 hour period. After gate No. 1 is closed down on Wednesday night, calculations about how much water was drained would be made.\" Nigam said.Originating from neighbouring Sehore district, two rivers in the catchment area-- Kolans and Uljhawan-brings water to the Upper Lake. There are 87 villages in its catchment area in Bhopal as well as Sehore districts measuring 361 sq km.A large number of people again thronged the Bhadbhada area to watch the huge amount of water gushing out from the two sluice gates. About 7.5 MCFT water is released in one hour from one gate of Bhadbhada. The last time all the 11 sluice gates of Bhadbhada dam were opened was on August 13 and 14, 2006 after the torrential downpour. In that year, the gates had to be opened 23 times as rains kept pouring in.Years Bhadbhada gates opened20122006199919961994", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609501", "title": "Relaxation of Konkani, Marathi only for high posts", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet has approved a decision to restrict the relaxation of the \"knowledge of Konkani and Marathi\" rule only to posts that require very high qualifications. Earlier, the rule could be relaxed for all posts recruited through the Goa public service commission if suitable candidates were not found.Announcing this at the post-cabinet media briefing, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that earlier in GPSC recruitments, knowledge of Konkani was compulsory and knowledge of Marathi desirable. But in case of non-availability of suitable candidates, this clause could be relaxed for all posts.Now, relaxation from knowledge of Konkani and Marathi will only be given for posts in professional colleges, consultants in directorate of health services and highly technical/scientific posts.Parrikar said that the government felt that there was no need for this clause for posts like deputy collector, Mamlatdar, etc. because there are enough candidates available with knowledge of Konkani and Marathi in Goa. \"We get 3,000 applications from Goan students. But for posts of professors in engineering college or professors in the Goa Medical college and posts in professional colleges, sometimes we face difficulty getting qualified persons from Goa. So, this clause can now only be relaxed for such posts requiring high qualifications,\" Parrikar said, adding that while the range for relaxation has been reduced, there is no change in the conditions for requirement of knowledge of Konkani or Marathi.Asked whether the government had made training in Konkani essential, Parrikar said that one training programme for IAS officers in Konkani has been completed and that IAS officers now have some knowledge of Konkani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15610852", "title": "Lack of planning reason behind infrastructure-related woes", "text": "Our city's infrastructure-related problems have as much to do with bad planning as they have to do with poor maintenance. Planning agencies often overlook the obvious while working on the drawing board. It's ridiculous that a multi-thousandcrore investment, which skirts the city airport, will not be able to service it. Giving those flying into the city a world-class alternative to the bonejarring ride on Mumbai's roads should have been an automatic planning choice.Related story: Don't expect Metro link to airport before 2020", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15608737", "title": "Hospital opens innovation centre", "text": "HUBLI: The prevention and innovation centre of Hubli's Vaatsalya Hospital was inaugurated on Wednesday.Speaking to reporters, vice president of hospital Dr Virendra Hiremath said that with the new technologies, Vaatsalya Hospital is providing quality service to the people. Breast cancer, cervical cancer, heart problems and other diseases will be treated in the hospital. The hospital has set up state-of-the art medical equipment, including testing machines, on 10,000 sq ft space in the hospital premises on Gokul Road. This will enable patients to get their reports within 10 minutes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610111", "title": "Laptop thief arrested in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man who stole many high-end laptops worth nearly 2 crore, targeting bachelors and IT professionals in the city and suburbs over a few years has finally been nabbed, police said.J Balaji came to a fuel outlet in Chembarambakkam on Wednesday to fill up his motorbike and had a fight with the staff. After he left, the staff alerted police. A team checking vehicles then nabbed him with the help of the bike registration number.Balaji told police he had stolen several laptops in the city and its suburbs in the last four years.He said he chose his victims only if the clothesline on the terrace indicated they were bachelors. He would ring the door bell and say their landlord had sent him to carry out some repairs.The unsuspecting occupants would let him in and he would escaped with their laptops and other electronic gadgets, police said. Police said they had received a number of complaints earlier but couldn't trace Balaji as he changed vehicles often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608364", "title": "KSOA starts traffic management course", "text": "MYSORE: Addressing a traffic awareness programme organized by city traffic police for KSOU employees, the VC said they had been planning to start a course on traffic but following advice by city police commissioner K L Sudheer they decided to start the course this year itself.Earlier, city police chief Sudheer said the responsibility of containing traffic accidents also lies with public. Police, however, were trying hard to bring down accidents and bring in road discipline among road users by organizing awareness programmes for all sections of society, he said.Krishnaraja traffic police had organized the awareness programme for KSOU employees. A short film on how negligence causes road accidents was screened. Photos and posters on the issue were displayed. This programme follows a similar awareness campaign organized by city police for University of Mysore employees.ACP (Traffic) Shankregowda, inspectors Irshad, Rajshekar and Prabhakar Barki and sub inspectors Mallesh and Nagesh were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609339", "title": "Kolkata to get 30 new taxi stands", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a man and his 57-year-old mother were thrashed for protesting against beaten up and injured when they objected to taxi refusal, the state government decided to open 30 taxi stands in different parts of the city. These would be under direct supervision of the government and police authorities.Henceforth, taxis will also have to display the registration number and the toll free phone number (1073) behind the seat of drivers.On Tuesday, transport minister Madan Mitra held a meeting with representatives of all taxi unions to discuss the issue. The latter and all of them strongly advised passengers to refuse paying the fare if drivers don't provide them with printouts of the fare from printers installed in taxis. This is a common practise with taxi drivers.Pritam Chatterjee, who was beaten up by cabbies at Howrah, called on Mitra at Writers' Buildings, telling him about feeling insecure about some others not yet arrested in the case. The transport minister assured him in front of all taxi union members that he should not feel insecure, and Mitra would himself visit his place to allay his fears. \"Whatever happened to me should not happen to anyone else,\" Chattopadhyay said.Meanwhile, the state will hold a joint inspection on September 5, with transport department officials, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials and police on September 5, to finalize the spot for the 30 taxi stands. \"This will help offer passengers to get taxis more easily. with more options to get taxis and the chances of refusal will come down.Since these stands will be under government supervision, it will be impossible for drivers to refuse passengers from these places,\" an official said. The plan to set up several taxi stands throughout the city has been in the pipeline for many months now, but has not been executed so far.According to the minister, taxi drivers will be stripped of their permits if they don't follow rules. \"We have the power to seize permits, but don't want to use it as this is the ultimate step. We want to rein in drivers through fines and penalties,\" Mitra said. tnn However, he would not list the offences that will be deemed \"serious\".Bimal Guha from Bengal Taxi Association, after his meeting with the minister, said that passengers should put pressure on taxi drivers by refusing to pay the fare if they refuse to provide the fare printouts. \"We wanted it to be introduced because it enables passengers to track them down because the printouts have phone numbers. Passengers should immediately call helplines if drivers create any trouble,\" Guha said.But many union members admit they have no control over drivers, and no amount of fine helps because it is owners who have to pay. \"Moreover, new drivers keep coming and the trouble is that sometimes some cabs are not driven by permanent drivers,\" said one member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15613653", "title": "Fire engulfs building in Nashik, none hurt", "text": "NASHIK: A major fire broke out in a three-storey building on Tigrania road in the city's Dwarka area on Thursday morning.The blaze was noticed at around 8.50am in an under construction building, housing decoration and tent material and quickly spread, Nashik chief fire officer Anil Mahajan said.About 16 fire tenders were pressed into service that managed to douse the flames, he said.No casualties were reported as the people inside the building rushed outside to safety as soon as the flames erupted, he said.On the cause of the fire, Mahajan said it was yet to be ascertained, though the people inside the building told fire officials that they were cooking food when a synthetic material in the vicinity caught fire.The structure was under construction and only a few slabs and columns had been laid, he said.Further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609450", "title": "'Action against mines caused dip in revenues'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that his government's strict curbs on mining have caused mining revenues to dip by 300 crore, as compared to the same period last year. But Parrikar said that he will make up for the deficit such that the government's mining revenue will be around Rs 900 crore and \"not a rupees less\". \"This will not necessarily be by increasing the production but by better recovery and better plugging of leakages,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said that at this moment, there is no illegal mining in Goa. He said the government has closed various mines after conducting many raids. \"All kinds of controlling exercises are going on. We have stopped movement of ore during the rains. There was hue and cry that the government will open up transportation of ore in Dharbandora and elsewhere. We have allowed ore transportation only in areas where people have agreed. Otherwise, the government has stood firm in its resolve,\" Parrikar said, adding that before the new season starts, the government will work out some mechanism to control the movement of ore in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609890", "title": "Govt plans to make Jaipur slum-free", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bhatta Basti slums in the catchment area of Amanisha nullah (river) in Jaipur are \"illegal\" and the people living there face constant danger from floods.During the torrential rain on Tuesday night, these slums were inundated and three people were killed while hundreds were rendered homeless.Terming these slums in Amanisha nullah catchment areas as illegal, mayor Jyoti Khandelwal said the government is trying to make Jaipur a slum-free city. Officials also said the state government is waiting for Centre's funds to construct multi-storey buildings to relocated the people living in slum areas. Unless the Centre releases the funds under the Rajiv Awaz Yojna, it seems the people will continue to live in areas which are vulnerable to floods and other natural calamities.\"We will start from Sanjay Nagar slum area in Bhatta Basti to relocate the people into the multi-storey buildins. We have sent the proposal to construct the building in the area to Centre for seeking funds under Rajiv Awaz Yojna. Once the funds are approved, we will start work for constriction of the buildings,\" Khandelwal said.Around 22.4% of the total population of Jaipur lives in the slum areas. There are over 235 slum areas in the city in which around 4.87 lakh people live. Most of these slum areas are in low lying areas, which are vulnerable to natural calamities like floods as in such places, roads are narrow and it is difficult for the district administration to carry out rescue work.In the overnight downpour, not only Bhatta Basti, but also there are many other slum areas which are located in the low-lying areas and are illegal have been flooded. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation admitted that the chances of destruction are more in slum areas in comparison with other areas. The officials are hopeful that they would make Jaipur free from slum areas. \"The government has formulated an affordable housing policy to make Jaipur free from slum areas,\" a JMC official said.The JMC officials claimed that it would take some time as at many places, slums first have to be destroyed so that at the same place, buildings can be constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614866", "title": "Manish Naggdev to open food joint called OYE!", "text": "Actor Manish Naggdev, who as last seen in Color's TV's Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon, is set to open his own food joint called OYE!With a catchy description that reads \"fork it, eat it, sip it, swoosh it, lick it\", this joint promises to take all foodies on a gastronomical delight. Manish has designed the menu in a way that is different from the usual ones featuring sandwiches and burgers. But what's even more interesting for Manish's fans is that all the items are very cheap on the pocket, with the most expensive item being priced at Rs 40.An elated Manish, who is excited about OYE's opening tomorrow night, cannot contain his joy, \"I always wanted to open my own chain and I was looking for the perfect location. I have opened OYE! right next to some schools and colleges and it will be a hit with the kids. It's also very close to home\". Speaking about his menu he adds, \"In Mumbai, no one has thought about introducing Maggi on the menu. We have 25 types of Maggi, 45 kinds of flavoured sodas, softies and many more such delights.\"And Manish's personal favourites are the Schezwan and Mumbaiyya Maggi. \"The Mumbaiyya Maggi has a lot of tadka that people will enjoy and the Schezwan Maggi doesn't feel like Maggi. It's as if you are eating authentic Chinese\".Manish's fellow actors who are supporting him and who will be there for the opening tomorrow include Sharad Malhotra, Angad Hasija, Gaurav Bajaj, Richa Sony and Aastha Chaudhary to name a few.Manish's venture has a lot to do with his fondness for ice-creams, \"As a child, I would visit Siddhivinayak temple only because we would get to eat a softie on the way. I love ice creams and there was a famous joint called 7/11 in King's Circle that used to serve the best softies.\"With so much good will and food floating around, wishing the actor all the luck for his venture!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610680", "title": "JPC showdown: No kangaroo court for PM, says Cong; BJP walks out", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP-Congress showdown over 'Coalgate' escalated sharply on Wednesday with BJP MPs storming out of a meeting of the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam after sparks flew over summoning PM Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram as witnesses.The heightened animus in opposition and Congress ties in the wake of BJP forcing a shutdown of Parliament over its demand that the PM quit over a CAG report slamming coal allocations engulfed the JPC with the two sides slugging it out over a contentious list of witnesses.As with the CAG report, the PM was at the centre of the tug of war. Congress members insisted that there was no case to summon Singh or Chidambaram. No court or investigative agency has offered even a whisker of evidence against either, Congress MP Manish Tewari argued.BJP members Yashwant Sinha and Ravi Shankar Prasad and CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta countered the Congress contention, saying a parliamentary committee was accountable to Parliament and must reach its own conclusions while what transpired in courts was another matter altogether.Tempers rose as Tewari said the JPC should not become a \"kangaroo court\". His junior colleague Deepender Hooda alleged that BJP leaders were working to a pre-conceived plan and had even invited the media in advance. His remark about Sinha playing politics was the flashpoint as BJP members insisted the committee decide \"here and now\" if Singh and Chidambaram will be summoned.BJP's walkout is seen as a precursor to a withdrawal from parliamentary panels as the party looks to ramp up hostilities. The gameplan is to sustain a high decibel campaign against the government on corruption by riding on the Comptroller and Auditor General's report that coal allocations when the PM held charge of coal ministry benefitted private entities by Rs 1.86 lakh crore.Government is disputing the CAG's figures, but the auditor's reports on coal, post-bid benefits to GMR-run Delhi airport and Reliance Power herald a highly political season with the opposition hoping to keep the government pinned down at a time when the 2G scam might have begun to stale.The latest CAG reports have also seen BJP firmly target the PM, making it difficult for other opposition parties like the Left to lower the tempo just yet. The JPC has provided another opportunity to do so as BJP leaders are insisting that the 2G scam cannot be capped at the level of DMK leader A Raja who was jailed in the case.BJP leaders could attend the next JPC meeting where a shortlist of witnesses drawn up by committee chairperson P C Chacko is to be discussed. But with Chacko unlikely to include the PM or Chidambaram, BJP's departure from the JPC is almost certain as the party argues Singh and the finance minister need to answer for the 2G allocations. A list of 107 likely witnesses includes everyone right down to a former minister of state.After the meeting, Sinha and Prasad said Chacko remained silent when \"foul language\" was used by a junior member, an allusion to Hooda. Later, Tewari said he had not used unparliamentary language. \"Let the verbatim record be examined to see if I used any objectionable words,\" he told TOI.Chacko said there was no provocation for the walkout and that BJP's actions were \"unjustified\".CPI's Dasgupta took serious offence to Tewari's \"kangaroo court\" remark and is believed to have urged him not to go beyond the limits of decency and dignity. He said parliamentary committees should not be maligned. \"BJP has walked out, don't force me to walk out with them,\" he is believed to have said.Like the BJP, Dasgupta felt Chidambaram needed to be examined by the committee as the minister can explain why despite his own ministry's reservations, he agreed to Raja's process for granting 2G spectrum licences.It was also suggested that some witnesses could be sent questionnaires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610456", "title": "ED books Ramdev aide under money laundering Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has booked Balkrishna, close aide of yoga guru Baba Ramdev, under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and has started investigating some of his foreign transactions.The case was registered based on the CBI FIR, which had charged Balkrishna with violations of the Passport Act. ED is also probing transactions of various trusts run by Ramdev, some of which could have been allegedly related to money laundering and foreign exchange violations.The agency may also move court seeking custody of Balkrishna, who was granted bail on August 17. He was arrested last month for allegedly submitting fake documents for obtaining an Indian passport.In another case relating to defence payoffs, the agency on Wednesday arrested defence dealer Abhishek Verma and his wife in connection with a money laundering case it had registered earlier against the couple for allegedly receiving money from a Swiss defence firm.An ED team recorded the statement of the couple, who are in judicial custody in a forgery case, before they were arrested under the PMLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609573", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation re-invites tenders to lift scrap from market", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to invite fresh tenders to lift scrap from the Bhangar Bazar along Satpur-Ambad Link Road. The decision has been taken after there was no response for tenders from any party till Tuesday, which was the last day of bidding.The NMC's anti-encroachment department had floated a tender eight days back to lift the scrap after the scrap market was demolished or brought down by the owners. The last date for filling up the tender was August 21, but the NMC has not received a single bid yet. The civic body has decided to recall the tenders within a deadline of seven days.\"After the scrap market is demolished, there would be heaps of scrap which need to be lifted. We had invited tenders for the same but no one came forward till Tuesday. We have now decided to re-invite the tenders,\" said deputy municipal commissioner, R M Bahiram.After the scrap dealers failed to meet the deadline of July 9 for removing their structures, the NMC began preparations for evacuating them and has made a plan for the same on paper. To avoid heaps of scrap from piling up, which may be used by the dealers again, the NMC had decided to appoint private contractors to lift the scrap. Tenders were invited through the local newspapers eight days back.The officials said that they hoped they would get a response after recalling the tenders. They added that in case they don't get the response, they will lift the scrap using their own manpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15611278", "title": "Bengal MLAs have laptops, but struggling to use them", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal assembly's move to allot money to MLA's to buy computers has had little impact as most legislators hadn't acquired even basic computer knowledge.In 2007, the House allotted Rs 50,000 to each MLA to buy computers. They could buy laptops, desktops or iPads with the grant. Another Rs 500 per month was allotted to each MLA for internet use, and an additional Rs 10,000 for maintenance. But the legislators\" predicament has prompted questions on the practicality of the move.The MLAs are now asking junior party workers to teach them the ropes or are taking tutorials on computer use from friends and relatives. The deadlock has even pushed Speaker Biman Bandyopadhyay into considering a comprehensive training session for the legislators.Trinamool\"s chief whip in the assembly Shobhandeb Chatterjee used the grant to buy a desktop, but he admits to be shaky when it comes to using it. \"The biggest hurdle for me is my age. I\"m 68 years old. I can\"t pick up things as fast as my grandchildren. I\"ve just about got the hang of Google search. I\"m yet to learn how to send an email,\" says Chatterjee.The chief whip is taking weekly lessons from a youngster to improve his computer knowledge but what about the other party MLAs who are also struggling? \"They have all been told to take it up on their own initiative.\" But it is easier said than done.A tech-savvy Trinamool MLA was more candid: \"Many leaders don\"t use their computers. They don\"t even want to learn. After buying the PC, it is used by the family members.\"CPM MLA Anisur Rahman has recently bought a laptop with the grant. \"I\"m collecting a lot of information, sending emails. If I am travelling, I read the news online. Sometimes, I just listen to Rabindrasangeet on the laptop,\" he said. Like Rahman, opposition leaders Surjya Kanta Mishra and Susanta Ghosh are also regular computer users.But Abdur Razzak Molla is still offline. What would he do with his new laptop? \"Let\"s see what can be done,\" said the Canning (east) MLA. But Forward Bloc MLA Udayan Guha has taken the long route to e-success: \"I\"m learning the basics. I have asked the party youths, they are helping me out.\" Sunderban\"s Sandeshkhali MLA Nirapada Sardar has asked a friend to teach him to use his new laptop.Tech-savvy Howrah MLA Rajib Bhattacharya uses his personal iPad to make notes before a speech. This has drawn other MLAs to him for some basic training.Santipur\"s Congress MLA Ajoy De feels lack of training is defeating the purpose of the move. But Anisur Rahman said: \"The assembly had taken the initiative to address this problem in 2007. What will they train us again for?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614397", "title": "Dimple to make a comeback in 'Amrit Manthan'", "text": "Rajan Shahi's Amrit Manthan has been delivering shockers at regular intervals. Last month it was Nimrit's (played by Dimple Jangiani) exit that shocked the fans of the show and the producer roped in actress Ankita Sharma of Preeto fame as the new Nimrit.The twist helped Amrit Manthan rake in TRPs and propelled the show to number two position on Life OK. And now to spruce up drama, the channel and production house are bringing Dimple back in the show. The detail of the character and track are being kept under wraps.Dimple confirms, \"Yes, I will be back in Amrit Manthan. I am not allowed to reveal the track but I can assure my viewers that my entry will only bring an interesting twist in the show.\"Informs a source, \"The production house is riding high on the recent success of the show and the makers in an attempt to maintain the consistency are introducing interesting twists and turns in the storyline.\" We can't wait to see if Dimple's entry sets the TRPs soaring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15607776", "title": "Want to settle in Bangalore: Mary Kom", "text": "BANGALORE: Undeterred by attacks on people from the northeast that triggered an exodus, Manipur-born Olympic bronze medallist MC Mary Kom said on Wednesday that Bangalore was a potential destination for her family, should the Koms decide to relocate from Imphal .\"I like Bangalore. The people are very nice and humble. The weather is good even during summer,\" said the 29-year-old. \"I like it so much that I want to settle here after my career.\"The champion said she was not comfortable raising her twin sons in insurgency-wracked Manipur, where she runs a boxing academy and serves in the police as a DSP.Mary's husband K Onler confirmed that the family was looking at the city to settle down in the future.\"Right now, Mary cannot leave her post (police job). After her retirement, we will look at options that include Bangalore, Pune and New Delhi. As many as 15 members of my family live in Bangalore. That will be an advantage,\" Mary's husband K Onler said.Onler was distressed by at least six of his kin heading back to Manipur, spooked by the attacks in Bangalore. \"I have advised the others to stay back in Bangalore as there are no jobs for them in Manipur. They are all employed with corporate houses here. I feel they should not fall victim to the mischief of a few troublemakers,\" he said.Mary, too, expressed shock. \"When I got to know of this, I was upset. My humble request to everyone is that we all pray for love and peace. If the problem in Bangalore reduces, I hope the northeast people come back and restart their lives. I'm really upset at the happenings across the nation.\"Onler, whose father was killed in an attack in his home state, said fear should not dictate actions of his people in the state, especially when the situation had improved. \"I'm told there are volatile pockets in the city. But we have always shared a good relationship with our Muslim brethren, so I am certain things will get better,\" he said.Karnataka sports minister Appachu Ranjan said the government would welcome Mary to the city.Times ViewAt a time when people from the north-east are fleeing from many parts of the country in rumour-fuelled fear for their lives, this is heartening news. It is particularly so given the fact that the epicentre of the exodus was in Bangalore. In life, as in the ring, Mary Kom has shown that she is one who is willing to fight the odds. We hope that this gesture will instill some much-needed confidence and encourage others from the north-east to return to their jobs elsewhere in the country. Perhaps it may also give some of those inciting violence or spreading rumours to pause and rethink what they have been doing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15611217", "title": "Garbage forces 20 kids to flee Mandur school", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's failure to manage its garbage is reducing vast stretches of its hinterland into wasteland. The crisis is so acute that dozens of students of a school at Mandur, near Hoskote, off Old Madras Road, are leaving the institution, unable to bear the pollution threat posed by the garbage dumped in a landfill nearby.Mandur,which is about 30km from Bangalore, is the only active landfill. The other two \u2014 at Mavallipura and near Doddaballapur \u2014 were shut down following protests from the local residents.Over 600 tonnes of garbage sent to the Mandur landfill daily has created hillocks of waste on a 25-acre of government land. The garbage is not processed. Consequently, air and ground water pollution, mosquito menace and roving bands of stray dogs have made life miserable in the surroundings.Over 20 students of Mandur's Narayana E-Techno School and PU College, run by an Andhra Pradesh group, have sought transfer certificates. The landfill is just 100 metres from the school.Principal M Sunil Kumar confirmed that over 20 students have left the residential school and some have withdrawn new admissions. \"We can't force the children to stay on as their fears are genuine,\" he told TOI on Wednesday.\"We didn't notice this (the landfill so close to the school) when we took three acres of land on lease a couple of years ago. We can't shift the school now. We'll write to the village panchayat to get the landfill shifted from here,\" Kumar said.Students find the mosquito menace and the stench unbearable. Eight-year-old Srinath B, a Class II student, said he developed severe skin allergies due to mosquito bites. His hands are badly affected with white dots. \"The boy's parents said his skin problems began only after he joined our school,\" school's primary academic principal Janaki S R said.School administrator Jhakir Hussain, 39, too has developed skin allergies, and is taking ayurvedic treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15608969", "title": "Onam celebrations: Muslim Education Society gears up for the festivities", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Muslim Education Society (MES) will celebrate Onam at all its units in Kerala to drive home the idea that Muslims should also take part in the festivals that have been \"wrongly dubbed as Hindu festivals\".MES state president Dr Fazal Gafoor said over hundred units of the organization would celebrate Onam on August 24, which will be attended by writers and intellectuals from all communities. \"Onam is a harvest festival, which has its roots in pre-historic days. It is basically a Dravidian festival that has nothing to do with Sanathana Hinduism,\" he said. MES is organizing the celebrations to encourage Muslims to take part in the festival. \"No Muslim organization has come forward to celebrate Onam because there is a misunderstanding that it is un-Islamic,\" he said.\"Lighting the lamp has nothing to do with Hinduism. This may prompt people from other communities to keep away from functions that begin with Islamic prayers,\" Dr Gafoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610617", "title": "Now, no fee for morning walkers", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Wednesday approved a proposal to allow free entry to the public in any garden in the city till 8 am.Some gardens in the city impose charges in the morning. Considering the huge number of morning walkers, the PMC standing committee had earlier decided that all city gardens will be open from early morning till 8 am without charging any entry fee.The general body (GB) approved the proposal and asked the civic administration implement the same with immediate effect. There are 111 gardens spread over around 425 acres.Recently, the PMC has decided to outsource maintenance of 60 gardens to private and corporates and other groups. All works related to running and maintenance of the gardens will be carried out by these firms.Meanwhile, the subject of outsourcing conservancy services came up for discussion at the GB meeting, but no conclusion was reached. BJP corporators demanded that the GB should immediately approve the civic administration's proposal to outsource conservancy services for the civic body's hospital, while Congress corporators opposed the same and demanded that the PMC should not outsource conservancy staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614632", "title": "Student awarded Global Scholarship worth US $100,000", "text": "Anurag Gogineni is the recipient of the University of Cincinnati's (UC) Global Scholarship worth US $100,000 this year. He will be pursuing his Bachelor's degree from the University of Cincinnati (UC) in the session starting in August.He has been awarded on the basis of an excellent track record in academics and co-curricular activities. Anurag has also been admitted to UC's Kolodzik Business Scholar's programme, a selective programme, which will provide him with exceptional opportunities to further his career through a customised academic plan and work with global companies, such as Proctor &amp; Gamble.\"This fall, the programmes I'm looking forward to are University Honors, Kolodzik Business Scholars, and professional fraternities like Alpha Kappa Psi and Delta Sigma Pi,\" said Anurag.Jonathan Weller, director, UC's International Admissions, said, \"The selection of candidates for the scholarship was significant as it involved thorough reviewing of numerous entries which came in. We have carefully chosen the most deserving candidate.\"Students wanting to apply for the scholarship for the fall 2013 session must do so before December 1. For more, log on to www.uc.edu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609448", "title": "'Business proposals down to Rs 5.4 lakh crore from Rs 9 lakh crore in Left days'", "text": "KOLKATA: Investment proposals in Bengal over the last three years have dropped to Rs 5.84 lakh crore from a high of Rs 9 lakh crore during the Left Front regime, a top Assocham official said on Wednesday. It was a wake-up call for the Mamata Banerjee government that claims to have improved the state's business climate but continues to be haunted by the ghost of Singur.Voicing the industry's concerns, D S Rawat, secretary general of the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India, said investors were \"apprehensive\" about the state government and Bengal needed a single big investment \u2014 like the Nano, which drove off in 2008 from Singur to Sanand in Gujarat in the face of protests spearheaded by Mamata \u2014 to make up for the loss of face. He, however, blamed the dip in investment proposals both on investor sentiment about Bengal and the global economic slowdown.\"People are still very apprehensive of the state government. The only authentication to that is once they attract an investment to the extent of Rs 10,000 crore or so, that will be the real indication that the state is willing to attract investors. The state should say they will support a project come what may and ensure it comes up in time,\" Rawat said at a function to release a study on Bengal, titled \"Unfolding Growth Strategy\".State's policies good on paper, says Assocham secretary generalState industries minister Partha Chatterjee said Assocham hadn't communicated its concerns to the government. \"If they have anything to say, they can speak to us directly. They are a member of our core committee,\" he said. The minister also claimed various studies had proved the industrial environment in the state had improved significantly. \"Our government is strong on the industrial front. Otherwise, how come there are so many ongoing projects by Jindal (steel plant in Salboni), Matix, Hindusthan National Glass, SAIL, TVS Motors?\" he asserted.Rawat, though, wasn't convinced about the state's approach to industrialization even as he acknowledged that land acquisition wasn't Bengal's problem alone and had become a national issue since the Singur stir. \"When we look at the policies on paper, they are very good. But when we look at them at the ground level, it becomes very difficult (to understand) how to attract investment in small enterprises because the infrastructure available is very weak,\" he said. \"Post-Singur, there was a halt in investment proposals and there was suspicion in investors' minds about the state. Lots of people had committed to investments in the state. I must say that during the last tenure of the Left government, lots of investments had flown in and, at one stage, the government had proposals for live projects worth Rs 9 lakh crore.\"That number, he added, had dipped to Rs 5.84 lakh crore. \"Those projects are still pending mainly because there is a slowdown globally. Secondly, people became apprehensive that what happened to the Nano project should not happen to them.\"Asked about the government's policy of not interfering in the land acquisition process for industry, Rawat said, \"Without acquiring land, nobody can start industrial units here. Definitely, the state should play a role in facilitating land acquisition. I went through the land acquisition policy of the state government. They must have an open policy that any irritant that comes in the way of implementation of projects, they should be helping (remove).\" He also spoke about the need for a dedicated fund through a corporation to promote small and micro industries. \"For growth, the state should as early as possible review its own policy, they should promote, encourage and attract investments through public-private partnership.\"He, however, complimented the state for its policy on using land in closed units for industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610596", "title": "Danapur colonies face severe waterlogging", "text": "PATNA: Waterlogging, which is the most common malaise plaguing several parts of the state capital during rainy season, has paralysed normal life in several colonies of Danapur for the last one month. Rainwater has entered the houses and also flowing on the roads crippling the lives of the residents. The situation is particularly bad in ward numbers 38 and 39 of Danapur Nagar Parishad.Residents of areas like RPS Colony, West Bailey Road, RPS crossing, LIC Colony, Priyadarshini Nagar, RP Sharma Institute of technology and other cooperative societies have to wade through knee to waist-deep water to reach their places of work and schools for the last one month. \"Our normal life has been crippled due to severe waterlogging,\" said NK Upadhyay, a retired officer and resident of RPS Colony. He added that approximately 20,000 families were living in each of the colonies.Dhirendra Singh, a resident of Shanti Nagar Judges' Colony, said, \"We go to market once a week since the area is waterlogged. Snakes often enter the houses and vehicles.\" The residents also complained that around 20 apartments were constructed in last one year in the area, but the drainage system is not well developed.When contacted, Mahendra Singh , executive officer, Danapur Nagar Parishad, said, \"As main drains continue to be choked and there is no outlet for water to drain into ancillary drains, waterlogging continues to affect normal lives in the area.\" He added the Nagar Parishad had deployed three JCB machines to create makeshift drains so that rainwater gets diverted to the canal. The Danapur Nagar Parishad had forwarded a proposal for construction of new drains in the area to urban development and housing department. Singh said these colonies were developed on low land, hence they get waterlogged even after moderate rain.Due to choked drains, stagnant water has been emitting foul smell posing serious health hazard to people, and disinfectants need to be sprinkled in the waterlogged areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613420", "title": "Kolkata celebs at Imran Zaki and Jasjit Singh's Eid party", "text": "It was the perfect occasion to meet, greet and celebrate with friends. Kolkata's who's who came together at an Eid party hosted by Imran Zaki and Jasjit Singh on Monday.The gathering was the right mix of academics, industrialists, social workers, bureaucrats, politicians, diplomats and people from the glamour industry. The guest list included fire services minister Javed Ahmed Khan and deputy mayor Farzana Alam. People across religions \u2014 from the Archbishop of Kolkata, Thomas D'Souza, to member of the state Wakf Board Moulana Athar Abbas Rizvi \u2014 made the evening a perfect example of social harmony. \"This is the seventh year I am organizing this Eid party. The idea is to bring people from all faiths together,\" said Imran. After loads of adda, the guests tucked into delicacies such as mutton biryani, mutton keema, chicken kebab, Chicken Rezala, sewai and firni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610349", "title": "Collector forms Committee to oversee distribution of free laptops", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-member committee has been formed by Coimbatore collector M Karunagaran to check the use of free laptops given to beneficiaries by the government.The collector said the purpose of the committee is to ascertain whether the laptops are being properly utilised by students. There are few rumours regarding the misuse of laptops. The team will comprise an official from the revenue and education department.He said in Coimbatore the government has sanctioned Rs 36 crore for distributing 45,717 laptops. As of now 25,716 laptops have been distributed. The Tamil Nadu government started the ambitious free laptop scheme, under which 68 lakh laptops would be distributed to government-aided higher secondary school and college students.Under the scheme, a poll promise of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, the government will distribute 9.12 lakh laptops this year and the balance in the next four years. The scheme, the first-of-its-kind in the country, is applicable to students of government-aided higher secondary schools, arts and science colleges, engineering colleges and polytechnic colleges. While the whole project will entail a cost of Rs 10,200 crore, the government has allocated Rs 912 crore for the distribution of the 9.12 lakh laptops in the first year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610312", "title": "$10bn Rafale deal not final yet: German leader", "text": "NEW DELHI: While not making any noise about India's decision to prefer the French Rafale fighter over Eurofighter Typhoon, Germany is still trying to negotiate with India for the over $10 billion medium-range multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA) deal. Germany is one of the key nations behind the European consortium which has designed the Typhoon.The deputy chief of the ruling CDU-led coalition's parliamentary committee in Bundestag (lower house of Parliament) for foreign and defence affairs, Andreas Schockenhoff, told TOI on Wednesday that the last word had not yet been heard on the MMRCA deal.India and France are currently having \"exclusive\" talks over pricing and other issues for the 126-aircraft deal and the defence ministry maintains that there is no question of reviewing the decision to enter into negotiations with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation .\"There have been discussions between German and Indian officials and I can say that this is not a closed book yet,'' said Schockenoff, a close aide of Chancellor Angela Merkel , who is in India on a four-day visit.\"As far as I know, there is not yet a commercial order committed by the Indian government. The Eurofighter manufacturers are working again on the offer and this is a subject of negotiations between the European consortium and the Indian government ,'' he added.Schockenhoff met senior defence ministry officials, including minister of state for defence Pallam Raju, but said he had not raised the issue during his visit to India.Interestingly, the comments by Schockenhoff come close on the heels of remarks by a Russian government spokesperson who said India was likely to refloat the tender as negotiations between India and France had failed. Russia's MiG-35 fighter jet too was part of the bid but lost in the preliminary stages.Unlike as in the UK, another country associated with the Eurofighter where the reaction to India's decision bordered on the wild, the initial reaction in Germany was restrained. The government did say though that exclusive talks don't necessarily lead to actual sale.The Eurofighter was said to have lost out to Rafale because of cost and expensive maintenance issues and also because of Rafale's similarities to the French Mirage 2000 fighters being used by the IAF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15609070", "title": "First community pharmacy outlet at Kozhikode Medical College Hospital", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The first Karunya community pharmacy outlet in the district will start functioning in Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) from next month.A Kerala State Medical Services Corporation Ltd (KSMSCL) initiative, the pharmacy will sell generic as well as specialty drugs at subsidized rates. There are plans to open eight such units in the district.All branded drugs will be sold at these outlets at 20-60 per cent discount. These outlets are being set up to help patients who cannot afford expensive medicines, especially drugs for cancer and cardiac ailments.A KSMSCL team has already visited KMCH, Vadakara government hospital and Beach general hospital to identify the location for setting up the pharmacies.DMO K P Mohanan confirmed that he had sent a report on the availability of space for the outlets at these three hospitals.A KSMSCL official said the Karunya pharmacy unit at KMCH would open in September. \"We are planning to set up eight such units in Kozhikode in a phased manner. In the second phase, an outlet will be set up in Beach hospital. In the third phase, pharmacies will be set up in Vadakara government hospital, and taluk hospitals in Nadapuram, Kuttiady, Perambra, Thamarassery and Koyilandy,\" he said.KSMSCL is planning to set up around 2,500 such pharmacies in district and taluk hospitals and community health centres in the state. It will distribute medicines to the outlets after purchasing branded generic medicines in bulk directly from drug manufactures through a centralized pooling system.KMCH principal Dr C Ravindran said the pharmacy would start functioning at a temporary building in front of the Institute of Maternal and Child Health.\"We are planning to construct a permanent building for the outlet some time later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610062", "title": "E-boards at toll nakas by September 15", "text": "MUMBAI: The state public works department will instal electronic boards at all toll nakas by September 15, said PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal.There are 81 toll nakas belonging to the PWD and 65 to the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation. However, the boards will not be put up at roads developed on a build, operate and transfer basis.The board will provide information on cost of the road construction, amount to be recovered through toll, amount collected and to be collected in future, name of contractor, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15614629", "title": "Press freedom is more important in present scenario: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday observed that press freedom is more important in present scenario. The apex court was referring to scams and corruption happening all around.The SC observation came in response to Ratan Tata's plea that media rights need to be balanced with citizen's right to privacy.The SC said it would be difficult to do so given the recent incidents of violence against a particular section because of mobile uploads through internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609564", "title": "Forensic report confirms Neelima's suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) investigators on Wednesday cleared the air on the death of Infosys employee Neelima and stated that there was nothing suspicious in her viscera samples. They submitted a report to this effect to Gandhi Hospital doctors.Based on the post-mortem examination (PME) earlier submitted by doctors, police had reached the conclusion that it was a case of suicide.Neelima died after falling from the seventh floor of Infosys building in July. However, Gandhi Hospital doctors had referred the case to APFSL since they found some liquid in her stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610012", "title": "Highest rain in 31 years in Jaipur, 14 killed in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Incessant rain threw life completely out of gear in the state capital and other districts. The rain that began as a drizzle soon turned into a fury by Tuesday midnight and claimed 14 lives in the state - eight in the state capital, two each in Jaipur rural, Dholpur and Dausa districts.The torrential rain in the capital that lasted for two hours, between 12.15 am to 2.30 am, recorded 17 cm, the highest in the past three decades. Last it was on July 23, 1981 when the Pink City had witnessed a rain of 32.6 cm on a single day.Schools in Jaipur remained closed on Wednesday on the directives of the district administration while for Thursday, classes have been suspended till Class VIII. \"Class IX onwards will function normally,\" said district collector Naveen Mahajan.Rail and road transport were badly affected. While eight trains were delayed, several buses were cancelled, especially the ones going to Agra as the highway had to be shut after flooding. Water had gushed into the terminal of Jaipur airport, where a power failure was also reported in the night.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called up chief minister Ashok Gehlot who later held a meeting with the concerned officials and directed that relief operations be initiated immediately. He also directed the district administration to provide the kin of the victims a compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh each. The first installment of Rs 20,000 was handed over to the kin on Wednesday.Officials in several districts were put on an alert with the Met department predicting more rain. Several other places in the state also witnessed heavy rain with Niwai near Tonk receiving the highest rainfall of 25 cm. It was followed by Sapotara and Sawai Madhopur 21 cm each, Udaipurwati and Lalsoth 19 cm, Laxmangarh 18 cm, Neem Ka Thana 16 cm, Shahpura 15 cm, Amer and Malsidar 14 cm each, Viratnagar and Behror 13 cm each.According to the Jaipur Met office , \"It was the highest rain of this season in Jaipur. The last time the city witnessed such rain was in 1981 as well as on August 16, 1959 when it recorded 32.6 cm and 18.8 cm rain respectively,\" said SS Singh, director, Jaipur Met office.\"Twenty thousand food packets were distributed and nine teams were keeping a watch on scene and were surveying the damages,\" said the collector.In the capital, scores of commuters who had finished office or were heading home after an evening out were stranded at various parts of the city and had spent the night at home of strangers or at make shift shelters. The rain washed away the railings of the Man Sagar lake near the Jal Mahal after water had spilled onto the streets from the lake. According to eye witnesses during midnight several vehicles got stranded near Jal Mahal and had to take shelter at a petrol pump.Several low-lying areas in Jaipur including Bhatta Basti, Prem Nagar, Brahmpuri, Ghat ki Guni and others remained heavily waterlogged till Wednesday evening. Several houses collapsed or were flooded while there were reports of vehicles being swept away.Power supply was badly hit in most areas of the city. Power was put off in a few areas including Amanishah Nullah and Chitrakoot for safety. Several shops in Walled City and houses in residential colonies were flooded.\"All senior police officers were in touch with each other over the wireless and were exchanging information of untoward incidents. We also asked concerned police station to rush for the rescue wherever any incident was reported from. It is estimated that till 5.30 pm, at least 200 houses in and around Jaipur have collapsed and more than 2,000 people were rescued and sent to camps,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "velim", "code": "15609570", "title": "Vel'lekars refuse \"even an inch of land\", protest govt 'land grab' for jetty expansion", "text": "VELIM: The revenue department's recent notification to acquire 30,000 sq m of land for the expansion of Cutbona fishing jetty, hardly days before the proceedings were to lapse, has stirred a hornet's nest in Velim.Villagers have resolved not to part with any of their land in protest against the government \"bulldozing\" its way over the land acquisition proceedings. The notification was issued under Section 7 of the Land Acquisition Act.The Cutbona Trawler Owners Association, on the other hand, which feels the jetty's expansion and upgradation are the \"need of the hour\", would like to hold \"negotiations\" with villagers, the fisheries department and the project's consultants. Association members believe the upgradation is \"more important\" and therefore the land being acquired need not be 30,000 sq m. They insist they do not want the project at the cost of antagonizing the locals.The issue, nonetheless, generated a lot of heat at the Velim village panchayat's recent gram sabha. The support extended to the locals by the Velim MLA Benjamin Silva is also being viewed as a shot-in-the-arm for opponents of the project. What has fuelled the locals ire is not just the jetty upgradation project or the fishmeal plant, but the way the government has gone about acquiring prime farming land without taking the panchayat into confidence.\"Neither the fisheries department nor the land acquisition authority (the South Goa collectorate) bothered to inform the panchayat about the plans for land acquisition,\" said Ramona Almeida, convener of the Velim Civic and Consumer Forum (VCCF) that has been in the forefront of the agitation.\"Only when the locals questioned the panchayat over the matter two years ago did correspondence begin between the panchayat and the land acquisition officer. And yes , there was a mention of the fishmeal plant in one of those letters from the land acquisition authority then,\" she explained.As there was no transparency over the project, the locals had demanded a public hearing, \"which has so far not taken place\", said Almeida.The villagers had also submitted a 24-point questionnaire to the fisheries department and the land acquisition authority over the project, which, the locals claim, has so far remained unanswered. One of the queries was concerning the proposed fishmeal plant.\"We have very limited land resources and we just cannot afford to part with such a huge swathe of land, especially when 19,000-odd sq m acquired by the government years ago has not been fully utilized,\" said Almeida. She stressed that the locals have decided not to give any more land to the government \"whatever may be the purpose of acquisition\".Hector Colaco, a social activist from the village, believes the project will not accrue any benefits to the locals. \"There are only 8-9 people in Velim who own about 16 trawlers, and they too are opposed to any land acquisition. The project will only bring in more and more migrant labour force to our village. The project will benefit only the big trawler owners, while leaving local fishermen in the lurch,\" Colaco said.Echoing Colaco's views, Almeida questioned the purpose of land acquisition for \"public purpose\". \"Here the villagers are the public, and when they are opposed to the project, when the locals in the fishing business have given in writing that they are against any land acquisition, who is benefitting from the project?\" asked Almeida.She added, \"We demand total transparency in the project. This is prime agricultural and khazan land which has been classified as an eco-sensitive zone, and the government just can't bulldoze its plans over the villagers.\" Terming the expansion and the upgradation of the jetty a urgent necessity, members of the Cutbona Trawler Owners Association, stressed that they do not wish to have the project at the cost of antagonizing the locals.\"We have been demanding proper facilities at the jetty for the last 30 years, but successive governments just ignored our demands,\" association president Patrick D'Silva said. Pointing out that the previous Congress government \"heeded our demand and appointed a consultant for the project\", he said, \"We have always held that no project should come up in the village without an environmental impact assessment report, and that the local panchayat should take the right decision at the right time. We do not want to make money at the cost of the locals and the environment.\" Further stressing that there is no fishmeal plant envisaged in the project, D'Silva said he is willing to have a meeting with the villagers and the fisheries department, along with the consultants, for \"negotiations\".\"What we have asked for, and what is provided in the project report, are basic facilities at the jetty, including a restroom and recreation hall for the labourers. If the villagers are opposed to the government acquiring 30,000 sq m, a smaller area can be acquired and only the essential facilities set up. It is absolutely essential that the jetty is upgraded, otherwise it will drastically affect fish production as no trawler owner will go in for expansion of business,\" D'Silva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609692", "title": "High on black jaggery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Uncontrolled sale of black jaggery in Dhoolpet is proving to be the biggest impediment to successful rehabilitation of families involved in illicit liquor distillation. Without any legal provisions to check its use for making gudumba, its low cost and easy availability make it tough for the prohibition and excise department to take any steps in this regard.Black jaggery is a key ingredient in the production of illicitly distilled liquor (ID) or gudumba and is considered an impure form of jaggery that is unfit for human consumption. Illicit liquor distillation until the early 1990s was done through molasses as its prices were subsidised by the government. But after liberalisation, molasses prices sky rocketed in tune with international prices. Gudumba makers then switched to black jaggery, a cheaper alternative. A kilo of black jaggery nowcosts around Rs 30.Figures with the excise and prohibition department show that 26,610 kg of black jaggery was seized by Dhoolpet excise officials in the last 26 months. But these figures do not tally with the magnitude of liquor production in the area. Excise officials reveal that what they seize is only the tip of the iceberg as it is estimated that at least 60% of the black jaggery produced in the state is used for brewing illicit liquor.The sale of black jaggery in the city happens in Jumeraat Bazaar and Begum Bazaar.Anywhere between 50 and 90% of the black jaggery sold by eight-odd shops in the vicinity of Dhoolpet ends up in the dens of gudumba makers. Officials add that even if they have knowledge that a consignment or purchase is for illicit liquor distillation, seizes or arrests cannot be made. \"If we do make arrests, the case does not stand scrutiny before court in view of absence of legal provisions. There have been instances when officers were penalized. Even if the individual caught is a noted bootlegger, he will simply say that it is for cattle. Only when we raid distillation locations and seize liquor, can we seize these ingredients,\" an official pointed out.Senior officials in the department said the government in 2003 had planned on enacting a law to regulate the sale of black jaggery. But fearing that such a move could hurt the poor sugarcane farmers and considering its use in ayurvedic medicines and as cattle fodder, the government had scrapped the idea. \"Black jaggery, like any other substance with sugar, can be turned into alcohol.Its regulation has been contemplated but a solution has remained elusive. The only thing that we can do is to increase raids to prevent wrong use of black jaggery,\" said deputy commissioner of prohibition and excise M M A Farooqi.The government had in February this year launched an initiative to buy black jaggery from farmers directly in a bid to restrict gudumba production. As a result black jaggery purchase centers were opened in Anakapalli, Chittoor and Kamareddy. But the initiative has made no difference. \"Officials put up boards in the markets asking farmers to bring black jaggery. But in Anakapalli market not a block of black jaggery has been sold. The government has to campaign for the initiative by going into surrounding villages and has to make sure that it can find viable means to dispose of its purchase,\" said a trader from the Anakapalli market in Visakhapatnam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609500", "title": "EDC's BoD reconstituted", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday announced that the government has re-constituted the board of directors of the Goa economic development corporation (EDC) and the appointments of chairman and vice chairman will be declared by August 27 or 28.When asked to name the board members, Parrikar said all names will be declared by Monday or Tuesday and that, as promised by him, there will be some professionals on the board. The chief minister said that he had cleared the files for the re-constitution of the Goa biodiversity board and the state environment council. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609801", "title": "Day after gifting rose to Raj, cop skips duty", "text": "MUMBAI: Police naik Pramod Shantaram Tawde, who is facing a departmental enquiry for presenting a rose to Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray during the latter's rally, left office three hours before Tuesday's rally and did not resume work even on Wednesday. Police are probing if he was in touch with MNS leaders and his action was pre-planned.Tawde, currently attached to the city police's wireless department at Nagpada, was not posted at Azad Maidan for wireless or bandobast duty, say his senior colleagues. \"There is no question of him attending bandobast until instructed to do so. He came to office at 11am on Tuesday and worked normally before he suddenly went missing. Later, some of our colleagues came to know through TV reports that he had gone to Azad Maidan,\" said the officer. Tawde's job includes receiving wireless messages and sending them to senior officers. \"He might have done this for publicity,\" he added. He admitted Tawde was part of a group of policemen who were beaten up by CISF men on August 12, 2010, but the legal process is on. \"He will get justice. What is the need to go on a political stage and appreciate a man who is speaking against the home minister and police chief?\" asked the officer.Despite not reporting for duty, Tawde recorded his statement with the Azad Maidan police on Wednesday.Priyanka, Tawde's wife, said she was surprised to see her husband on TV during the rally. \"We were watching TV and all of a sudden I saw my husband on stage. I didn't know how to react. He returned at 11pm on Tuesday and again left for office at 10am on Wednesday,\" she said. The couple has a daughter who studies in class X and a 14-year-old son. Their third-floor flat in building number 194, at police lines in Kannamwar Nagar, Vikhroli (East), has several amenities including a 40-inch flat TV and a split air-conditioner. Below the TV was a bouquet with the visiting card of an MNS area leader. \"I don't know the MNS leader. Some people came to appreciate my husband in the morning. However, he had already left for office, so they kept the bouquet on the table,\" she said, refusing to be photographed.In his speech, Thackeray targeted state home minister R R Patil and police commissioner Arup Patnaik for their \"failure\" to tackle the August 11 riots at Azad Maidan and sought Patnaik's removal from his post. Tawde had told the media on Tuesday, \"I know the department will take strong action against me for my appreciation of Thackeray's support for policemen. After last Saturday's violence in which policemen were manhandled and beaten by the mob, no political leader gave any moral support or uttered a word on policemen.\"A departmental enquiry against him is expected to begin in a few days but police are also examining his medical history to find out if he was mentally disturbed or unstable.Tawde, originally from Ratnagiri district, had earlier allegedly misled the police. \"He gave a wireless message in January 2011 that some policemen were beaten up somewhere by unidentified people. When probed, it turned out to be false,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610455", "title": "Mumbai's 'hit' tuberculosis model may be replicated across India", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the city's tuberculosis epidemic had brought central and international glare, Mumbai's health system got a pat on its back.A TB programme review team, including central officials and representatives from American Centers for Disease Control and USAIDS, appreciated how BMC's door-to-door surveillance had increased the number of patients brought under the revised national tuberculosis control programme (RNTCP).BMC sources said the Centre may adopt the Mumbai innovation across the country. After detection of the extensively drug-resistant TB in the city in January, the city was chosen for a pilot project with additional funding and infrastructure to reduce the cases, especially the drug-resistant variety. While RNTCP works independently of the local health structure, the BMC asked its health workers to also look for TB patients during their door-to-door visits.On Wednesday, the monitoring mission felt that such surveys should be integrated into the TB control plan in both rural and urban areas. \"Outreach programmes are conducted by the local self-government bodies in urban and rural areas. The outreach worker, while looking for malaria or pregnancy cases, has to ask about TB symptoms as well,\" said a civic official, requesting anonymity.BMC additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar confirmed that the monitoring team had appreciated the contribution of the door-to-door surveys. in TB control.\"After screening 24 wards, we found 4,168 suspects, who were encouraged to go to a local TB centre for a sputum check. Of them, 458 tested positive and 452 are already on treatment,\" she added.The 10% detection rate, the BMC officials were told by the monitoring team, is good. On Wednesday, the review team visited J J Hospital's microbiology department and inspected work on ground levels at Chembur slums. Team officials said the review is a part of the national policy. \"We conduct two TB programme reviews every quarter. Since this a mega review, which takes place once in three years, we have roped in international organizations. Till now, we have found everything running smooth with Mumbai's programme,\" said Dr Kuldeep Singh Sachdeva from the central TB team.The door-to-door surveys ensured that those who would have otherwise not gone to the public health post for a TB check were encouraged to go.\"Experience with malaria helped us,'' said Mhaiskar. A couple of years ago, the BMC started door-to-door checks for malaria patients. and ensured that patients were brought in early for intervention.BMC's second leg of door-to-door TB survey begins on September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608425", "title": "Deer make zoo upkeep dearer", "text": "MYSORE: The Zoo Authority of Karnataka spends Rs 16 lakh on the maintenance of the Indira Priyadarshini mini zoo near Davanagere while it generates only about Rs 2.5 lakh as revenue.When the ZAK was exploring ways to cut down expenditure incurred at the Davanagere facility so that the funds could be used for development, it figured out that deer hold the key. Strange as it may sound, the ruminant mammal has multiplied over the years forming a major chunk of inmates at the zoo eating into the funds.The ZAK is planning to impose celibacy among the deer population in the five mini-zoos in Karnataka to save and divert funds for other development activities. The conservation centre at Davanagere devised a special way to segregate males from females for effective birth control: They created a partition in the deer enclosure spread over 6 acres and placed a specially designed small gate at the centre that allowed only doe to pass through while the deer's antelope made it unable to move to the other side. Once the majority of the doe are on the other side, the gate is closed. This segregation mechanism has worked and the births will come down this season, which will help us to reorient towards development work, ZAK chairman M Nanjundaswamy told TOI. \"We want to control deer birth in the mini-zoos so that we regulate inbreeding and also control their population,\" he stated. ZAK will implement the natural birth control measure at Gadag and Bellary facilities too.It has a reason: As against some 20 births annually, five die every year leading to the crowding in the mini-zoos. Birth control measuresAt Mysore Zoo and Bannerghatta National Park, the authorities have adopted vasectomy for birth control. Some six years ago, the Mysore facility moved some of the deer born in captivity to the wild bordering Nagarahole national park to cut down their population in the zoo. But it didn't work as many of them died in the wild forcing the zoo to suspend it.The problem is that mini-zoos lack expertise in birth control. \"We allotted Rs 16 lakh for the Davanagere facility and bulk of it takes case of food input cost. With deer population rising, it is stretching our expenditure,\" Nanjundaswamy explained.The Mysore Zoo and BNP are self sustaining while the ZAK funds for the upkeep of the other five mini-zoos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611013", "title": "Nominations filed at Kanpur's Brahmanand Degree College", "text": "KANPUR: The trumpet of student union elections to be held in the degree colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University has been blown. The Brahmanand Degree College situated on Mall Road is the first college in the city, which would be holding the student body elections on August 26. The nominations for the same were held on Wednesday from 9 am to 12 noon.While three student leaders Ramji Tiwari, Navneet Awasthi and Amar Modi filed nominations for the post of President, Rohit Sonkar, Raghvendra Dubey and Pravin Mishra filed their papers for the post of General Secretary in the BND college. The college authorities conducting student body elections informed that the nomination of Amar Modi has been cancelled as he is over-age and Pravin Mishra has taken back his name and will not be contesting elections.Earlier, the nominations began with hooliganism. The supporters of two student leaders clashed outside the BND college premises and hurled bombs. This led to panic in the area and the commuters on Mall Road ran for cover. The police reached the spot in sometime but by then the student leaders and their supporters had escaped from the scene. The police thereafter, launched a manhunt to nab these students but none of them were caught.Meanwhile, the campaigning for elections remained at its peak in BND college on Tuesday. The campaigning has picked up in other degree colleges of the city as well. This time elections would be held in 16 degree colleges including PPN, DAV, DBS, VSSD, SN Sen, Juhari Devi, DG, Jwala Devi to name a few. In BND college, the votes would be polled on August 26 from 8 am to 12 pm. The same day the results will be declared.Meanwhile, the students contesting elections and their supporters held a rigorous campaigning session at VSSD degree college on Wednesday.The student leaders appealed students to vote for them but majority of students coming to college for attending classes looked uninterested in elections. They therefore, did not accept the pamphlets and other publicity material being offered by the supporters of the students contesting elections and simply walked away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15611349", "title": "BJP guilty of being obstructive opposition", "text": "By taking a rigid position that it is not willing to participate in any debate in Parliament on the CAG reports until the prime minister resigns, the BJP is being unreasonable. It is also in the process starting to convey the impression that it is not really interested in a meaningful debate on the issues involved but is more focussed on precipitating a political crisis. Walking out from the JPC on the 2G scam and talk of a possible boycott of all committees - or even an en masse resignation from the Lok Sabha -- only adds to this impression. The BJP should recognise that it is guilty of not fulfilling the role the electorate gave it - that of a constructive rather than an obstructive opposition.Related story : Section in BJP seeks to pullout from all House panels", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609424", "title": "Alert guard rescues man from tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: Timely action by a local train guard saved the life of a man lying close to the tracks near Hooghly's Rishra station on Wednesday afternoon. The man, aged about 30 years, was first spotted beside the tracks by S K Acharya, motorman of the 37829 Howrah-Burdwan main line local. He reported the matter to the train running control office at the Howrah station. The message was relayed by the control room to A Mukherjee, guard of the 37655 Howrah-Memari local, which was near the Konnagar station at that time.Mukherjee contacted Rishra station and asked for a stretcher and some porters. Around 1.27 pm, he stopped the train at the spot where the youth was lying and helped him get to the stretcher. The stretcher and porters were then transported by the train to Srirampur station where an ambulance was waiting. At 1.35 pm, the unidentified man was admitted to the Walsh Hospital in Srirampur.In another incident, a 14-year-old student from Howrah fell from a local train after getting smashed into an OHE mast and died on the spot. The accident took place near a level crossing gate at Puddapukur between Shalimar and Santragachi stations on Wednesday afternoon. The boy was returning home from tuitions. According to South Eastern Railway (SER) officials, the accident occurred when the Class-VIII student was leaning out of the door of the local train.\"The deceased has been identified as Karan Kumar Singh, a resident of the Kazipara in Shibpur. His father Kamlesh Singh is a transporter. It seems that he had boarded the Santragachi-Shalimar shuttle on his way home. It is still not known whether he was with friends. He must have been leaning out of the door of the train, when he got smashed into the mast and fell beside the tracks around 3.50pm. He died on the spot. Locals alerted the government railway police (GRP) after spotting the body. Singh's body was identified by his family members and sent for autopsy,\" a GRP official said.The GRP will inquire into the incident and speak to the boy's friends to find out whether any foul play was involved. SER officials, meanwhile, confirmed that the train wasn't crowded and there is little possibility of the boy being pushed out by other commuters.lost his life after smashing into an OHE mast and getting thrown off a local train near a level crossing gate at Puddapukur between the Shalimar and Santragachi stations on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15611421", "title": "Need for a balanced approach on tourism in tiger reserves", "text": "An all-or-nothing approach to tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves is likely to be counter-productive. There is certainly merit in the argument that unrestricted commercialisation threatens the habitat of the tiger as of other wildlife. It does not, however, follow logically from that there should be commercial activity at all. If all tourists and locals are kept out of the core areas, it could aid rather than hinder poachers and those forest officers who are willing to collude with them. The answer, therefore, lies in allowing limited commercial activity under strictly supervised conditions. This creates a larger pool of stakeholders for the project to save the tiger and that can only be good news.Related story : Tiger tourism ban: SC says commercial activity seems to top Centre's priorities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608344", "title": "NIT soft on builders in Besa-Beltarodi", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation and Nagpur Improvement Trust seemed to have miserably failed to monitor the gross violation of construction of building laws in the city. Refusing to learn from their past mistakes, the civic agencies have turned blind eye towards violations in upcoming townships.A case in point is the Besa-Beltarodi region where the NIT is planning the Nagpur Metropolitan Regional Development Authority. Replying to an RTI query, the NIT has said that many citizens take possession of flats and houses from builders even though it has not issued the mandatory occupancy (completion) certificates.RTI activist Harish Naidu had sought answers to 10 queries, including names of high rise buildings in Besa-Beltarodi, names of builders or developers to whom completion and occupancy certificates have been granted.Though the NIT skipped most of the queries and asked Naidu to seek information from NIT's south division office, it has admitted to not having issued completion and occupancy certificates.According to rules, after completion of a project, the builder also has to get an occupancy certificate from the concerned authority to ensure that construction of the building is as per the approved plan. This is an important document as it certifies that the building is safe and that it is not encroached upon. \"However, citizens take possession of flats/houses from builders even if the NIT has not issued an occupancy (completion) certificate,\" said Naidu.Moreover, at the construction stage the builder is supposed to get water supply, road and drainage, No Objection Certificates (NOCs) from the NIT, stating that these basic amenities have been taken care of. \"But most of the developers and builders do not take care of these amenities,\" said a senior officer of NIT.A majority of the construction in the area has been carried out following no objection certificates from the Gram Panchayat as no one was aware that district collector was the only authority to sanction the building plans, outside corporation and municipal council areas. Now the NIT has been appointed as planning authority of the township.The number of high-rise buildings in Besa and Beltarodi is on the rise. Sources said that there are over 2,000 buildings, flats or independent houses that have come up here. According to an affidavit submitted in the high court, there are around 1,461 buildings constructed which are not in accordance to the rules.\"Most of them have brazenly violated norms prescribed in national building code. In fact, very few buildings had followed the norms,\" said the officer.Naidu pointed out that townships coming up in the outskirts should be developed in a planned manner. \"The roads leading to the buildings are also very narrow and may not allow fire tenders to approach the building in case of an emergency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609584", "title": "Money down the drain as civic water plant goes dry", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s water treatment plant worth a few lakh rupees that was originally installed at Ramkund near the Godavari during the last Kumbh Mela is now lying idle after being moved to Dindori Road.The unit was packed and transported to the civic body's filtration plant at Dindori, within a couple of years of use. Officials from the NMC's mechanical engineering department say that solid material thrown by locals, into the river had been hindering the water filtration process.N S Gavli, deputy engineer of the NMC's mechanical department, said that the machinery has been shifted to Dindori Road to prevent its theft. \"We used it for a couple of years after installing it but did not find it effective. It used to get choked up due to sold waste (thrown in the river)\", he said.Executive engineer of the mechanical department RK Pawar said, \"People throw rice, used diyas, flowers and other items in the river and this chokes up the pipes. We have had to remove the dirt and silt from the pipe on several occasions but the waste keeps accumulating hampering the filtration process. During the last two floods the equipmemnt also got submerged. Therefore, for security purposes, we have now shifted the machine.\"He added that NMC had no plans to reinstall and reuse the plant. Several lakh of rupees had been spent on the project but now it is deemed unfeasible for use. The NMC have any record of the machine on paper since itwas installed over ten years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609547", "title": "Two die in Outer Ring Road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons died and three were injured when a speeding truck rammed a parked truck on the Outer Ring Road in Shamshabad on Wednesday.On Wednesday morning, a truck coming from Miryalguda to Patancheru rammed the coal-laden stationary vehicle at Kishanguda in Shamshabad. Driver of the moving truck Surender Reddy, 37, and cleaner K Sukya Naik, 36, died on the spot. Three others who were in the truck also suffered injuries and were shifted to a nearby hospital, Shamshabad inspector C Anjaiah said.Immediately after the incident, the driver of the stationary truck fled from the spot. A case was booked against him under Sections 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) of the IPC for parking the truck on the busy road without switching on indicator lights, the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610087", "title": "Cops nab hospital nurse, 4 others for child trafficking", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have busted a child trafficking racket with the arrest of five people including a private hospital nurse in Ambattur on Wednesday, a few days after an infant was found dead in the bushes near ICF.The incident came to light, when a social activist, S Muthu, 52, informed the Ambattur police about a street brawl on August 17. Muthu, who runs a tiffin shop near Ambattur bus terminus, saw a woman abusing an elderly woman. Police picked up the two women. Inquiries revealed that nurse A Chitra, 28, a resident of Ambattur quarreled with Gnanasaraswathy, 70, a resident of Moogambigai Nagar in Veppampattu, after the child, sold to Gnanasaraswathy's son, died.Based on Gnanasaraswathy's complaint, police registered an abduction case and arrested Chitra. Also arrested were Sheeba Rajakumari of Salem, Kumar, a hospital security guard, Palanivelu, a sweeper at the hospital, and Pugazhadevi. Police said Gnanasaraswathy told Chitra that her son wanted to adopt a child as he didn't have children even after 10 years of marriage. Chitra collected 1.4 lakh from her, promising a baby.Rajakumari and Chitra approached a couple \u2014 Palanisamy and Gomathy \u2014 who delivered twin babies in February this year in Salem. As the children were born premature, they took them to the hospital. Doctors examined the children and told her one of the children had a hole in the heart. Palanivelu and Kumar approached the couple and bought the 25-day-old boy for 25,000. The child was brought to Chennai and Chitra handed over the baby to Gnanasaraswathy. Gnanasaraswathy took the child to a private hospital in Ambattur, where the doctors said the child was in a serious condition.Gnanasaraswathy returned the child to Chitra and asked for the money back. But, Chitra refused to pay. Police said the boy died a few days ago and Chitra threw the body into the bushes near ICF.The police busted the trafficking racket a few days after an abducted child was found dead in the bushes near ICF. Police found that the 25-day-old baby was bought for 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609941", "title": "Cleric named in FIR says he was in Mecca on August 11", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the 17 people named in the FIR for participating in the August 11 rally has claimed that he was not in India that day.Syed Khalid Ashraf, a senior cleric, said he was in Mecca on August 11 performing Umrah (mini-Haj). The 50-year-old wondered as to how he could be issued summons, saying he was not among the organizers of the Azad Maidan rally or present in the city that day.\"I left for Saudi Arabia to perform Umrah on August 5 and returned to Mumbai on August 13. As I lost my mobile during the trip, even my family could not contact me on August 11. I heard about the rally and the violence only after I returned home,\" said Ashraf, showing the arrival and departure entries on his passport as proof of his absence from the city for a week. \"I am aghast at how I have been dragged into something that I was not even aware of.\"Ashraf is the president of the Bhendi Bazar-based Madrassa Sunni Darul Uloom Mohammadiya. A practising Sufi, he is associated with a dozen other socio-religious organizations, including World Mashaikh Council, a global body of Sufis. He works from the council's office at Minara Masjid in Bhendi Bazar and lives in its vicinity.Ashraf is often invited to lead dua (prayers) at community congregations. Ashraf says he has always preached peace and condemns violence everywhere, including the one at Azad Maidan, which left two persons dead.Ashraf said a senior police officer told him that an informer had given his name. \"The officer said several names were given to the cops. He assured me that my name would be dropped from the list after verification of my travel documents,\" he said.A senior crime branch official said now that the matter had been brought to his notice, he would look into it and take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611191", "title": "Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) to get better infrastructure soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Soon Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) will have better infrastructure. Director of the Institution Dr Appu Kuttan K K said that the institute will have residential campus with amenities like sports club and shopping complexDr Kuttan was speaking during the investiture ceremony of the institution organized on Wednesday. \"Infrastructural development is being carried out in the campus with construction of hostels for girls and boys hostels, a shopping complex and a fully equipped sports club,\" he said.Lauding the students for their good performance in academic as well as other fields, Dr Kuttan said, \"Enginners from MANIT are global engineers and have more practical knowledge, talent and skill than IITians.\"Director general of police Nandan Dube administered oath to the members of the new students' council nominated for the session 2012-13 . Shiby Jaiswal, a final year student, is the new president. Dr C M Agarwal dean student's welfare, MANIT and Dr Anupama Sharma, the students' advisor, were also present.Dr Kuttan presented a detailed report, in which he stated that, the council members were nominated on the basis of their talents and past experiences. He announced the major events to be conducted in this academic session including an inter-university technical fest to be held in odd semester. He also informed about an inter-university cultural event to be conducted during the even semester.Dr Kuttan also declared the students' council for session 2012-13. Office bearers were administered oath by the DGP. In her speech, the new president announced that the tech fest of the college will be held on Oct 20-22 while the cultural fest would be held on March 22-24.In his address, Nandan Dubey spoke about his academic past and his connection with the college. Sharing his experiences at the college, he said, \"One cannot get anything without putting in hard work.\"A cultural programme was also presented wherein a contemporary dance to the tune of Kahin Aag Lage, a fusion dance of Bharatnatyam, Kuchipudi and Kathak and a rendition of songs like Yaaron and Rubaroo regaled the audience.BOX:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609722", "title": "Police chief Arup Patnaik\u2019s fate lies in CM\u2019s hands", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial police commissioner Arup Patnaik's fate will be decided by the chief minister. A week after home minister R R Patil proposed to shunt him out for inept handling of the August 11 riots, Prithviraj Chavan said. \"It's an administrative matter. Posting and transfer are an ongoing process; when a decision is taken, it will be communicated to the media.''A high-ranking official said Patnaik would be shifted to the Maharashtra State Security Corporation on promotion to the rank of DG.If Patnaik is shunted out, additional directors-general Satyapal Singh and Ahmed Javed, Thane police commissioner K P Raghuwanshi, ADG (traffic) V R Kamble and anti-terrorism squad chief Rakesh Maria are among the top contenders for the high-profile job.In the wake of the riots in south Mumbai, after a meeting convened by Raza Academy to condemn violence in Assam against members of minority communities turned violent, Patil had on August 16 submitted a comprehensive proposal to transfer Patnaik. \"The proposal is on Chavan's table, but he may not agree to it immediately, since that would make it look like a big victory for MNS leader Raj Thackeray, who has been demanding Patnaik's suspension,'' the official said.On Tuesday, MNS chief Raj Thackeray had led a massive rally from Girgaum-Chowpatty to Azad Maidan to demand the resignation of Patil and suspension of Patnaik.The official said a proposal to shift Patnaik on promotion was mooted in June, after the Centre agreed to enhance the post of DGs from three to five, besides the post of DGP. The DGP's office had submitted a proposal to promote Patnaik. However, it was rejected in the absence of a corresponding nomination for the second new post of DG. \"The proposal appeared to be motivated. If we have two additional posts of DGs, it was the responsibility of the officer concerned to submit a proposal for promotion of the two seniormost IPS officers. However, only one proposal was submitted. That's why the proposal was rejected,'' he said.On Patil's proposal, the official said, prima facie the home department had concluded that Patnaik had failed to deal with the situation. \"Our information is that there were specific inputs from intelligence agencies on large-scale violence, but we did not act. As a result, the government had to face an embarrassing situation,'' he said.Patnaik denied the charge of inept handling of the situation. \"We dealt with it professionally, therefore it did not spread to other parts of the metropolis,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608411", "title": "Soon, you can hire bicycles from stations", "text": "MYSORE: Here is some happy news for bicycle enthusiasts in Mysore. The district administration is going all out to promote bicycling in a big way by introducing public bicycle sharing (PBS) system in Mysore before Dasara.Authorities will float tenders by early next week inviting private players to assist them in the proposed project.Perhaps this is the first tier-II city in India to embark on this green initiative.Under the scheme, bicycle stands will be created across the city areas and about a dozen bicycles each will be stationed for public use. One can hire bicycles from any of these stations and then drop them at any other station.Locations have been identified for the proposed project and authorities have covered important spots like railway stations and bus stands and even tourists spot like Mysore Zoo, Mysore Palace and St Philomena's church.This will help authorities in promoting bicycling and help passengers save money in commuting. For instance, a person travelling from Kuvempunagar, an upscale locality, to the railway station can take a bicycle from a PBS bicycle stand nearby, leave the cycles at the railway station PBS stand and continue their onward journey.This move will be most useful for early morning and late evening commuters as auto fares are usually double during the time and public transport is scarce.Initially, authorities were planning to offer the service free of cost for the first one hour but that has been ruled out. The charges, however, will be nominal, said an official. Last month, deputy commissioner P S Vastrad held a meeting with managements of all educational institutions seeking their cooperation to set up bicycle stands at their campuses. Many had promised to offer space then.No immediate banTo a query, Vastrad said they don't have any immediate plan to ban movement of motorized vehicles in the central business district, especially in the vicinity of Mysore Palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15608673", "title": "CCTVs to keep tabs on errant staff in DDPI office", "text": "BELGAUM: Deputy Director of Public Instruction department has introduced biometric attendance system and installed CCTV cameras to keep an eye on errant employees and to bring in transparency in administration. All eight offices of Block Education Officers (BEO) will have CCTVs to bring in transparency in administration and to make employees working in all BEOs punctual.Twenty CCTV cameras have been installed at the DDPI office alone, while four cameras each have been fixed at eight BEO offices falling under Belgaum educational district.\"During counselling, some teachers create disturbance in the corridor of the DDPI office and it becomes difficult to identify them. In order to check this problem, we have installed CCTV cameras which catch trouble makers. Cameras are installed in the counselling hall, corridor and office rooms to bring transparency in the administration,\" said DDPI Divakar Shetty H.\"We have installed biometric attendance system in the office to give better service to people, inspired by the system working in zilla panchayat office. Sometimes people complain that they never see employees on their seats when they visit office during working hours. Hence, CCTVs will keep watch on the working of employees, while biometric system will keep tabs on their attendance,\" he explained. According to him, the system has proved very helpful in administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15611193", "title": "Punjab, Haryana officials face penalty for power overdrawal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a serious view about overdrawing of electricity, resulting in grid failure, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission has ordered action against officials of seven states, including Haryana and Punjab.The decision comes at a time when the Central government is contemplating heavy penalties on states overdrawing electricity that results in grid failure and possible imprisonment of chief secretaries to check the menace.In its order, passed on August 17 but uploaded on its website on Wednesday, the commission has directed its staff to initiate action under section 142 of the Electricity Act, which makes a provision for fine of up to Rs 1 lakh against officials of power utilities for non-compliance of panel's orders. Besides Punjab and Haryana, officers of power utilities in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir are also facing action in this regard, sources said.Though no officials have been identified as guilty yet, the commission has already indicated that it would be the personal liability of officers in charge of state power utilities to ensure compliance with commission's directions to curtail overdrawal from the grid and comply with messages of Northern Regional Load Despatch Center (NRLDC), Delhi.On August 3, NRLDC had approached the commission in view of the grid disturbances that occurred on July 30 and 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613889", "title": "No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey press meet", "text": "After the conclusion of the entire shooting of 'No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahe', the team held a lavish Press Conference where the cast and crew of the film were present. With lead stars Bharat Jadhav, Ankush Choudhari, Kranti Redkar, Aniket Vishwasrao, Manava Naik, Sai Lokur, Paddy Kamble and Sai Tamhankar, the movie is directed by Ankush Choudhari.This film is a remake of Boney Kapoor's Bollywood blockbuster 'No Entry'. This extravagant big budgeted film shot at exotic and rich locations is being produced by Premnath Rajagopalan &amp; Nikhil Saini. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609753", "title": "SC seeks Centre, CBI response on Ravi Rishi\u2019s lookout notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought responses from the Centre and the CBI to a petition filed by NRI businessman Ravinder Rishi challenging the lookout notice issued against him by the agency in connection with Tatra truck supply bribery case alleging that he was being prevented from going abroad for treatment.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar said the matter was of some concern and asked Attorney General G E Vahanvati whether he would appear for the Centre to assist the court in the case. The AG said he had given certain opinions in this case and would assign it to one of the law officers.The bench, which perused the probe status report submitted by the CBI, asked both the agency and the government to file their responses by August 31 and posted the matter for further hearing on September 4. It also permitted Rishi's counsel Ramiza Hakim to file rejoinder by September 3.The CBI's status report, submitted by additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra, alleged that several clandestine deals abroad related to Tatra truck transactions in India have been unearthed and that if the petitioner was allowed to go abroad there was a chance of his not returning to the country.On August 7, the bench had said that \"from the materials disclosed in these proceedings, we are not in a position to appreciate the reasons given for the lookout notice to have been issued in respect of the petitioner.\" It had permitted the CBI to file a sealed cover report justifying the decision to issue lookout notice.The contract for supply of Tatra trucks was taken up for investigation by the CBI on the orders of Defence minister AK Antony, and it hit headlines after the then Army chief General V K Singh claimed that he was offered Rs 14 crore to clear the purchase of 600 trucks. The CBI has already questioned Rishi, BEML (the defence public sector unit that supplies Tatra trucks procured via a contract with Tatra Sipox UK) top brass including its CMD V R S Natarajan and some retired Army officers.UK-based Tatra Sipox entered into the contract with BEML to supply Tatra trucks to the Army in June 1997, and has over the years supplied a few thousands trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609336", "title": "Cops accused of hasty arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly man and his software-engineer son were arrested on Friday and remanded in custody till August 27 on the basis of an extortion complaint by a promoter in Behala.The Behala police acted swiftly on the promoter's complaint but seem to be dragging their feet on an attempt-to-murder charge filed against him by a resident of Shahpur.There is a court order in either case for police to investigate the complaints against the accused, but the police have yet chosen to act only against Tapan Putatunda and his son Samrat.Many people in the Shahpur neighbourhood were surprised by the promptness of the Behala police to arrest Tapan and Samrat. The duo was taken into custody even before the police had done an analysis of the threat letter allegedly written by the father and son.\"On May 12 and 14, I received two letters, allegedly written by Ranjan Mahato of CPI(Maoists), Jhargram, demanding a 'ransom' of Rs 50 lakh. I lodged a complaint with Behala police station and a general diary was recorded. I suspected that my neighbour Tapan and his son Samrat were behind this threat. So I filed a case in Alipore court,\" Swapan Pal said.Why did Pal think his neighbours were behind this threat? He alleges that in 2010, Tapan and Samrat had \"barged into his room and threatened him with dire consequences if he failed to pay them Rs 2 lakh\". Pal claimed that he paid them Rs 1 lakh that time but when he suspected the duo behind this fresh threat mail, he went to police.Tapan is diabetic and has a pacemaker. Police made the arrests even before they had compared the handwriting of the accused with that of the threat mail, say sources. Police also refused to see why Pal did not lodge a complaint after he allegedly paid Rs 1 lakh to the Putatundas. Deputy commissioner (south west) Subrata Mitra, however, said that police arrested the accused \"after preliminary investigation\". On August 20, the Putatundas' lawyer, Sushil Chakraborty, moved a bail plea for Tapan on health grounds. The court rejected it and remanded him to judicial custody till August 27.On the other hand, Tapan's neighbour Sushanta Roy had filed a complaint against promoter Pal accusing him of attempt to murder after a car hit him on May 25, said Roy's lawyer Swapan Sardor.\"Roy lodged a complaint with Behala police, suspecting Pal. But police recorded only a general diary. He then moved Alipore court, which asked police to inquire into Roy's allegation (case No. 280/Behala police Station, dispatched on June 11),\" said Roy's lawyer . When the DC (south west) was reminded of this complaint against Pal, he said, \"I am not aware of this case.\"Roy says Pal threatened to kill him for protesting against his involvement in illegal construction. Putatundas' neighbours had filed a writ petition against Pal in high court against one of his alleged illegal constructions. Locals say Putatundas protested against the felling of trees on JK Pal Road to make space for a big housing complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609672", "title": "Red tape kills teenage kidney patient", "text": "MUMBAI: The day 18-year-old James Dilip Mirpagare breathed his last in a city hospital, his parents got the call they had been awaiting for two months. A directorate of medical research official told them that they could pick up the letter allowing James to get a kidney from his paternal uncle.His barely literate father, a driver with Central Railways in Bhusawal, cries as he recalls the painful developments leading to James's death on May 9. \"I will for the rest of my days keep wondering whether my son would have survived if the paperwork had been completed faster.''It's difficult to pinpoint the blame: Did the Mirpagares, with their limited understanding of the system, fail to provide required papers in time or did the authorities take a wee bit too long to give the green signal? There is, though, no denying that a young man, suffering from renal failure for six years, died waiting for a transplant operation despite a willing donor standing by.\"The idea of having a Transplantation of Human Organs Act was to facilitate voluntary live-related transplant. But nowadays, there are many procedures and people are being asked innumerable questions, resulting in lengthening of the waiting period,'' said Dr Madan Bahadur, the nephrologist who was treating James.Ever since former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh died waiting for a liver and kidney transplant on August 14, the focus has been on cadaver (deceased) donations and rightly so.But the city has a poor cadaver donation record of less than a 20 a year (this year has been an exception so far with 39). This results in most patients seeking out relatives for kidneys. But city doctors say even live donations are not smooth-sailing.In a country that has for decades been derided as the world's kidney bazaar, stringent laws are needed to ensure that people are not being forced to donate for a sum. But TOI spoke to several patients and their relatives who had been waiting for months for the government's green signal for a transplant. A 35-year-old teacher from Satna has clocked three months for a certificate from the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER). \"My sister has agreed to donate one of her kidneys to me. Her husband has given an NOC, but the Mumbai officials want NOCs from my other brother and sister saying they have no issue if she has the operation,'' he says from a guesthouse in Mumbai where he has spent months now.A patient who didn't want to be named said his paperwork was stuck because his donor, his 58-year-old sister from Bangalore, couldn't produce a marriage certificate. Doctors point out that a person can be put on the operation table within five days after the doctor certifies the need for a transplant, but that rarely happens. Every patient has to submit 26 documents in all.What are the bottlenecks? A state government official points out that most delayed transplant cases involve outsiders from the state. Doctors list a number of reasons\u2014the need for a government representative on the hospital ethics committee that first interviews the patient and donor, NOCs from three different organizations such as the hospital where the transplant is to be carried out, the state they belong to, and the DMER of the state they want to get the transplant done. Consultant nephrologist Shrirang Bichu from Bombay Hospital said a transplant takes about three months on an average.The biggest bottleneck is the relatively new requirement of a government official sitting in on hospital ethical committee meetings. Dr Vishwanath Billa, who is attached to Sion Hospital, said the city has only two government nominees to attend to meetings carried out in 28 transplant centres. \"These nominees have to establish that the donor is indeed the spouse, parent, child or sibling of the recipient. After they give an NOC, the patient can go ahead with other formalities. But since there are only two officials, a patient has to wait for a long time before his turn,\" he added.Doctors say Mumbai should follow HOTA rules as they are practised in other cities. Hinduja Hospital's Dr Jatin Kothari said that there is no rule suggesting that patients have to take an NOC from the state they come from. \"This directive is based on a Supreme Court ruling in a case. The local authorities have made it a precedent. The Act does not mention anywhere that an NOC from the native state is required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610892", "title": "Late Ethiopian PM helped India extend footprint in Africa", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2008, India was shopping for votes in support for the nuclear deal in the IAEA . And, the then Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi gave it without hesitation. As he told Indian diplomats, \"India's growth is in Ethiopia's interest.\"Zenawi, who died in Brussels on Tuesday, was often described as an on-again-off-again Western ally. But he was a staunch supporter of India, and in the past decade has been in the vanguard of facilitating India's footprint in Africa. Indian companies have invested about $5 billion in Ethiopia. Indian companies are some of the biggest in commercial agriculture in Ethiopia. Indian Army is training and writing the manual for the Ethiopian army, not to speak of the number of Indian teachers, who have taught generations of Ethiopians.Zenawi, who became PM of Ethiopia at the same time Manmohan Singh launched economic reforms in India, felt a special bond with India.Zenawi, recalled Jairam Ramesh in a letter to Zenawi's wife, met a large delegation of Indian businessmen without aides or notes and made a persuasive case for Indian investment in Africa.\"India is more positively involved in this African problem. First, it does not come up with a holier than thou attitude. I know first-hand that India has worked hard for a fair referendum in Sudan. But it does not brag about it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608806", "title": "Delhi NGOs slam placement agency bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's draft bill on placement agencies - aimed at reining in exploitative agents - has created a flutter among NGOs, with activists claiming that it is riddled with loopholes. Meanwhile, the deadline for receiving suggestions and objections to the proposed legislation, which has been put up on the government website, has been set as August 28.On Wednesday, representatives of around 12 NGOs, including NGO Save the Children , met at Constitution Club and voiced their concerns over the bill's provisions. The meeting concluded with a consensus that the draft bill is not acceptable. Arguing that the government cannot limit its engagement with civil society by seeking objections and suggestions through mail, the NGOs demanded a thorough review of the bill.\"The bill aims at monitoring placement agencies, but it appears to be an attempt to regulate domestic workers. The provisions require domestic workers to undergo all kinds of enquiries to prove their credentials. Also, terms like domestic labour, trafficking, placement agency and domestic work haven't been defined and adopted as per ILO's recommendations,\" said the representatives.Citing many shortcoming in the bill, Sanjay Gupta, director of Childhood Enhancement Through Education &amp; Training (CHETNA), said, \"The rights of the domestic worker don't find a mention in the bill. Whether a worker can file an appeal on being exploited by the employer is not explained. The main issue of prevention of trafficking remains unaddressed,\" Gupta said.NGO Shakti Vahini, which has been working on preventing trafficking of girls from other states, presented another concern. \"Just implementing an Act in Delhi will not help as the problem is national. Domestic workers are being brought in from states like West Bengal and Jharkhand. Hence, it's important to put in place a national plan of action for placement agencies to ensure coordination between states,\" said Rishikant, who represented the NGO.Social activist Subhash Bhatnagar felt that the government's focus on regulating agencies is misplaced. \"Monitoring employers who engage domestic workers is critical. It should be mandatory for them to register with the state. Most agents who bring girls to the city promising employment are individuals of an exploitative nature who don't want to get themselves registered. Limiting the new law to placement agencies will not change much as far as stopping exploitation of domestic workers is concerned,\" Bhatnagar said.The Draft Delhi Private Placement Agencies (regulation) Bill 2012 underlines that no agency shall employ, engage or deploy anyone under the age of 18 as a domestic help. Violation of the bill's provisions can fetch a jail term up to one year and a fine of Rs 20,000. The provisions state that only licensed individuals or private agencies can provide private domestic workers. The licences will be issued for a period of five years by a controlling authority - comprising officers of the level of joint labour commissioner. All existing placement agencies are required to register with the state within three months of the notification of the new law.The bill mandates a placement agency to display its licence at the office and maintain a register with records of domestic workers and employers. The labour department has been given the power to conduct inspections and crosscheck these documents at will.The agency has to issue photo IDs to domestic workers and inform the controlling authority about deployment of workers within five days of their getting employed. Each worker will have a bank account and a pass book. Their salary is to be put in the account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611219", "title": "Fresh swine flu case in city, IDSP still sans consultant", "text": "BHOPAL: Swine flu is back. However, five months since the first H1N1 case was detected in the city this year, the government is yet to appoint a consultant for integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP). IDSP is meant to detect early warning signals of impending medical outbreaks and health experts suggest that an ineffective response from IDSP in a timely manner could have tragic consequence.Delay in swine flu detection again came to the fore on Wednesday after a twenty-eight-year-old woman has tested positive for the swine flu in Bhopal . It took some six days for confirmation after sample was sent by private LBS hospital on August 16. According to Regional Medicine and Research Laboratory (RMRL) sources, the sample was only received on Wednesday morning.\"It is a delay on part of the health authorities and would be looked into,\" director health services Dr K K Thasssu told TOI. Instances of lapses are not uncommon. In March, a private hospital had alleged that the district epidemiologist did not entertain their request for the swine flu test. The sample was sent after the patient died. Earlier in April, a health department employee was caught travelling without ticket and fined. He was carrying two samples of suspected swine flu patients.Accepting that IDSP needed a full-time state consultant, Dr Thassu said epidemiologists were not willing to join on the current pay scale. \"We have written to the central government and a response is awaited,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608502", "title": "Heart fixed, 150kg Kazakh breathes easy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Being fat not only increases the risk of heart disease, but also makes it difficult to treat. Timur Bisetou, a Kazakhstan national weighing about 150 kg, realized this back home.The 37-year-old painter was diagnosed with leakage in one of the heart valves five years back but could not find a surgeon in his country who was willing to operate on him. Most refused, citing complications like chances of heavy bleeding, excessive fat deposition and risk of post-operative infections.When his condition worsened, Bisetou came to India. Doctors at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute finally agreed to operate on him. He underwent a valve replacement procedure on Saturday and is recuperating well, said the doctors.According to Dr Y K Mishra, director, cardiac surgery, at the hospital, even surgical preparation for the patient was a big challenge. \"He is so bulky that he could not be adjusted on one operating table. First we tried joining two operating tables. When it did not work, the operation was carried out by putting the middle portion of the body on one operating table and providing extra support to hold up the arms. I was standing on a stool to properly see the incision and perform the procedure,\" said Mishra.Due to heavy deposition of fat around the chest wall, said the doctor, visualizing the target area was difficult. \"We had to make an incision of about 10 inches, which is huge, and even then it was difficult to carry out the procedure with the bulge of fat inside the abdomen obliterating the view and position,\" said another doctor. Like his size, Bisteou's valve was also larger (39mm). \"We mostly use mechanical valve of the size 22-24mm in our patients but in this case a 29 mm valve was used,\" Mishra said.The successful surgery has given Bisetou new hope. \"I thought I will die soon. I could not breathe properly. I had difficulty walking. Life was so sick. Now, I feel better,\" he said. The operating doctors claim that once the patient recovers fully, he can also undergo a bariatric surgery.In India, experts say, more than 15 million people are obese, 60 per cent of them women. Many of these people suffer from associated risk factors like diabetes, heart disease and sleep apnea. \"We get many patients in Delhi who weigh around 110-120 kg. Conducting any surgical procedure on them is indeed a challenge. To avoid this, people must adopt an active lifestyle and avoid junk food,\" said a senior cardiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610582", "title": "Jaiswal blames non-Cong states for blocking coal block auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Wednesday said the government could not auction coal blocks because of strong opposition from five coal-rich states that were ruled by non-Congress parties and the PM could not be held responsible in any manner on this issue.\"Five states -- Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha and West Bengal -- had strongly opposed the idea of introduction of coal block allocation through the bidding route,\" he said.The minister's statement came even as Parliament remained stalled for the second day on Wednesday over the CAG's report on distribution of coal blocks. The report, first reported by TOI on May 22, said the Centre gave away windfall gains of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private firms by giving away 57 open cast coal mines without bidding between 2005 and 2009, even after it had decided to stop such allocations from June 28, 2004.CAG arrived at the estimate based on the average cost of production and average sale price of open cast mines of Coal India Ltd in 2010-11.The report also noted that the government did not heed the law ministry's advice that auction route could be introduced through administrative order. The timelines of file movement in the CAG report indicates that the government first opted for changing the Coal Mines Nationalization Act.Once the amendment was ready for the Cabinet, however, it decided to change mining laws on the ground it would bring all mineral extraction under bidding process at one go. While the changes were being drawn up, the blocks were allotted through the screening committee route citing rising demand for coal.But Jaiswal said the states blocked the auction route as they apprehended this would impact industrial activity as coal would become costlier. He also criticized the opposition for creating ruckus in Parliament and said that given a chance, he would bring forth the real picture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610114", "title": "190 ticketless travellers caught", "text": "LUCKNOW: The officials of Lucknow division of Northern Railway conducted a massive drive against ticketless travellers in all the trains passing through the division. Jagdip Rai, Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) Lucknow and Ashwini Srivastava, Sr Divisional Commercial Manager (DCM), Lucknow were present in the drive. During the checking, 190 ticketless travellers were caught in 13 trains. Railways recovered Rs 78,000 as fine from the defaulters. The drive was also conducted in Varanasi division. As many as 175 ticketless passengers were caught by railway officials in Varanasi and a fine of Rs 71,145 recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15613859", "title": "Coalgate rocks Parliament for 3rd day; Lok Sabha, Rajya Sabha adjourned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under opposition fire for two days, government on Thursday launched a counter-offensive on seeking to put BJP and the Left in the dock in Parliament over their suggestions in 2005 against auction of coal blocks.BJP members, who have been demanding resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over CAG's findings on extending undue benefits to the tune of Rs 1.86 lakh crore on coal block allocations, rushed to the well in both Houses renewing their demand.Countering the opposition offensive, Congress members in the Lok Sabha were seen in the aisles waving copies of newspapers and raising slogans against the BJP. They displayed newspaper reports which said the BJP, in 2005, had told the Centre that auction of coal blocks will hit the industry.The House plunged into turmoil as members of opposition and treasury benches clashed, with Congress members insisting that it was the BJP which had opposed auction of coal blocks and was blaming the Centre for it.Interestingly, members of JD(U), a key constituent of the BJP-led NDA, did not join the BJP members in the well.While the BJP has been on the offensive in demanding Singh's resignation, the JD(U) has been pressing for a debate.Speaker Meira Kumar had called for the Question Hour, but had to adjourn the House till noon amid the din. The Rajya Sabha witnessed ruckus the moment Chairman Hamid Ansari took up the first listed business.As BJP-led NDA members shouted slogans demanding resignation of the Prime Minister, treasury benches countered them by shouting slogans hailing Singh.\"Pradhan Mantri Istifa do (Prime Minister should resign),\" shouted the opposition members. In reply, the Congress members shouted \"Pradhan Mantri zindabad\" and \"UPA sarkar zindabad\".Amidst the slanging match, Ansari called the first listed question and asked members to take their seat.\"No slogan shouting please,\" he said. \"Please sit down\". While Congress members briefly heeded to his pleas, they rose again as opposition was unrelenting in slogan shouting.Ansari then adjourned the House till noon and called leaders of various political parties to his chamber for a discussion.\"I would request leaders of all political parties and groups to come to my chamber,\" he said.Both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were adjourned again when they met at 12:00pm.Hamid Ansari, who called the meeting in his chamber after the ruckus in Rajya Sabha for the third day over CAG report on coal block allocation, heard views of the political leaders.Among those who attended the meeting were Ravishankar Prasad (BJP), Derek O'brien (TMC), Sanjay Raut (Shiv Sena) and D Raja (CPI).A leader said that the meeting remained inconclusive and Ansari was scheduled to hold another round of consultations with party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613526", "title": "Roof-rop razzmatazz", "text": "Afterglow was special because it marked a year of completion of Char So Bees. Craziness ruled the carnival as youngsters unleashed the punk in them. A colourful tunnel led the 1100-strong revelers to a rooftop.Hair braiding, tarot reading and a flea market, where you can buy everything from junk jewellery to art work and confectionery, left the youngsters wanting for more. Performances by dance crew Fullstop and bands such as If's and But's, Paperfly, The Blitz, Reggae Mun and Different Band kept everyone engaged. A flash dance by students of AIESEC on a medley brought the crowd on their feet. \"Entertainment is an art and Calcutta is full of maestros. 420 proves just that and that's what drives me to do it,\" said organizer Devika Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15608535", "title": "Beautician 'thrown' off balcony in Noida Sec 50", "text": "NOIDA: A beautician died under mysterious circumstances after falling off the eighth floor of Kailash Dham society in Sector 50 in Noida on Tuesday night. Police said the deceased, Shweta Saini (35), was in a live-in relationship with Mukesh Saini (35) and stayed in the apartment with her daughter.Shweta's 10-year-old daughter told cops that at 10pm she saw her mother standing in the balcony. Soon a man came and beat her mother, banging her head on the wall, and then lifted her legs and threw her off the balcony. Police have registered a case under Section 306 (abetment to suicide), but they will produce the accused before the court and convert it into a murder case if the deceased's daughter gives a statement.\"The deceased's family was initially reluctant about filing a complaint on the day of the incident. However, later her brother lodged a case,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar . \"Cops arrested Mukesh around 10.30am on Wednesday. When the accused is produced before the magistrate, we will convince the child to record a statement under Section 164 of the CrPC,\" Kumar added.Shweta had divorced her husband and started living with Mukesh, who she studied with in a government school in Sadarpur village in Noida. After the divorce, she moved in with Mukesh along with her daughter, who is a class VI student at Modern School in Sector 12.Shweta's family alleges she was murdered because of property. \"Shweta used to work for many rich clients. She earned well and saved money to buy a plot in Greater Noida where she was building a house. This is the reason she was killed,\" said her brother, Jai Bhagwan Saini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609528", "title": "Recruitments were illegal: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said that most recruitments before the assembly elections were irregular.Referring to the offer letters given to about 220 mines field supervisors, Parrikar said that the 220 offer letters were issued under one single entry. He claimed that computer records show that the letters were actually issued on December 26, after the election code of conduct came into force and were backdated. \"So offer of appointment itself is under suspicion,\" Parrikar said.He also said that his government is not taking mining field supervisors. \"We are directly employing inspectors and assistant inspectors who will have qualifications like mining engineer or MSc in geology or something like that. The recruitment rules are to be finalized. The boys (field supervisors) are qualified upto XII. What records will XII-pass boys keep in the mines? In passing the posts, no proper assessment has been done, nor financial provisions made,\" Parrikar said.Asked who is to blame for their plight, Parrikar said \"let someone file a criminal complaint and he will have it investigated\". He said that right now he is only doing preliminary enquiries because he does not want those youth to be entangled in criminal cases. \"They will not get opportunities in future. Why should I unnecessarily spoil their chances? But we will sort out the issue by September 30. Let me also tell you that those whose recruitment procedures are regular and whose recruitments were done by December 15, have been taken. This is not being spoken about. Those offers of appointment that were given after December 20, 2011, these are mostly irregularly given,\" he insisted.Parrikar also said that the government need not honour the offers of the appointment, most of which were given on eve of elections. \"I can give proof ,\" Parrikar said, adding that in most cases, pre-dating of letters has been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15608579", "title": "Woman falls from boyfriend's apartment, dies", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 25-year-old woman reportedly fell from her boyfriend's seventh floor flat in Greater Noida on Tuesday night. She later died during treatment at a hospital. The deceased, Archana Shukla, worked as an executive with Radisson Blu hotel and had gone to meet her boyfriend, Prashant Verma, in AWHO apartments.Family members have ruled out foul play in Archana's death and have refused to file a complaint against Prashant saying that she simply slipped and fell, police said. Archana had reportedly informed her brother, both of whom stay in Sector P-3, at 7.10pm that she was going to meet Prashant.Deputy SP Alok Priyadarshi said, \"Archana's brother received a call from Prashant and she had slipped from the balcony of his flat and fallen off the seventh floor. Vivek then informed his family members. Prashant took Archana to Yatharth hospital where she was declared dead.\"Prashant lives with his mother Madhu Verma in flat 704 in AWHO society in Greater Noida. \"Prashant is a HR manager in Denso company. Archana was a native of Pratapgarh and after completing her graduation from a college in Greater Noida went to Kanpur to do an MBA course. After completing studies she had joined Expo Mart. Few months ago she had joined Radisson Blu in Noida where she met Prashant,\" Priyadarshi said.Police, however, are investigating the case even though they do not have a formal complaint. \"The family told us that it was an accident and they do not want any action. But as a matter of precaution, we are investigating it for all possibilities. We have summoned Prashant Verma for interrogation and if evidence is found to suggest it was anything but an accident, we will take action,\" said Gautam Budh Nagar SSP, Praveen Kumar.\"We have not recovered any suicide note, but foul play cannot be ruled out. We have sent the deceased's body for post mortem and further investigation is on,\" Priyadarshi said, adding that after the incident Prashant and his mother are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610971", "title": "Student union aspirants openly flout norms", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a blatant violation of the Lyngdoh committee recommendations, the contestants for the Allahabad University student union have painted the campus with election graffiti and put banners, hoardings and posters everywhere.The display of hoardings, banners and posters in and around the campus violets the norms laid down in the recommendations of the Lyngdoh committee and of the newly approved constitution of AU student union elections.But these guidelines are being openly flouted even though the chief proctor had a fortnight back told the contestants to remove them with a warning that if they failed to do so their candidature would be cancelled.The warning, however, has failed to deter the candidates who have painted the entire campus with sloganeering and publicity material. The number of hoardings at the Union Hall building on the campus is swelling every day. The voting for student union is scheduled for September 29.Despite open flouting of norms, the Allahabad University has not initiated any action against the contestants. The university had repeatedly claimed that elections would be held as per the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee report which has been followed in letter and sprit in the newly formed regulations for conducting student's elections at the campus.According to new regulations formulated by the AU, once the notification for student union election is issued campaigning through posters, banners and hoardings could lead to cancellation of the candidature of aspirants.One of the provisions mentions that no candidate would be permitted to make use of printed posters, pamphlets or any other printed material for the purpose of canvassing. Candidates may only utilise hand-made posters for the purpose of canvassing, provided that such posters are procured within the expenditure limit set out. Following this provision, the posters, hoardings and banners installed by these aspirants, comes under the ambit of disqualifying them. As such a candidate can only utilise handmade posters at certain places in the campus, which shall be notified in advance by the election commission/university authority.\"Yes this is not acceptable and could land the aspirants in trouble,\" said AU returning officer Prof BN Singh. We will not tolerate this and can initiate video recording of the surroundings, he added.But though the officials associated with conducting the elections are aware of the norms, no one has initiated action against the aspirants who are campaigning through hoardings, banners and posters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15611039", "title": "Chaos during Cong housing scheme form distribution", "text": "VADODARA: The drive by the Congress party to distribute forms for the 'Ghar nu ghar' scheme proposed by the party led to chaos in Godhra. Forms were snatched from party workers at two such programmes held at the Polan Bazaar and Gondra localities in the town.The Congress had organised two programmes in Godhra to distribute the forms on Tuesday. The first one was scheduled in Polan Bazaar at 10 am while the second was held late in the afternoon at Gondra.At Polan Bazaar absolute chaos prepared as soon as Godhra Congress MLA C K Raulji finished his speech. The counter where the forms were kept was mobbed by those who were present at the hall where the programme was held. The people snatched away the forms and the programme had to be wound up in a hurry.At Gondra, a long queue was witnessed at the Maitri Circle where the programme was held. Here to the queue lasted only for a while with the counter being mobbed by aspirants as soon as the distribution began.Godhra city unit Congress president Feroze Sindhi said that the rush was unexpected. \"The problem at Polan Bazaar was acute, but the situation at Gondra was not that bad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15611239", "title": "Dip in power generation forces cuts", "text": "PUNE: A two-hour power cut was enforced in Pune on Wednesday when thermal power generation of the Maharashtra state power generation company ltd dipped from an average 3,200 MW to 2,100 MW in the morning as three generation sets at the Khaparkheda power plant broke down.However, industries were spared load shedding and power cut may not be required on Thursday.The MSEDCL was left grappling with a cumulative power shortfall of 3,500 MW and had to enforce cuts in the state including A+ category cities like Pune.\"Urban areas suffered power cuts lasting three to seven hours while rural areas had no power for 10 to 12 hours, depending on their category. Since the power shortage hit us suddenly we could not give prior intimation about the load shedding. However, the situation is improving and the company has already contracted additional 900 MW power for Thursday from the Indian Energy Exchange\", said an official of the distribution company.Generation from Dabhol and Uran gas-based power plants has also reduced because of shortage of fuel. So hydro power generation from Koyna was stepped up to 1,500 MW to tide over the shortfall.Trouble started at 9 am when three generation sets \u2014 each having a capacity of 210 MW \u2014 at the Khaparkheda power station broke down. \"The 500 MW capacity set at the plant was already shut because of coal shortage. We have also shut about five to six sets at the Chandrapur power plant for planned annual overhaul and maintenance which is usually done during the monsoon as demand for power is less compared to other seasons\", said an official of the generation company. One set at Chandrapur has also broken down because of wet coal.The official said that coal was procured for the 500 MW set at Khaparkheda but it will take some time before it starts generating power. \"We succeeded in restoring two sets at the plant and by evening, the thermal generation increased to 2,600 MW. We expect things to normalize by late night,\" the official said.Sources in the distribution company said that the situation became worse because the state could not overdraw power than its allotted share through the western grid because of the strict grid discipline norms being followed in the backdrop of the collapse of northern and eastern grids last month. \"The grid collapse had affected power supply in 20 states and we have been told not to overdraw power from the grid even if the power frequency was healthy and above 50 hertz,\" sources said.Shantanu Dixit, member of the Prayas energy group, said such emergencies crop up when the generation capacity is on the lower side and barely meets the demand. \"When load shedding becomes imperative, care must be taken to ensure equitable load shedding as per the protocol fixed by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission. We also have to improve coal handling and management at thermal power stations to prevent breakdowns because of wet coal and under-utilization of capacity due to coal shortage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15611287", "title": "Bhadbhut fair turns political propaganda site", "text": "BHARUCH: The famous Bhadbhut fair in the Bharuch district has become the site for political campaigning for both the BJP and the Congress. The BJP district unit has set up a small information office near the temple to help visitors. For its part, the Congress has established two shelters to provide round-the-clock medical facilities.Iqbal Patel, the Congress MLA from Vagra, said: \"A temporary dispensary was set up from day one of the fair.\" Patel said four doctors and six nurses were available day and night. \"On the first day itself, a railing put up to control the flow of pilgrims was broken and around six persons were injured,\" he said. \"The medical team provided first aid. Around 500 pilgrims have benefitted from the dispensary in six days.\"Parimal Rana, responsible for the dispensary, said: \"No dedicated ambulance has been provided to the fair by the administration. We have deployed one.\" Rana said potable water was a big problem at the fair and his party was distributing water pouches daily.As for the BJP, Dushyant Patel, the MLA from Bharuch and a BJP leader, said: \"Our party has set up an information centre at the fair to extend support to pilgrims.\" He said that the centre played a role in coordinating between the administration and pilgrims. \"Party workers are guiding pilgrims and monitoring various facilities set up by the district administration,\" he said. \"We are also distributing pamphlets that highlight BJP's achievements in the state.\"Jayendra Pandya, a pilgrim, told TOI: \"It's all election propaganda. Instead of doing all this, the parties have to stop politicians from visiting the temple through the VIP route.\" That will enable pilgrims coming from faraway places to save time, Pandya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15609586", "title": "Kanda saw Geetika on CCTV, hired her", "text": "NEW DELHI: Actor Nupur Mehta's name got drawn into the Geetika Sharma suicide probe after police found Geetika had accused her of theft, in Goa, three years ago. Geetika was allegedly under pressure from her former employer Gopal Goyal Kanda to withdraw the complaint against Nupur and her co-accused Ankita, who is named in the suicide note. With Delhi Police now planning to question Nupur, TOI spoke to her about Geetika and the complaint she filed on the night of September 20, 2009.\"It was a day before my birthday,\" says Nupur, \"Ankita wanted to know if Geetika had travelled abroad on a particular date. Although Geetika told her she hadn't, Ankita wanted to see her passport. She asked me to accompany her to Geetika's hotel in the Dona Paula area of Goa\".According to Nupur, Ankita \"took away Geetika's laptop bag from her room, opened it, checked the passport for travel dates, satisfied herself that Geetika had travelled abroad on the date she had asked about, and then told me she would return the bag around 10am. But Geetika went to the Panjim police station at 4.30am and lodged an FIR. We received a call from police and were shocked.\"Nupur says she wanted the case to get over, \"as even I had to travel for hearings to Goa. I had even apologized to Geetika. Later, the counsel told us she wanted a formal apology and we gave it to her in writing\". She confirms Kanda had asked Geetika to withdraw the case but says she is not aware of his pressuring her for it. \"I don't know if Mr Goyal harassed her, never in front of me.\"While details about the case tumble out every day, Ankita remains a mystery. Nupur says she was not an MDLR employee but held an important position in Kanda's Goa casino operations. \"Ankita was a professional dancer and she met Mr Goyal at one of his functions in 2005. Later, she claimed she was his wife and her daughter was his child. She told this to Goa Police also\". Regarding the tension between Ankita and Geetika, she says, \"Ankita had some personal disputes with Geetika that I am not aware of\". Where did she last meet Ankita? \"In Goa, when I was there for the hearing of our case.\"Nupur claims she mentored Geetika in Kanda's MDLR Airlines. \"I was senior vice-president at MDLR when Geetika came to apply for cabin crew. She was 17 and still studying in class XII. I interviewed her and found her suitable for the job. However, as she was underage, I told her to come back after six months. Mr Goyal was watching the interview on CCTV \u2014 he generally watched the interviews \u2014 and called me to say we should keep her. So Geetika hung around as a trainee and was later appointed as cabin crew. I gave her grooming lessons, taught her makeup and the necessary crew etiquette.\" She claims Geetika also served as executive assistant to Kanda in 2009.What does she remember of Geetika as a person? \"She was a nice person, not evil. But she changed a lot in the three years to her posting in Goa. She was a very warm and sweet person when she joined MDLR, but later on her ego surfaced. Instead of ma'am, she started calling me Miss Mehta. I never took it to heart , though.\"Was she surprised when Geetika committed suicide? \"She was very strong headed, so I was shocked to hear about her suicide.\"Nupur does not have a high opinion of Kanda's business empire. \"I joined in 2006 but soon wanted to get out as I found the environment very unprofessional. I was shocked when they asked me to interview pilots and engineers. I am not the right person, you know..\"But her harshest words are reserved for MDLR's HR manager Aruna Chaddha. \"She is an evil person and was closest to Mr Goyal in the company. Even she had fights with him, but she was a big figure in the company. She would spend hours with teenaged air hostesses...god knows what she used to teach them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608213", "title": "State min's son director of co that gave money for Adarsh flat purchase", "text": "NAGPUR: In a clinching evidence of state minister Anil Deshmukh's link to the Adarsh scam, investigations by TOI reveals that his younger son, Hrishikesh, and two others are now running Rabia Properties Private Limited, a company that had participated in a very complicated nexus to fund the Adarsh flat allotted to former MLA Mukund Mankar.The food and civil supplies minister is an NCP MLA from Katol, 60 kms from Nagpur, where the paralysis-stricken 70-year-old Mankar resides in an obscure village called Digras Buzurg.On August 9, TOI had reported how some companies that had loaned money for the purchase of the flat had their addresses registered at the corporate office of the Katol-based Nagpur Institute of Technology (NIT), an education empire of which the minister is the chairman and elder son Salil the secretary. A couple of Salil's employees too are directors of firms that had routed money to Mankar.Mankar was lent Rs 75.14 lakh by a company called Landscapers Realtors Private Limited (LRPL) which had well-known city builder Gopal Kondawar and his brother Sanjay as directors. It had taken loans from several companies and individuals for funding Mankar. As was reported on August 9, all the lenders to LRPL have some link to Anil Deshmukh.Rabia Properties had lent Rs 9 lakh to LRPL. The company was incorporated in May 2008 with Amit Gaidhane and Vinod Sahare as directors and a meagre share capital of Rs 1 lakh. While Gaidhane is the secretary of Anil Deshmukh's elder son Salil, Sahare is an NIT employee. Rabia's registered office was at Gaidhane's residence in Kumbhartoli in Sitabuldi, which is just an extended slum area.Mankar was allotted the Adarsh flat in mid-2009 after which Rabia provided a loan to LRPL. Hrishikesh, Sagar Bhatewara (a resident of Bhagwagar Layout, Dharampeth) and Snehal Patel (a resident of Ahmedabad) joined the company as directors in August 2010. Gaidhane and Sahare exited from the company in October 2010. When Hrishikesh and the other two took over the company, its only virtual asset was the loan given to LRPL.LRPL apparently started paying back the Rs 9 lakh loan to Rabia sometime in 2010 and still owes some amount. Meanwhile, the three changed the name of the company to Rabia Logistics Pvt Ltd on March 12 this year and are now into logistics business. The office moved to a more classy building Rachna Galaxy in Shivaji Nagar. A capital of Rs 23 lakh was infused into the company three days later. On April 8, it secured a loan of Rs 9.75 crore from Bank of Maharashtra's main branch in Sitabuldi.TOI's attempts to speak to Hrishikesh were met with staccato \"inquiry is on\" replies. One of the directors, on condition of anonymity, said that Rabia Properties was taken over as the trio wanted to bid for a contract for which only existing companies could participate.Strangely, the director seemed very much in the know of the loan to Kondawar's LRPL even though he was not a part of the company at that time. \"He is our close friend,\" he said. On the association with the Deshmukhs, the director said: \"Everybody knows the minister and Hrishikesh.\" He refused to comment further saying that the directors had already deposed before the inquiry commission.However, there are some discrepancies in director's version. He claims that they took over Rabia to participate in a tender process but it took them nearly 1 \u00bd years (October 2010 to March 2012) to change the name from Rabia Properties to Rabia Logistics.Mankar's creditors and their link to Anil DeshmukhLandscape Realtors Pvt Ltd (LRPL): Incorporated by builders Gopal and Sanjay Kondawar. Sold to Mehul Ajmera and Samit Isaacs who registered NIT's office in Ramdaspeth as the company's address. Salil says both are known to him \"socially\"Rabia Properties Pvt Ltd: Incorporated in March 2008 with Salil's secretary Amit Gaidhane and his employee Vinod Sahare as directors. Registered address was Gaidhane's residence. Hrishikesh, Sagar Bhatewara and Snehal Patel joined as directors it in August 2010. Gaidhane and Sahare exited in October 2010. Name changed to Rabia Logistics Pvt Ltd in March 2012 and the company now operates from Rachna Galaxy in Shivaji NagarFlourish Properties Pvt Ltd: Headed by Gaidhane and Sahare but registered in SataraAziz-ur Rehman Zuhair Qadri: A builder who claims is a close friend of Anil DeshmukhGreen Edifice Infraventures Pvt Ltd: Owned by Qadri. The company operates from NIT's officeGreenland Buildspace Pvt Ltd: Owned by Ajmera and IsaacsMeadows Realtors Pvt Ltd: Owned by Ajmera and IsaacsVinod Kumar Hassani: Chartered accountant of LRPL, whose office is near Bharat Talkies, Kamptee RoadHBBC Assurances: Owned by Vinod KumarSapna Hassani: Wife of Vinod KumarRajkumar Shambhuwani: Client of Vinod Kumar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609568", "title": "Police advisory on Cyberabad traffic", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police have appealed to road-users to cooperate with them in view of possible slow movement of vehicles on important roads in Madhapur due to ongoing road-widening works in connection with COP 11 meet. In an official release issued here on Wednesday, Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao intimated the public that the ongoing road-widening work on Raidurgam-Lingampally, Gachibowli-Miyapur, National Council for Cement and Building Materials ( NCB)-Cyber Towers, Madhapur-Kothaguda and Cyber Towers to Hi-Tec City railway station and the work pertaining to road dividers might cause inconvenience till August-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609723", "title": "Happy century, Ganjam Venkatasubbiah", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a unique celebration for Ganjam Venkatasubbiah aka GV, the genius lexicographer who turns 100 today. He joins legends like Sir M Visvesvaraya, Nittor Srinivasarao and AN Moorthy Rao who also lived for more than one hundred years.Clad in a white panche, a shirt and a sweater, GV sits in his reading room surrounded by thousands of books on literature, science, religion, and, of course, dictionaries. He spoke about his life and works in a brief chat on Wednesday.\"It's a rare thing to be a hundred years old,'' said GV recalling that his mother Subbamma lived for 107 years and an uncle, K.Lakshminarayana Rao, lived for 103 years. \"Perhaps, it's in my genes. These days, with nutritious food and medicines, people live for 80 to 90 years. I'm happy to be 100; it's a special occasion.\"To this day, GV follows his daily routine strictly. He wakes up at 4.30am, prepares coffee, goes for a walk in a park near his house for an hour, has breakfast and settled down in his reading room from 9.30am to 2pm. There are strict instructions that nobody disturbs him. He meets visitors between 6pm and 7pm and retires to bed around 9pm after a cup of warm milk.Despite his busy schedule, the legendary lexicographer, who brought out 'Kannada-Kannada Bruhat Nighantu' comprising 9,000 pages in 8 volumes, takes pleasure in speaking about Kannada writers, language and literature. \"It's a pity that in a city like Bangalore, we rarely find people speaking Kannada in its original form. Bangaloreans mix Kannada and other languages to communicate with each other. It's neither grammatical nor cultural -- it has become a fashion. It's why we say Kannada is languishing in Bangalore. But it's not so in rural areas -- they speak Kannada in its pristine form.''However, GV advocates learning more languages including English. \"I'm one of those few people who feels that Kannadigas must learn as many languages as possible. It's necessary that English must be learnt but not at the cost of Kannada.''He has his own ideas of promoting the local language. \"Kannadigas must use only Kannada at home. Children must be encouraged to speak and write Kannada. They must also be allowed to learn English as efficiently as they learn Kannada. English and Kannada must be used as and when the situation arises.''Nevertheless, he has reservations about changing names of places. \"Changing the name of Bangalore to Bengaluru is strange. When we already use Bangalore, what's the necessity to change the name to Bengaluru? Let's stick to Bangalore itself.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15608692", "title": "Student attempts suicide during stir in Gadag", "text": "HUBLI: In order to draw the attention of the government towards their demands, mainly continuation of the carry over system in diploma, one of the students who participated in an agitation tried to commit suicide by consuming poison in Gadag on Wednesday.The agitation was organized by the Srirama Sene unit in protest against inordinate delay of the government in implementing the carry over system in diploma course.Students were protesting in front of MLA office. All of a sudden, one of the students reportedly tried to commit suicide by consuming poison and collapsed.He was immediately shifted to the district hospital and was said to be out of danger. Speaking to TOI, Ravikumar Nayak, Gadag SP, said, the student who tried to commit suicide, has been identified as Shivaranjan Sajjan, a 4th semester diploma student of Hulkoti Polytechnic College.He also said that some of his seniors had instigated him to consume poison to get publicity for their agitation. However, his condition is stable and he is said to be out of danger.\"He consumed turmeric powder mixed with a cold drink and he had not consumed poison,\" Nayak said. It was revealed by the student himself when we questioned him at hospital, he added.A case has been registered at the Gadag town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610437", "title": "'Many talukas facing severe water scarcity'", "text": "PUNE: About 44 talukas in western Maharashtra have been included in the list of drought-hit areas in the state. The government on Wednesday announced a list of 123 talukas that have recorded less than 50% rainfall during the season or less than 50% of the normal sowing activity.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, state revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat said, \"Besides the drought, many talukas are facing severe water scarcity and the government has initiated measures to control the situation. The announcement of 123 talukas as being drought-hit is based on the information received from revenue officials. The announcement will help secure more funds from the Union government to overcome the challenge.\"Western Maharashtra comprises Pune, Ahmednagar, Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur districts where 44 talukas are facing severe water shortage. \"The priority of the government will be to complete schemes of supplying drinking water at the earliest. Another sector that the state will focus on is fodder development,\" Thorat said.The minister added, \"We are planning to ensure uninterrupted supply of water for drinking purposes from dams in the state till July 31 next year. Earlier, such a planning used to be done for the period till July 15, but it has been extended by 15 days because of the scarcity in the state.\"Meanwhile, 1,021 tankers are supplying drinking water in areas in the Pune division to meet daily requirements. Besides, the division has 19 cattle camps where 27,758 animals have been kept as of now.The administration has incurred expenses of Rs 189 crore for supply of fodder in the division. Around 7.64 lakh tonne of fodder has been distributed in the five districts of the division, said an officer from the Pune divisional commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15611200", "title": "Punjab gets scattered rain, dam levels improve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rain eluded parts of Punjab while other areas were lashed by heavy showers on Wednesday. While weatherman has predicted rainfall in both Punjab and Haryana in the next 24 hours, heavy in some areas, water levels in Bhakra and Pong dams have improved, following heavy rainfall in Himachal Pradesh.While the states' capital Chandigarh experienced heavy rainfall, about 56 mm, Ludhiana saw mere traces. Amritsar, which saw little rain in the night, saw a downpour in daytime with 45 mm of rain recorded. Patiala saw moderate rain in the night with 18 mm of rain, but remained dry through the day.Meanwhile, the recovering monsoon in the hill state of Himachal Pradesh led to higher inflow of water in to both Pong and Bhakra dams. The level of water in Bhakra on Wednesday was 1,610 feet, up by over 10 feet in the past four days. Pong dam's water level was 1,348 feet, up by nearly 20 feet, as it received higher inflows during the past four days from Beas flowing from Himachal Pradesh, where it has been raining heavily.Officials in the Bhakra Beas Management Board said that though water levels in dams are rising on a daily basis, yet there is no let-up in the 10% cut in water share to partner states of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan. A meeting of BBMB with its partner states is scheduled for the month-end to take a call on the dam situation, they said.In June, Punjab's rainfall deficiency stood at 77% as the state had received just 9.5 mm rains, a met official said. The recent showers have put the farmers in an upbeat mood as reliance on generators for pumping out underground water for irrigation has dropped, sources said.The monsoon might not have eased farmers' woes completely, but it has brought a smile on many faces in the region as weather has turned pleasant with mercury dropping, they added. Mercury fell by seven degrees in Amritsar, four degrees in Ludhiana and three in Patiala, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610729", "title": "Woman, son help police nab chain-snatcher", "text": "PUNE: A woman and her son helped the police nab a chain-snatcher at Pimple Nilakh on Tuesday evening. The Sangvi police arrested the suspect Jafar Irani (19) of Kalyan in Thane district.His accomplice, however, managed to escape.On Tuesday around 5.30 pm, the complainant, Shalini Panchal, was taking a walk at Rakshak chowk at Pimple Nilakh, when two motorcycle-borne youths snatched her gold chain worth Rs 1.25 lakh and fled.Panchal immediately contacted her son Jitesh on his cellphone, who was travelling on the same route taken by the thieves.Assistant police inspector P D Bhujbal of the Sangvi police station said, \"Panchal gave him a description of the duo.\" Soon Jitesh noticed two men matching the description. He dashed his scooter against their motorcycle, causing the duo to fall. \"Jitesh charged them with snatching his mother's chain,\" Bhujbal said.Jitesh removed the ignition key of the motorcycle and the duo began to flee. In the meantime, Jitesh contacted his friends and asked them to come near Babasaheb Ambedkar bridge at Pimple Nilakh.\"One of the suspects jumped on the river bank, while another fled,\" he said. Jitesh and his friends chased the suspect, who had jumped on the river bank.When the suspect saw them, he jumped into the river and started swimming. \"In the meantime, the police reached the spot. We asked the suspect to surrender,\" Bhujbale said.Fearing that he would drown, the suspect surrendered. \"We are yet to trace the gold chain. We have launched a search operation to trace the other suspect,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610741", "title": "3 cops suspended for taking money from MLA's kin", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three constables posted at Naini central jail were suspended on Wednesday after they were caught on the camera accepting money from the kin of a Samajwadi Party MLA.The constables -- Vijay Sonkar, Ghulab Chand and Rajkumar -- were caught on camera accepting 'bakshish' from the daughter of SP MLA from Gyanpur, Vijay Mishra upon his release from Naini jail on Tuesday evening.Talking to TOI, jail superintendant Ambarish Gaur said the action follows in the wake of identification of the three constables in the video footage of a news channel. The matter is being investigated, he said.SP MLA Vijay Mishra was lodged at Naini jail for past one-and-a-half year in connection with the attack on former BSP minister Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi.Upon his release, Mishra was received by a large crowd of supporters, family members and friends. He later left for Gyanpur after his release from jail. He has been granted bail by the Allahabad high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15609622", "title": "Noida circle rates raised by 10-25%", "text": "NOIDA: Barely a month after it had hiked circle rates in Noida and the rest of the district by 10 to 20%, the administration on Wednesday announced another rate revision of 10- 25%.The Gautambudh Nagar administration said the second hike was necessary to bring circle rates on a par with prevailing land and property rates in the city, after the land rate hike of 7.5-15% announced by the Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities on July 25.Circle rate is the minimum rate at which a property can be bought or sold. These rates are fixed by the government to prevent buyers and sellers from paying less stamp duty by showing very low values of property deals.The district administration has granted approval to the revised rates. District magistrate MKS Sundaram said that the new rates will be applicable across the district from August 22 and all properties in the district will be registered at the new circle rate henceforth.The previous hike was announced on July 18, when rates were revised by 10 to 20%.Following the latest revision, the stamp duty and registration cost for residential plots in 'category A' sectors will be around Rs 70,000 per square metre. After the July 18 hike, the registry and stamp duty charges for these plots was Rs 66,500 per sqm.Circle rates for residential plots have been raised by 10 to 25% and those for group housing plots by 12 to 70%. The rate for institutional and commercial properties has been revised by around 10%. For the industrial sector, it is up by 12.5%.\"It was essential to revise circle rates in the district as property prices have increased considerably following the hike announced by the three authorities in their board meeting on July 25 this year. The new rates have been arrived at on the basis of the current allotment rates of property and land in Noida and Greater Noida. The hike seeks to bridge the gap between current real estate prices and circle rates in the district,\" DM Sundaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15609155", "title": "Released on bail, Rajesh takes part in blockade", "text": "KANNUR: DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh MLA, who was released on bail on Tuesday after spending nine days in the central prison here, said in Kerala it was not the rule of law that was prevalent but the rule by the Indian Union Muslim League.\"Though I was not an accused in the Shukkoor murder case, I was called to the police station for being questioned. But P K Basheer MLA, who is an accused in a double murder case, was called to the guest house for being questioned, and still moves around freely. This shows that the law does not take its own course here, but the direction shown by the IUML,\" he said.Rajesh was addressing a dharna organized by the CPM in front of the collectorate here against hike in prices of essential commodities.He also said that Shukkoor murder was the result of police inefficiency. They failed to reach the spot of crime in time despite getting information. In fact, they should be charge-sheeted in this case, he said.Rajesh, who was released around 1.40 pm, came directly to the venue of the dharna accompanied by party leaders including M V Jayarajan, A M Shamseer and K P Sahadevan among others. There was a large crowd near the prison to receive him.Earlier, CPM politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan inaugurated the dharna. Kodiyeri warned that if the police continued to arrest party workers and harass them, party activists would blockade police stations in the state.Collectorate paralyzedCPM activists reached the collectorate here by 6am and blocked all entry gates, and by 9.30am the entire area was filled with the party workers, including women. This affected the functioning of the collectorate as no employee could enter his/her office.This is the third consecutive day that the collectorate is not functioning. It remained closed on Sunday, and Monday was Eid holiday. And on Tuesday there was only skeletal staff following the strike by employees against the contributory pension scheme proposed by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614853", "title": "After Agneepath, Rishi Kapoor to play villain in 'Aurangzeb'", "text": "Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, who won accolades for playing a villain in Karan Johar's remake of 'Agneepath', will be seen in a similar avatar for Yash Raj Films' 'Aurangzeb'.In 'Agneepath', Rishi played the role of Rauf Lala, being dressed up in a kurta-pyjama, alongwith a karakul cap and kajal in eyes.\"Yes Rishi Kapoor will be playing the role of a villain in 'Auragzeb' ,\" a Yash Raj Film spokesperson said.After the success of 'Ishaqzaade', actor Arjun Kapoor will also be seen in 'Aurangzeb'.Directed by Atul Sabharwal, the film will portray Arjun in a double role and will also pair up Jackie Shroff and Amrita Singh again after almost two decades.This film is rumoured to be a fresh take on the 1978 blockbuster film 'Trishul' and will release next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610218", "title": "Website leaks 309 URLs that govt blocked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The list of 309 URLs that the government wanted banned in the wake of lower Assam riots allegedly leaked on the internet on Wednesday. The list was dominated by Facebook and Youtube , Google's portal for sharing videos.Indian government allegedly found 102 URLs on Facebook and 85 URLs on YouTube, where communally sensitive content was posted. Both Facebook and Google said on Wednesday that they were working with Indian government to remove illegal content.According to a blogpost at the website of Centre for Internet and Society (CIS), the non-profit organization that leaked the list, almost \"all of the blocked items have content (images, videos, writings) that are related to communal issues and rioting\".CIS official Pranesh Paraksh noted that it was unclear if the government exercised its powers responsibly in the case. \"The blocking of many of the items on the list is legally questionable and morally indefensible, even while a large number of the item sought to be removed,\" he stated.According to the leaked list, the government also wanted to block 30 Twitter URLs, three Wikipedia URLs, 11Blogger URLs and eight Wordpress URLs. There were also some URLs belonging to a few websites that are sympathetic to Hindu and Muslim radical groups. Surprisingly, the list contained URLs belonging to several mainstream media websites, though it was not clear if it was due to user-generated content like comments or because of news reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609978", "title": "'Outstation patients' papers incomplete'", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Pravin Shingare heads the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) that gives the go-ahead for transplants between unrelated donors. Therefore, in accordance with the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, if an uncle wants to donate a kidney to his niece, he has to face the DMER-run state authorization committee. \"In about 60% of the cases that come to us, we complete the paperwork within a week,\" said Dr Shingare.The delay, if at all, he insists, pertains to files of people from outside states. \"Their paperwork is usually incomplete. We have sent a checklist of all the papers needed for unrelated organ transplant to hospitals. It is a procedure that has been in place for over nine years,\" he said.When TOI asked him about delays leading up to two or three months, he said the cases probably had incomplete paperwork. \"Or the committee must have suspected the donor's intentions,\" he said.The authorization committee faces the difficult task of determining whether the donor and recipient are genuine. \"We have to examine if people are being coerced or are giving out of their free will. A wife, too, may be forced to donate her kidney to her husband. It is up to us to establish that no laws are broken,'' he said.He remembers a time when a weeping woman walked into his office after being interviewed by the authorization committee. \"She said her husband had forced her to agree to donate her kidneys to a distant relative though she didn't want to,\" said Dr Shingare. The woman said her husband had been promised money by the relative. \"We obviously didn't give permission for the transplant,\" he added.To ensure that patients are saying the truth, he insists on interviewing the mothers or wives of the donors. \"We have realized that mothers and wives don't lie in such cases,\" he said.In case of police verification, the DMER always sends a letter to the police station concerned by its own initiative. \"Such steps help the patients as well,\" he said.Doctors who have a problem with the system should raise the topic at the Maharashtra Confederation For Organ Transplant meetings. \"The purpose of MCFOT is to discuss such procedural bottlenecks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609577", "title": "Doctors' strike cripples Gandhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The flash strike declared by the Gandhi Hospital doctors on Tuesday evening after the kin of a dead youngster attacked medicos alleging medical negligence continued on Wednesday crippling healthcare services. The outpatient department remained closed even as emergency services were badly hit. All the surgeries posted for Wednesday had to be postponed.The protesting doctors were called for talks with principal secretary, medical health and family welfare, Ratna Kishore on Wednesday evening. But as the talks were inconclusive the doctors have decided to strike on Thursday also.Confused poor patients who had come from various parts of the twin cities and neighbouring districts were seen wandering in the wards helplessly. A few of them were even asking the volunteers of a degree college manning the enquiry desk to prescribe medicines for fever and other ailments.While the hospital administration assured that senior doctors had taken over the work, the ground reality was contrary to the claim as all the government doctors were also supporting the medicos.There were hardly any admissions at the hospital as doctors were advising other government hospitals not to refer cases to Gandhi. \"We have informed area hospitals in Kondapur and King Koti to send cases to other hospitals due to lack of staff,\" said a senior doctor from gynaecology department. She added that 6-7 patients who were prepared for surgery on Wednesday were asked to wait till the strike is called off. K Raju, a resident of Shahpur who had brought his 9-month pregnant wife for a checkup had to return home. \"We were asked to come today but now they are saying there are no doctors,\" said Raju.All the departments including the intensive care units such as the acute medical care unit, intensive care unit, labour room, casualty and surgery emergency were badly impacted. \"Doctors did not visit the wards today due to the strike. We are managing,\" said a nurse in the orthopaedic department where six surgeries posted for the day had to be postponed. The doctors insisted that they should be provided a secure working environment at the hospital and sought deployment of Special Protection Force SPF.Meanwhile, medicos at Osmania General Hospital served a 72-hour strike notice to the hospital administration demanding proper guidelines for the one-year rural posting for PG doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610468", "title": "CBI pleas for scientific tests on suspects rejected", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Wednesday rejected the pleas filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to conduct scientific tests on Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the National Defence Academy (NDA) commandant and others in the alleged recruitment scam to recruit class IV employees at the NDA.The CBI had sought permission to conduct a narco analysis test, brain mapping test and polygraph test on Col Kulbir Singh and Col Anil Kumar Singh, presiding officer of the recruitment board.The CBI had also sought permission to conduct polygraph tests on NDA's establishment officer S S Waghmare, Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Maruti Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad.CBI special public prosecutors Vivek Saxena and Ayub Pathan asked the court to give them permission to conduct scientific tests as there are certain facts within the knowledge of the suspects who are in judicial custody at the Yerawada central jail.Opposing the prosecution, defence lawyers S K Jain, Sudhir Shah and Suchit Mundada said the CBI had interrogated their clients, but had not found incriminating evidence against them.The lawyers cited Article 20 (3) of the Constitution and submitted that the CBI plea was not maintainable as their clients could not be compelled to give such tests without their consent.The court upheld the defence lawyers arguments and rejected the CBI pleas to conduct scientific tests.The court had earlier rejected the regular bail pleas of the eight suspects, following strong objections from the CBI that there was more than prima facie evidence against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "farmingdale", "code": "15607923", "title": "Woods, McIlroy to square off at Barclays", "text": "FARMINGDALE: The Black Course at the Bethpage State Park here is set for some colourful golf at the Barclays, the first FedExCup Playoff event, which begins on Thursday. The sixth edition of the tournament is sure to provide high-voltage action as the best golfers in the world vie for the big prizes.Top of the pile will be the much hyped-up showdown between Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy , the new world No. 1. However, with a host of other top contenders gunning for glory, it's hardly going to be a two-horse race. Rather, it could be a photo-finish with several men lunging for the tape on Sunday. Woods and McIlroy, though, will be paired together for the first two rounds and that should set tongues wagging.One top name missing from the event is Jason Dufner , who is No. 2 in FedExCup points tally at the moment. Dufner withdrew from the tournament to recharge his batteries and come back strongly for the later events.Testing the big pros to the hilt will be the punishing and 'infamous' Black Course where breaking par makes top golfers feel good about themselves. The course has some pedigree, having hosted two Majors - the 2002 and 2009 US Open Championships.Exactly a decade back, Woods, the 2007 and 2009 FedExCup Champion, claimed the 2002 US Open at this very course when the halfway cut was applied at a bewilderingly high 10-over par 150. Woods, after suffering the worst form slump of his career post his encounter with a fire hydrant late in 2009, has come back strongly this year to lead the FedExCup Playoffs points standings. He is the only three-time winner on the PGA Tour in 2012 and will be trying to win his maiden Barclays title after having come close in 2009 when he finished tied second, one shot behind winner Heath Slocum. Woods has an impressive track record at the Black Course and will start as one of the favourites.McIlroy, who won his second Major just two weeks back, the PGA Championship , enters the Playoffs third on the table, 177 points behind Woods.The Northern Irishman has been hailed as the successor to Woods, the one most likely to dominate the game for the next decade or so. The gifted golfer has found his best form lately and will be a major threat if he is consistent.Veteran Phil Mickelson , Zach Johnson and 2012 Masters champion Bubba Watson will lead the home charge along with Woods. They will, though, be watching over their shoulders for Sergio Garcia who notched up a much-needed victory on Monday at Wyndham Championship.The Spaniard is one of the most successful players at Barclays with two career victories. The other golfer who will be leading the outside challenge is Ernie Els whose come-from-behind win at this year's British Open gave a new impetus to his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15613619", "title": "Bandh by Muslim outfit affects life in lower Assam districts", "text": "GUWAHATI: Normal life was affected in lower Assam districts today due to a day-long bandh called by a Muslim outfit to protest against the recent violence. Official sources said shops, schools, business establishment and financial institutions remained closed while there was less traffic on the national highway. Train movement, however, was not affected.The bandh has been called by new outfit Muslim Yuva Parishad.Meanwhile, chief minister Tarun Gogoi held a discussion with members of the civil society the recent violence in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon districts.Gogoi admitted that relief camps were overcrowded and there was need for decongestion and proper sanitation. He appealed to the people to ignore rumours which were spreading \"like wildfire\".Expressing concern over destruction of houses and property, civil society members urged the government to seize illegal arms.They also expressed concern at the exodus of North East people from other states and urged students and professionals not to pay heed to rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15609631", "title": "Another child goes missing from Noida sector 10", "text": "NOIDA: In a grim reminder of the series of children that regularly went missing in Nithari village, another boy has been reported missing from the same area in Sector 10 on June 30. The 12-year-old boy, Raja's parents said that he was last seen in the house. A report has been filed with the police, but the parents said that they suspect that their child's disappearance was done by someone known to them.\"Raja was at home on June 30, but that was when we last saw him. When we returned home from work, he wasn't there. We thought he had gone out to play, but he hasn't been home since,\" said Neetu, his mother.Neetu and her husband Dilip immediately filed a complaint with the police and also informed Childline, a Union government initiative for child rights in the district. \"We contacted Babita, Khushboo's mother, who had gone missing from the same area earlier, since she knew the horror that we were facing and she helped us through the formalities. We are very scared because of what happened to Khushboo. The police have assured us that they are doing everything they can to find our boy, but nothing has happened yet,\" said Neetu.According to Childline officials, the case of the missing boy is extremely serious since this is the second such disappearance from the same area. \"Such disappearances are often seen to take place in areas where people from lower middle class families live. In Noida such people are often migrants. They feel alienated in a foreign city where they have come to work and in the case of such serial disappearances, the question of child trafficking can't be ruled out,\" said Satya Prakash, of FXB Suraksha-Childline.The police said that a case has been registered with them and that they have spoken to the family of the missing child. \"We are currently investigating the matter and we have informed the police in nearby districts,\" said a police officer.A report has been filed with the police, but the parents said that they suspect that their child's disappearance was done by someone known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15613966", "title": "Jovial and charged medicos at freshers party", "text": "Whoever thought doctors are all about boring medicines and stiff diagnosis, needed to attend this party on Tuesday night. This bunch of medicos looked jovial and charged, as they danced the night away to take a break from their packed schedule.The soon to be docs from a medical college celebrated a welcome party for their freshers. A few were seen glugging exotic drinks while others beat it to the dance floor. \"The idea is to have fun besides being in a chilled out environ,\" said Munish Bajaj, \"Everything's so fresh here.\" The DJ kept belting out tracks and the party continued till late. Songs from the film 'Cocktail' ruled the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15609917", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to visit Barmer on Aug 30", "text": "JAISALMER: Congress president Sonia Gandhi will be in Barmer for a one-day visit on August 30. She will inaugurate the ambitious Bamer lift canal project during her visit.The district administration has already begun preparations to welcome Gandhi who will be accompanied by Union ministers and chief minister Ashok Gehlot .Barmer SP Rahul Barhat said the AICC president will inaugurate the project at Adarsh stadium at a grand function. Barhat said his department has not received a detailed programme on Gandhi's visit but added that she will reach Barmer in the morning and return on the same day.Chief engineer (special project) Ruparam said a sanction of Rs 681.66 crore was received on February 1, 2007 for the Barmer lift canal project and L&T;, Chennai, was given the work order through a tender on March 31, 2008.He said head work for the canal has been made at 1435 RD of Indira Gandhi Canal project at Mohangarh in Jaisalmer. Starting from this point, separate pipelines of 195km have been laid. The project will cater to the need of 691 villages of Barmer-Jaisalmer, Barmer city, BSF and Barmer's Uttarlai air force station air personnel. Also, 529 villages of Barmer and 162 villages of Jaisalmer will be benefitted.Ruparam said a reservoir has been constructed at 1435RD in Mohangarh which will have a capacity of 3,845 million litres and will have storage enough for 21 days' supply. Apart from this, water treatment plant and clean water reservoir have been made. The water would be carried to Barmer city through the 195km long pipeline with two pumping stations.An intermediate pipelinem 1,500 mm thick and 45.15km long is also laid from Mohangarh to Bhagu ka Gaon. Another pipleline from Bhagu ka Gaon to Kumbharon ki Dhani is 75.65km long and 14,00 mm thick. From Jaisalmer to Barmer city, the pipleline is 74.25km long and 900mm thick.Ruparam said in the first phase of the project, water has been supplied to 45 villages and Barmer city on an experimental basis. For the second phase, approval for an amount of Rs 202 crore has been received and pipelines for carrying water to 172 villages will be laid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609592", "title": "2-day bankers' strike paralyses district on Day 1, 14 banks set to remain closed", "text": "NASHIK: Around five thousands employees of 14 nationalised banks in the district went on a two-day strike on Wednesday to protest proposed reforms in the banking sector. The strike adverselft affected banking services in the district.Financial transactions of crores of rupees were adversely affected at around 250 branches of the 14 nationalised banks across the district due to strike. The strike has been called by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), an umbrella organisation of the nationalised banks. The employees are also protesting the unilateral implementation of the Khandelwal committee report on human resources management in public sector banks.Employees held several demonstrations outside branches on Wednesday.A senior bank official said cheques worth Rs 500 crore had been stalled due to the strike. \"The process of cheque clearancesis conducted by the State Bank of India (SBI). Typically cheques amounting to Rs 500 crore are cleared in the district on a daily basis. In addition to this, daily transactions at 56 SBI branches are estimated at around Rs 150 crore. The strike on Wednesday has affected transactions nearly worth Rs 300 cores,\" said a senior bank official.Nationalized banks, which participated in the strike, included the State Bank of India, Bank of Maharashtra, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Dena Bank, Central Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India and Indian Bank.SWBI employees staged demonstrations in front of their head office, near Old CBS and shouted slogans against the proposed reforms. An office-bearer of the Nashik District State Bank Employees' Association said that nationalised banks had reached grassroot levels and all government schemes were being implemented through nationalized banks, but the proposed reforms in the banking sector would badly affect the nationalized banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610081", "title": "Fake cops flee with Rs 3L gold from senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: After a brief lull, fake policemen are on the prowl again. Three men on Tuesday duped a senior citizen of 120 gm of gold ornaments worth Rs 2.99 lakh at Andheri (E). The police have gone through the CCTV footage of establishments in the vicinity but have no leads on the culprits yet.Gajabai Jadhav, 67, the complainant, is a resident of Chakala and is a homemaker. The incident occurred around 11am while she was walking near her housing society. \"Three unidentified men approached Jadhav and told her there was some commotion in the area. Two of them introduced themselves as cops. They instructed her to remove her jewellery and keep it safely in her bag. When she didn't want to take them off, the men forced her to do so. There were several passersby who witnessed the incident but nobody stopped or intervened,\" said senior inspector Pradeep Gosavi.\"There are a couple of restaurants and a builder's office near the spot where Jadhav was conned. All these establishments have CCTVs. We have gone through the footage and are looking for the accused,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15611337", "title": "Plant in India, Pak helps fight cancer", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered that extracts from a plant, found in arid regions of India and Pakistan can kill cancerous cells and produces no harmful side-effects associated with chemotherapy.Tea from the plant known asVirgin's Mantle is already drunk by women in rural Pakistan who have breast cancer, the Daily Mail reported.Researchers from Aston University, Birmingham, and Russells Hall Hospital, Dudley, found that it contains potent anti-cancer agents that act singly or in combination against the proliferation of cancer cells. Laboratory tests showed they arrested growth of cells within five hours of application and caused them to die within 24 hours. The plant, which has the botanical name Fagonia cretica, is found in arid, desert regions of Pakistan, India, Africa and parts of Europe.Professor Helen Griffiths and professor Amtul R Carmichael, who headed the study, found herbal tea made from the extract of the plant destroys cancer cells but unlike conventional chemotherapy, treatment does not damage normal breast cells.Reports from breast cancer sufferers in Pakistan suggested the plant extract does not trigger any serious side effects such as loss of hair or drop in blood count. The plant extract had a mechanism which could remedy defects in cell DNA that would normally resist tumour growth.An impaired DNA response not only allows the cancer to flourish, it also inhibits the way chemotherapy works. At present the herbal tea is being used to treat Asians but there might be different effects in Caucasian patients, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609565", "title": "Govt approves yet another IRB for Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet on Wednesday approved the decision to raise a third Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) in the state with 1,007 posts. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that though the central government had sanctioned the third IRB to Goa in 2008, the previous government did not raise it. Parrikar said his cabinet has approved raising the third IRB comprising 1,007 posts including 675 constables and 160 head constables.Parrikar said that some of the experienced police constables from IRB-I and IRB-II will be promoted to head constables and put in the new battalion because the government cannot take head constables directly to the third IRB.Parrikar also said that the previous government had made a written commitment to give land for the central industrial security force (CISF) in Pernem. Though the BJP government won't be giving the entire area of land that CISF has asked since the commitment money was also deposited the BJP government thought it was not proper to totally reject the request after taking the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15608212", "title": "Usha's coach also in coveted award list", "text": "LUCKNOW: JS Bhatia is a coach who doesn't have the habit of patting his own back. Better known as the man who scripted PT Usha's comeback to the track after her two-year hiatus after marriage, is on cloud nine these days.After a long wait the affable Sardar, who has honed the talents of the likes of Shiny Abraham, Bahadur Prasad, Jyotirmoyee Sikdar and Gulab Chand among others, has been nominated for the Dronacharya Award.And the person most happy is none other than Usha. \"She called me up in the morning, and was very exicited,\" said Bhatia with gleam in his eyes. He still rues that Usha came to him a little late. \"If I had got her before marriage, India could have got an athletics medal at the Olympics by now.\"Full credit to Bhatia and his training that Usha bettered the Indian 200m record at Fukuoka, Japan, during her last international appearance at the Asian Meet in 1998. The 'Payyoli Express' still has full faith on Bhatia, who regularly visits the Usha School of Athletics at Koyilandy, Kerala, to guide the wards there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610400", "title": "Illegal structures: District administration issues Owners of 1,059 illegal structures issued notices", "text": "PUNE: The district administration will continue its drive against unauthorized constructions that have come up around the city. Recently it served notices to owners of 1,059 illegal structures located in fringe areas such as Wadki, Narhe, Shivne, Manjri, Ambegaon and Wagholi.Owners of about 55% such structures have been issued final notices asking the owners to reply within 15 days, failing which the constructions will be demolished. Besides, the administration has planned to undertake a survey in Urali Kanchan and Phursungi areas soon to identify buildings constructed in violation of the regional plan and rules of the Gram Panchayat Act.A survey revealed that Haveli taluka, being nearest to the city, was found to have the highest number of illegal structures. In fact, all the 1,509 structures that have been served notices are located in villages under Haveli taluka. Owners of 569 structures were issued second stage notices and 490 were issued first stage notices. Owners who have been served second notice were told to reply within 15 days, failing which their constructions will be razed.Last year, the district administration conducted an extensive drive in Ambegaon and Narhe areas, followed by an elaborate survey in all 13 talukas of the district. As many as 8,700 illegal structures have been identified so far.\"Before starting with the demolition drive, the administration requires to work on legal aspects. It would take at least a month to complete the formalities,\" said a senior official in the district administration.Sources, however, said that though the drive is planned for the next month, it may get delayed because of staff crunch. An additional force is required to undertake such drives. The administration, at present, does not have dedicated staff for issues pertaining to encroachments and illegal constructions. A source said that the state government is still to provide a dedicated staff for the drive.The issue of staff crunch was recently raised before a committee appointed by the state government to look into the problem of illegal constructions that have cropped up across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15610525", "title": "BDO duped of Rs 1.5 lakh by impersonator", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Ekangarsarai BDO was duped of more than Rs 1.5 lakh on Tuesday when a caller impersonating as Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal asked him to deposit Rs 5 lakh into two different bank accounts saying that his uncle was very sick and he needed the money immediately.Falling a prey to the trap, BDO Bhuvaneshwar Prasad deposited Rs 1.65 lakh in the given bank accounts without verifying the facts from the DM. After depositing the money in the HDFC Bank and SBI branches of Kanpur and Bokaro respectively, the officer contacted the DM on his official number, but was shocked to learn that he had been cheated. The BDO then asked the said branches to block the accounts, but the caller had already withdrawn Rs 55,000 from the two accounts through ATMs. When the account holders were contacted, they said their ATM cards were stolen. The BDO has lodged an FIR with Ekangarsarai PS in this connection.It is learnt the caller had demanded money from several other BDOs, district education officer and director, DRDA, in the name of Nalanda DM. Noticing a new number and different voice, they contacted the district magistrate before obliging the caller and saved themselves from being duped. Nalanda DM issued instructions to all the officers not to fall a prey to such a fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610577", "title": "Caution! Corpn begins digging at Puliyakulam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The UGD ordeal has begun for residents and commuters along the Puliyakulam stretch of the road connecting Ramanathapuram Junction and Lakshmi Mill Junction. Apart from the haphazard traffic diversion on the stretch near the areas where digging has begun, the city municipal corporation seems to pay no attention to the safety of the people as the streetlights along the stretch have not been functioning for the last two days.\"There are no proper barricades on the road, besides the stretch is totally dark. It is a dangerous situation for two-wheeler riders and also pedestrians, especially since the streetlights are not working,\" said G C Raju, a resident of Meena Estate, who travels on the stretch regularly on his two-wheeler.The corporation has put up a barricade at one end where they have started the work, while a UGD pipe kept diagonally on the road serves as a barricade at the other end. There is no temporary lighting at the worksite.The power supply junction box and the main supply cable for the streetlights were kept exposed on the road surface and were damaged. At least 18 consecutive streetlights are not functioning here at the moment. \"It is very dangerous for people and it seems the workers and the authorities have not bothered to take any measures to make it safe for us,\" said P Joseph, who owns a petty shop owner near the stretch.Apart from the motorists and pedestrians using the stretch, a TASMAC shop is also located close to the worksite and tipplers constantly move around the area in 'high spirits'. Though these people are considered a social nuisance, and rightly so, the city corporation's UGD pits pose a grave danger to them.Local municipal ward councillor B Ganesan told TOI that all 18 streetlights will be made functional on Thursday after the faulty power junction box and the cables are replaced. \"It is slightly inconvenient for the public and I have already asked the corporation officials to rectify it,\" said Ganesan, councillor, ward no 70.The UGD pipelines were dumped along both sides of the road for many months in advance, but work beyond Ramanathapuram signal started only a few days ago. Most of the concrete pipelines unloaded on the margins of the road don't have reflectors on them and are invisible to motorists at night. Work on the stretch from Lakshmi Mill to Nanjundapuram was delayed initially since the corporation had to pay Rs 1.25 crore as security deposit to the highways department before commencing work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15610679", "title": "Fishermen's hearing adjourned for 23rd time by Sri Lanka", "text": "RAMESWARAM: With the hearing on the Thangachimadam fishermen who were detained in Sri Lankan prison on drug peddling charges from November 2011 adjourned for the 23rd time, and the next hearing scheduled on September 5, the fishermen community in Rameswaram is despondent. Fishermen associations are busy taking measures to represent their plight to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Thangachimadam fishermen Emerson, Agustus, Wilson, Langlet, and Prasad were detained by Sri Lankan navy near Neduntheevu islet on November 28 and the Sri Lankan police later arrested them on drug peddling charges. In spite of local investigation agencies giving them a clean chit, a Sri Lankan court has still detained the fishermen, remanding them again and again after every hearing. The fishermen associations and the families of the fishermen staged a five-day relay fast in Thangachimadam from August 8 to 12. Under these circumstances, the next hearing on the fishermen which was scheduled at Mallagam Court in Yazhpanam on Wednesday, had been adjourned to September 5. Such repeated adjournments and remand has caused widespread agitation and frustration among fishermen in Rameswaram.P Gladwin, younger brother of Emerson who was held in Sri Lanka, said the families were depressed by this development. \"We are deeply pained and worried about our kin as the hearing is being adjourned repeatedly. We don't know what to do further,\" he lamented.U Arulanandam of Alliance for the Release of Innocent Fishermen who follows up such cases, said the fishermen were yet to be given the chargesheet. \"I met them in June in Sri Lankan prison. They are totally devastated as they are held on false allegations. They are not able to cope with the prison food and climate and many are suffering with skin ailments. As every hearing is adjourned, they are losing hope fast. The Centre should take immediate measures to speed up the trial,\" he said.With their repeated demonstrations and agitations yielding nothing, fishermen associations have planned to approach the Prime Minister to represent their plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610972", "title": "Activists slam authority for lack of foresight", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's track record in planning and implementing projects is anything but stellar. It has frequently been accused of beginning work without sufficient forethought and adequate preparation.In 2003, to great fanfare, the agency was appointed the implementing agency for the Mumbai Urban Transport Project. Its task was the upgradation of arterial roads in the city. In 2008, the MMRDA returned 16 of the arterial roads to the BMC and the Eastern and Western Express Highways to the state Public Works Department.Yet, even today, the Western Express Highway is incomplete as are the promised subways on it. Potholes dot the highway and its service roads lie unattended.A glaring example of the MMRDA's slapdash work is the northbound section of the highway at Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road junction. Just before the signal, a large crater, ostensibly caused by poor construction, forces vehicles to stick to two of the four lanes. Those vehicles that do venture into the crater have to climb back about a foot to resurface. The road condition, motorists say, is ideal grounds for accidents.This is not all. The MMRDA failed to complete the widening of S V Road. It also returned incomplete Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg in the eastern suburbs, with the culverts and connectivity between drains ruined and the sidestrips unfinished. When handed over the road, the BMC enquired if MMRDA-appointed contractors would complete the work; in reply, the MMRDA reportedly washed its hands off the issue.\"Travelling from JVLR to Aarey flyover in the evening is painful. The highway has six lanes while the flyover has two, leading to long traffic jams. In the morning, one gets stuck at The Times of India naka and then on the stretch before JVLR, which is in a terrible condition,\" says Aditya Bansal, a Kandivli resident who drives to his Andheri (East) workplace every day.Another project where the MMRDA bungled because of poor planning was in the construction of skywalks . Of the more than 54 skywalks initially planned, only 32 were completed. Cost overruns, opposition from locals forced the authority to abandon the project.Architect-activist Jagdeep Desai says: \"The road under the skywalk at Vile Parle (West) is encroached upon. The pillars of the skywalk at Ghatkopar (East) are on the footpath. A perfectly good footpath lost. The planners refuse to learn. They have become contractors.\"Rishi Agarwal, activist and a member of the Walking Project, says the MMRDA's failures stem from its reluctance to include the public in decision-making . \"Skywalks have proved helpful in Bandra, Santa Cruz , Vile Parle and Goregaon. The Andheri skywalk , once commissioned, will help segregate traffic,\" he says. \"The MMRDA should be more receptive and involve people in planning. In the past, we have seen it focus more on selling land and giving out infrastructure projects than on planning for the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614333", "title": "Chettayees; Thakkali Films maiden venture", "text": "Thakkali Films, launched by cinematographer P Sukumar, scenarist Sachi, director Shajoon Kariyal, actors Biju Menon and Suresh Krishna, is coming out with their maiden attempt titled 'Chettayees'. Biju Menon and Lal play the male leads.The film is basically about an eventful New Year celebration of five friends and the span of the happenings is some three days or so.Shajoon Kariyal directs the film, based on Sachi's script. Vinod Illampilly is the cinematographer. The switch on will be held on Aug 18 and the shooting will be completed at Kochi and Pondicherry. Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15611085", "title": "Rajkot schoolgirls roll out 25,000 chapattis in 8 minutes", "text": "RAJKOT: The hockey and basketball playgrounds of Kadvibai Virani Kanya Vidyalay (KVKV) were put to an altogether different use on Wednesday morning as 1,200 girl students made a strong pitch for entering the Limca Book of Records by making 25,000 chapattis in mere eight minutes. The feat is expected to be featured in the 2014 edition of the book.Instead of sportspersons it was the chefs who were out to display their culinary skills in the playgrounds as hundreds of girls assembled to make the record. KVKV is one of the oldest girls school in Saurashtra region that was established in 1946 by freedom fighters in Rajkot.\"The event was spectacular. All the members of school management along with the participants are happy and excited about the event. We will now proceed to claim our record in the Limca Book of Records for this event. We will send them the detailed video recordings, photographs and other evidence to get the event registered,\" principal of KVKV Sonal Shah said.A total of 1,800 girls took part in the event out of which 1200 girls were involved in chapatti making while the remaining 600 girls participated as volunteers.\"The event was supported by Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RCCI). We have taken care with regards to the hygiene while carrying out the exercise. After the event was over, the chapattis were distributed among patients in government hospitals and the poor in the city with the help of Bolbala Charitable Trust,'' Shah said.Each participant had brought 250 grams of flour from their home and some parents had donated ghee as well.\"The idea of making chapattis to enter the book came up when the parents of a student and told me that while their ward was bright in education she did not know how to make chapattis. In our culture, this is a necessity. It was then that we decided to have an event that involved chapatti making on a mass scale involving maximum number of our students,\" Shah added..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15611067", "title": "Drought in Saurashtra forces 4 lakh tribals to head home", "text": "RAJKOT: A native of Sinchor village in Pavi-Jetpur taluka of Vadodara district Kiran Nayak (16) enrolled himself in Ambardi village high school in Gondal taluka of Rajkot this year as his family has been living here for the last five years. His father Bhima Nayak hoped that Kiran would get good education along with employment. However, fate has something else in store for him.\"Drought has washed away our hopes and we have no work here. We are now going back to our native village,'' Bhima Nayak said.Kiran is now a standard X dropout along with his two sisters. He went back to Sinchor with bleak future. Kiran's family was working in Bharat Bhuva's farm in Ambardi village. \"In our village there were over 2,200 tribal people staying for the last six years as they were engaged in agriculture. But due to drought this year, all of them are heading back to their native villages,'' farmer Bharat Bhuva said. Saurashtra had good monsoon over the last 10 years and it generated many employment opportunities for tribal people in the region. According to an estimate, more than 4 lakh tribal people, mostly from Madhya Pradesh, eastern tribal belt of Gujarat, have settled in Saurashtra.\"Tribal families got prosperous as earlier they only used to come for labour, but later they started forming partnership (bhagiya) because of which they earned more. So, many tribal families found it viable to settle in villages and send their children to local village school,'' farmer leader from Saurashtra Praful Senjaliya said.Sources said in Khajurda village primary school in Jamkandorna taluka of Rajkot, 70 schoolchildren, mostly tribals, have taken their leaving certificate to go back with their parents.\"In every village of Saurashtra on an average five to 10 children of tribals have been enrolled in schools, but now they are being taken out as their parents have no work,'' sources said.\"In our village, there were more than 25 tribal children enrolled in village school, but now most of them have gone with their parents,'' a farmer from Jambida village in Dhrol taluka of Jamnagar Arjunsinh Jadeja said.\"As many as 40 tribals employed in my farm left for their homes as our crop failed. They have no work left here,'' Ajubhai Khuman of Jabala village in Amreli said. According to an estimate, about 75 per cent crops have failed in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614562", "title": "A memorable Eid for Imran with Dilip Kumar", "text": "Pakistani model turned actor Imran Abbas is the next new face in the Bollywood movies. He currently in Mumbai for the shooting of his upcoming debut film Naam Hai Boss, a remake of Vyshakh's Malayalam film Pokkiri Raja (2010). Imran will be sharing the screen with Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar in the movie.Imran tells us, \"It's been over two weeks that I am in Mumbai. The shooting of the movie will start from next month, at the moment I'm just busy getting trained for fight and action scenes that I need to do for the movie. The other day I was doing my fight training at the Juhu beach and my skin literally got burnt and tanned in the heat. Seriously it's not easy to be an actor, you need to know much more beyond acting. I consider myself lucky to have got the chance to act in Bollywood movies. It's a great learning experience for me. Every day I get to learn so many new things. The Indian cinema industry is so professional and well organized I wish we had the same scenario in the Pakistan film industry too.\"On the Eid day, Imran missed being with his family. He says, \"I missed my family, relatives and friends a lot on the Eid day. I spoke to my parents and they conveyed their wishes to me over the phone. But I got lucky to celebrate my Eid with Dilip saab and Saira Bhaaji at their Pali hill residence in Mumbai.I had gone to wish them personally on the Eid day and they were very happy to see me.\" He blushes, \" When Saira Bhaaji saw me she smiled and said ' koi itnabhi khubsurat ho sakta hain . Then Dilip saab added , ' Itna haseen ladka agar humare paas na aata to humari badqismati hoti .. is ki maa ne kya kha ke pedakiya tha ise. \" Imran added, \"At first I just blushed and I didn't know how to react. But of course those words coming from a legend was a huge motivation for me. I have grown up hearing a lot of stories about Dilip saab from my father and till date there is a huge list of fan followers of Dilip saab in Pakistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610119", "title": "Bank services on hold as two-day strike begins", "text": "CHENNAI: Banking services in the city were severely affected as 10 lakh employees of nationalised banks went on a two-day strike from Wednesday. The bank strike had been called by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), an umbrella organization comprising nine bank unions, to protest against the government's move to amend the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.Customers were out to particular inconvenience because the stir started after a long weekend with banks remaining closed on Monday for Ramzan.Vijayalakshmi R had been to the Indira Nagar branch of Corporation Bank to close a recurring deposit. \"A sign on the gate read, 'Due to strike, bank closed for public transactions.' They should have at least informed us ahead of the strike,\" she said.Another customer, Keerthi Prakasam, was set to leave for Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday and had to deposit some money in her account. \"I will now be forced to carry a huge amount of cash with me while travelling,\" she said.The bank strike has been called to protest against the government's move to introduce a bill to amend the Banking Regulation Act. \"The government is planning to add new sections and the cap on voting rights is proposed to be raised from 1% to 10% in public sector banks and from 10% to 26% in case private banks. We feel this will open the floodgates for foreign direct investment in banking,\" said C M Bhaskaran, convenor, United Forum of Bank Unions, Tamil Nadu.The strike commenced after UFBU and the chief labour commissioner in New Delhi failed to make any headway in talks on Tuesday.\"We believe the banking bill is against national interest and will result in outsourcing of bank jobs,\" Bhaskaran said. \"We also oppose some of the recommendations relating to transfers and variables of the Khandelwal committee as they are detrimental to the interest of employees.\"Bank officials said they had fully loaded ATMs in the city on Tuesday. There were long queues of customers outside ATMs of SBI, Union Bank of India, Canara Bank and other nationalised banks on Wednesday. \"I don't carry much cash usually. I will withdraw enough to last at least two days,\" said SBI account holder Amar Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609429", "title": "Bid to hardsell Rajarhat financial hub", "text": "KOLKATA: With only one investment proposal so far for the much-touted international financial hub at New Town, Rajarhat, the state urban development department plans to aggressively market the hub, the foundation stone for which was laid by chief minister Mamata Banerjee amid much fanfare in March. A foundation stone laying ceremony was earlier held during the The first foundation stone for the project was laid by Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee during the Left regime.The department has sought the Union urban development ministry's help to showcase the financial hub at a bankers' meet in New Delhi on Thursday, where state officials will interact with representatives of major banking and financial institutions and convince them to invest in the hub. The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) authorities are also going to invite fresh applications after altering a few terms and conditions. to attract investment.The state government wants large financial and banking institutions to come forward and invest in the financial hub in Rajarhat which has, so far, received lukewarm response from such institutions. The state will make a presentation to showcase the financial hub to convince investors to come forward.Financial institutions include banks, both public and private, insurance companies and investment banks.Union minister of state for urban development Saugata Ray, secretary in the ministry Sudhir Krishna, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim, his departmental secretary Debashis Sen and other senior urban development and Hidco officials will be present at Thursday's meeting to interact with the representatives of banks and financial institutions. \"The financial hub will be showcased before them in the meeting. We want their investments ,\" state urban development secretary and Hidco chairman Debashis Sen said.The state has been highlighting the hub's potential, saying it will be only the second financial hub in the country after Mumbai's Bandra Kurla complex. However, quite unexpectedly, only one company has so far shown interest in investing in the financial hub. Hidco authorities informed Ray, who took up the matter with other central ministries and accordingly, the date of the bankers' meet was fixed.In the fresh applications Hidco is inviting, officials said, the basic condition requiring a financial institution to have an annual turnover of Rs 500 crore will remain the same, but now one will be able to get a plot at a fixed price. Offers will be given to public sector institutions. Some of the plots will be auctioned, but one can also get a plot at a fixed price. This was discussed at the latest board meeting of Hidco. The deadline to submit applications will be October 31 this year.After Banerjee had laid the foundation stone this year, April 24 was fixed the last date for submitting applications and Hidco authorities only received one application. Even after extending the deadline to July 31, no fresh application was received. The criteria for submitting applications made the hub open only to big financial houses and banking institutions with an annual turnover of Rs 500 crore and above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614082", "title": "ICC Under-19 World Cup, 2nd Semifinal: India Under-19s v New Zealand Under-19s", "text": "India Under-19s innings (50 overs maximum)Batsman  Status  Runs  Balls  4s  6s  SR   P Chopra  c Young b Nuttall  52  104  5  1  50.00  U Chand*  b Neynens  31  44  5  0  70.45  B Aparajith  c Young b Sodhi  44  61  2  0  72.13  GH Vihari  c Carter b Horne  22  38  2  0  57.89  VH Zol  c Horne b Duffy  0  5  0  0  0.00  AD Nath  c &amp; b Horne  11  16  1  0  68.75  SK Patel  not out  15  17  1  0  88.23  Harmeet Singh  c Carter b Horne  6  7  0  0  85.71  K Passi  c Neynens b Quinn  0  1  0  0  0.00  Ravikant Singh  b Quinn  0  1  0  0  0.00  Sandeep Sharma  not out  7  6  0  0  116.66  Extras (lb 6, w 15)  21    Total  209 (4.18 runs per over)   Fall of wickets: 1-51 (Chand, 13.4 ov), 2-132 (Chopra, 33.2 ov), 3-138 (Aparajith, 35.5 ov), 4-139 (Zol, 36.5 ov), 5-169 (Nath, 43.3 ov), 6-183 (Vihari, 45.5 ov), 7-198 (Harmeet Singh, 47.6 ov), 8-198 (Passi, 48.1 ov), 9-199 (Ravikant Singh, 48.3 ov)Bowling  Overs  Maiden  Runs  Wickets  Economy   JA Duffy  8  0  37  1  4.62 (3w)  EJ Nuttall  8  1  22  1  2.75 (4w)  MR Quinn  10  1  36  2  3.60 (3w)  C Neynens  8  0  37  1  4.62 (2w)  IS Sodhi  10  0  43  1  4.30(1w)New Zealand Under-19s innings (target: 210 runs from 50 overs)Batsman  Status  Runs  Balls  4s  6s  SR   MSJ Davidson  c Ravikant Singh b Passi  6  25  1  0  24.00  JF Carter  c Nath b Ravikant Singh  30  54  3  0  55.55  BJ Horne  c Nath b Harmeet Singh  10  19  1  0  52.63  WA Young*  c Aparajith b Harmeet Singh  5  4  1  0  125.00  RR O'Donnell  c &amp; b Aparajith  29  58  1  0  50.00  CD Fletcher  B Sandeep Sharma  53  89  3  0  59.55  C Neynens  b Ravikant Singh  14  20  1  0  70.00  IS Sodhi  c H Singh b S Sharma  3  8  0  0  37.50  JA Duffy  not out  21  16  2  0  131.25  EJ Nuttall  run out (Patel)  9  5  0  1  180.00  MR Quinn  not out  2  2  0  0  100.00  Extras (b 2, lb 6, w 10)  18    Total (9 wickets; 50 overs)  200 (4.00 runs per over)Fall of wickets: 1-29 (Davidson, 9.5 ov), 2-53 (Horne, 15.4 ov), 3-55 (Carter, 16.3 ov), 4-63 (Young, 17.5 ov), 5-119 (O'Donnell, 36.6 ov), 6-155 (Neynens, 43.2 ov), 7-163 (Sodhi, 45.3 ov), 8-173 (Fletcher, 47.2 ov), 9-192 (Nuttall, 48.6 ov)Result: India beat New Zealand by 9 runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609521", "title": "US visa procedure becomes simpler", "text": "HYDERABAD: The process of applying for US visas has been made easier. The US Consulate on Wednesday announced an interview waiver programme for those applying for visa renewal within four years of its expiry. Also, children below the age of seven years need not be present at the consulate for interviews. Officials said that efforts are being made to simplify the visa application process and reduce the wait time for both the interview appointment as well as issuing of the visa, to make it more convenient for applicants.Speaking at a roadshow promoting tourism in the US, officials also urged people to include USA in their list of leisure destinations. Katherine Dhanani, the consul general at the US consulate in the city, said, \"Many think of organisations like ours as roadblocks for tourism and travel but that is not the case. We are trying our best to make the process a more pleasant one for applicants.\"The waiting time for visas has been significantly reduced and we are working hard on customer service.\" She added that Hyderabad is an excellent market for US tourism as a lot of people travel to US for business and pleasure. Officials added that stories doing the rounds about people having bad experiences while applying for a US visa are just rumours and it is not difficult to get one, adding that in the US fiscal year of 2011 (October 1, 2010 to September 30, 2011), 3.08 lakh B1/ B2 (business and tourism) visas were issued in India and 70% of the total applications were approved. Speaking about the B1/ B2 visa, officials said that visas for business and tourism were combined in order to encourage business travelers to take out time and visit tourist destinations around their business destination and vice versa. Further, offering some tips to clear the interview, Dhanani added, \"The officers are looking for true, heartfelt stories which will convince them about your purpose of travel and the kind of person you are. Being truthful is the simplest way to convince them.\"The event also marked the launch of the Hyderabad chapter of VUSACOM India (Visit USA Commitee), a non-profit organisation aiming to increase the number of Indian tourists to USA. Volunteers said that the group would be offering services like special programmes for tour operators and discount cards for members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "15608652", "title": "Yeddyurappa tries to connect with people", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, district in-charge minister B J Puttaswamy and MP Janardhana Swamy on Wednesday toured drought-hit villages in Chitradurga, Challakere and Hiriyur taluks.Addressing a series of roadside meetings and gatherings at Naikanahatty, Nerlagunte, Thalak, Meerasabihally, Sanikere, Yarabally, Hiriyur and Aimangala villages, he promised to apprise the district in-charge minister and others of the problems faced by them. He also said he would urge the Centre to waive off bank loans of farmers and provide jobs for 25,000 people. When some villagers complained that they were not getting any work under MGNREGS at Meerasabihally, he assured that he would bring it to the attention of the minister in-charge. He announced that works for strengthening Ranikere and improving canals at a cost of Rs 16 crore was sanctioned by the government and the process of calling for tenders will begin immediately.JD(S) leader joins BJPSenior JD(S) leader and former minister D Manjunath joined the BJP in the presence of Yeddyurappa at Hiriyur on Wednesday. On his way to Aimangala, Yeddyurappa visited Manjunath's farmhouse near Hiriyur and met the former minister and his son Jagadeesh, one-time ZP member from Javanagondanahally. The father-son duo then announced that they were joining the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610645", "title": "Few drivers wear seat belts in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Famous TV couple Sakshi and Ram Kapoor are seen these days in an ad, underlining the import of traffic rules, including use of seat belts, while driving on the newly-commissioned, 165-km NCR-Agra Yamuna Expressway. Such awareness drives notwithstanding, drivers using seat belts are a rare sight in Patna. Also, not everyone wears a helmet while riding a two-wheeler in the city, and the violators include \"docile damsels\".Worse, city policemen are least bothered. Or, to be fair to them, they do not have the wherewithal to prevent the \"anarchy\" on the city roads. \"Our first priority is to ensure smooth movement of traffic and, as such, we use our limited resources for that,\" said a senior traffic police officer.This despite the fact that Section 177 of the Motor Vehicles Act provides for a penalty of Rs 100 for not using helmet or seat belt. The penalty increases to Rs 300 if s/he is caught for the second time. Also, there is provision for penalty if the visibility of windowpanes in four-wheelers is less than 50%.With the number of vehicles increasing in Patna, experts say, the situation would worsen if drivers do not adhere to the rules. According to the Patna district transport office, while 54,361 vehicles were registered with it in 2009, the number went up to 77,338 in 2010 and 85,211 in 2011. Of the vehicles registered in 2011, 57,836 were two-wheelers and 4,292 four-wheelers.While there are figures to show the increase in the volume of traffic on the city roads, the traffic police department doesn't have records on how many 'challans' were issued for not using helmets or seat belts. However, it does have the total number of 'challans' issued for violation of various traffic norms.\"If a biker sans helmet meets an accident, the head injury could be fatal,\" cautioned noted surgeon Dr K K Kanth. Seat belts are also extremely protective for the car drivers. \"If one does not wear a seat belt and his car is hit from behind, it can lead to serious chest injury to him. If the tyre of a running car bursts, the driver can have his knee fractured or thigh bone dislocated. There are also chances of serious abdominal injury,\" he said and added if the car turned turtle or went out of control, the seat belt could at least prevent the driver from being thrown out of the vehicle.According to Automobile Association of Eastern India's committee member Alakh Sinha, the seat belts are extremely important especially for those driving a car that does not have SRS (supplemental restraint system) airbag that is designed to inflate on collision.Why does one avoid using seat belt in Patna? \"Seat belts are used only when one zips off on wide roads as in metros. It's not needed in a place like Patna where the traffic moves at a snail's pace,\" said a 35-year-old businessman of Boring Road.The common refrain of the helmet-haters is that it is unfriendly. \"It hides my identity and makes my hair untidy,\" a 21-year-old, who rides his bike to and from his classes in PU, said on the condition of anonymity.Some logic this!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609375", "title": "Murder leaves 'safe' neighbourhood shattered", "text": "KOLKATA: Vegetable sellers and other vendors walking into the houses of residents with their goods is a common sight at Paikpara Ganguly Bagan Lane. They will now have to think twice before allowing strangers within their residential premises. The gruesome murder of retired bank employee Phulrenu Chowdhury has jolted the peaceful locality.While incidents of rape, eve-teasing and snatching were reported regularly from other parts of the city, the local residents of this area had never heard of even a petty theft or crime. The murder has put the neighbourhood's safety in question.\"I have been living in the locality for many years now. We were really proud of this area because it had never witnessed any crime, leave alone petty theft. This murder has left us shattered and scared,\" said Himangshu Chakaborty. The septuagenarian lives at 21/C Paikpara Ganguly Bagan Lane which is at a stone's throw from Phulrenu Chowdhury's house.Questions to some residents elicited no response. They were still in a state of shock and yet to come to terms with the loss of their neighbour.A club in the neighbourhood was also a reason for the people to have a sound sleep at night. \"Many youngsters in the Mohan Kanan United Sporting Club stay in the club premises till late into the night. This could be a reason why no outsiders had dared to commit any nuisance here all these days,\" said Tapan Roychowdhury, a local resident.Neither the young club members nor the victim's brother, living in the same locality, could fathom what went wrong.\"We have heard gossips of miscreants moving on the roof of some houses. But I have never seen robbers or come across any small crime like snatching, leave alone a crime of this magnitude,\" said the victim's younger brother, Himadri Chowdhury.The incident of the daring robbery has left the residents of Paikpara Ganguly Bagan Lane panicked. A peaceful locality where none has heard even of petty theft or any other petty crime in the para has left many wondering about this gruesome crime.\"I have been living in the locality for donkey years now. We were really proud of this locality has never witnessed any crime leave alone petty theft. It has left us shattered and scared,\" said Himangshu Chakaborty. The septuagenarian lives on 21/c Paikpara Ganguly Bagan Lane that is at a stone's throw from Phulrenu Chowdhury's house where the 68-year-old was murdered by the robbers in the wee hours of Wednesday.So confident was Chowdhury about safety and security that she used to call over sabjiwalas and other vendors to her home to buy vegetables and other daily needs. And that is nothing unusual in the locality that has never imagined crime of such magnitude. A club in the neighbourhood too was a reason for the residents to feel safe at night.\"Many youngsters in the Mohan Kanan United Sporting Club stay in the club premises till late into the night. It could be a reason why no outsiders had dared to commit any nuisance here all these days,\" said Tapan Roychowdhury.Residents wonder what went wrong in the upper-middle class locality where para culture is still very strong. Even as there were reports of crimes like robbery, eve-teasing and rape from other parts of the city, those living in the Paikpara Ganguly Bagan have never been confident of no such incident there.Though the retired bank employee stayed alone in the house, her brothers live in the same locality. She would often go out for morning walk.\"We have heard gossips of miscreants moving on the roof of some houses. But I myself have never seen robbers or come across any small crime like snatching, leave alone crime of this magnitude that happened to my sister,\" said the victim's younger brother Himadri Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15607961", "title": "Remove 'honour' from honour killing: NCW", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Women has recommended removal of the word 'honour' from honour killing while describing crimes when a person is killed to save a family's 'honour'. The NCW's recommendation came after an inquiry into the hurried cremation of a girl by her family in a Greater Noida village mid-June.The girl, studying in a Bulandshahr college, had eloped twice from her home in Bhaipur-Brahampur village, police said. On June 15, her family members cremated her. Police suspected it was a case of honour killing.The NCW team said neither an FIR nor a complaint was registered in the case. The team suggested criminal prosecution against lawyers even remotely connected with defending the accused. It also noted that such cases were increasing.In its recommendations, the inquiry committee, headed by NCW member Charu Wali Khanna, said, \"The usage of the word (honour) has a tendency to rationalize and legitimize the motive of the crime by creating a false notion that the crime has been committed to save the 'honour' of the family. Thus implying society is bound by tradition to protect this violation of tradition.\"The NCW suggested special provisions/ chapter in the Indian Penal Code to prevent such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609393", "title": "Tech education for industry freshers", "text": "KOLKATA: Whether technical education should focus only on academics and not on industry grooming, is a question that concerns not only students but also the recruiters when they hire freshers. To mark the 10-year celebrations of its flourishing existence, Future Institute of Engineering and Management had organized a debate on Wednesday where industry insiders and academics discussed and debated various aspects of the issue.While some felt that academic excellence is important to understand the industry requirements and to build a place for yourself in the industry, there were others who felt that one should be able to 'think' for that boosts creativity and only academics cannot fulfil the criteria. \"By the time people go for their technical education, they are mature enough and half of their grooming is done naturally. What they need is that special knowledge for which they pursue technical education. Academic brilliance makes a mind creative\", said Dr Joyashree Roy, a professor of economics at Jadavpur University.Education minister Bratya Basu also attended the event. National Jute Board secretary Atri Bhattacharya believed that education itself is an industry and that it is not self-fuelling. \"We do want researchers in every field, but we definitely not want individuals who are isolated from the real world. Industry grooming is very important to let people know about the world they live in and how it functions, so that they can groom themselves accordingly,\" He said.Team Future is also going to come up with two new institutes, Future School of Architecture and Planning and Future School of Hospitality very soon. \"We help create opportunities for students to acquire and develop personal, social and professional knowledge, skills and values through knowledge driven learning. We have practised that for 10 years now and will continue to grow,\" said institute director Dr Mousumi Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609964", "title": "Govt offices wore deserted look as employees protest quota bill", "text": "JAIPUR: The government offices in the state wore a deserted look on Wednesday as majority of the employees were on leave either to support or to oppose the proposed Constitutional amendment bill on quota in promotions.Employees belonging to the Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST), for whom the quota is being secured, took leave to participate in a rally organised in support of the bill in New Delhi. On the other hand, majority of the non-reserved category employees who constitute 72% of the government's workforce were on leave in support of the Rajasthan bandh called by their representative organisation, the Samta Andolan Samiti, to oppose the bill. The state's trader associations, farmer bodies and some social organisations, too, supported the bandh.Maximum effect of the bandh was seen at the secretariat were the staff presence at different government departments was negligible. \"We conducted a physical verification of attendance in every office and found that not only the employees but also the officers were on leave in support of the bandh,\" claimed Shiv Shankar Agarwal, president of the Rajasthan Secretariat Employees Union.At the same time, National Union of Backward Classes, SC, ST and Minorities' president, Rajpal Meena claimed, \"Except for in Jaipur where we asked our members to attend offices to foil the Rajasthan bandh, around 15,000 SC/ST employees from other districts reached Delhi for the pro-bill rally.\"The government offices at the Jaipur Collectorate, medical and health department, public works department and animal husbandry department, however, were largely deserted. The scenes were similar in the state's other districts, barring Bhilwara and Hanumangarh. In Alwar, the employees registered their protest against the bill by organising a rally and submitting a memorandum to the district collector. In Ajmer, there was confusion if the bandh had been called off, but the Samiti members managed to dispel it.\"In a democracy it's the unity that pays. Non-reserved category employees have demonstrated their unity today; it is now for the political parties to rethink on the quota issue,\" said Parashar Narayan Sharma, the Samiti president.He added that the organisation, at the same time, fulfilled its social responsibility by asking its supporters to help the administration in tackling the flood and relief management even if they were on leave, as the state was receiving heavy rainfall. \"Production at the Kota thermal power was under threat of closing down due to the bandh. When the employees informed us about this, we asked them to continue to work while remaining on leave,\" Sharma said.The schoolteachers' associations announced to support the bandh, but in Jaipur the district collector declared a holiday in all government and private schools considering the heavy rainfall. Schools in rural areas, nonetheless, were deserted due to the bandh. Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vypar Sangh president Babu Lal Gupta said that the sate's 247 Anaaz Mandi and Dal Mills remained closed in support of the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15610352", "title": "'Loo duty' notice ruffles Gaya college teachers", "text": "GAYA: College teachers of Gaya along with the sanitary staff have been assigned the job of 'cleaning toilets' during 'Pitrapaksha' 2012. According to a letter issued by the district panchayati raj officer, the housing in charge for the pilgrims, college principals have been directed to depute teachers on eight-hourly rotation basis for cleaning toilets during the pilgrimage season.The subject of the letter mentions, \"Shauchalay safai ke liye safai karmi ke sath sath rosterwar (8-8 ghante) shikshakon ki pratiniyukti kar awasiye pata tatha mobile number uplabdh karane ke sambandh mein.\"'Pitrapaksha', the annual ancestor worship, is a period that is observed during the dark half of Hindu calendar months, 'Bhadrapada' or 'Ashwin'. The fortnight-long festival of Hindus begins on September 29, 2012, and over a quarter million pilgrims are likely to visit Gaya for 'pindadan' rituals for salvation of ancestral souls.Asked about the apparent faux pas, embarrassing for the administration and humiliating for the college teachers, district magistrate Bandana Preyasi told TOI the content of the letter need not be given too much importance. The letter under reference, according to the DM, means that \"every boarding place will have supervisors, whose duty is to look after sanitation, bijli, pani, kerosene, health needs and all other emergent situation\".Moreover, \"the DEO had meetings with the principals and all teachers are aware of their responsibilities. Cleaning toilets is definitely not one of them. Supervision is,\" the DM added. She, however, assured to go through the contents of the letter once again.Condemning the issuance of such a 'derogatory letter', MLC Sanjeev Shyam Singh, representing the Gaya teachers constituency in Bihar legislative council said, \"It is really unfortunate that those at the helm of the affairs in the district function in such a non-serious manner and were not even aware of the basic principles of administrative conduct. He also said a society that does not respect its teachers cannot develop.\" According to Singh, the UGC and Bihar Universities Act, 1976, clearly stipulate the job requirements of the college and university teachers and the bureaucracy has been treating them with disrespect, if not contempt.Demanding immediate withdrawal of the order directing principals to depute teachers for 'toilet cleaning' on an eight-hourly rotation basis, the MLC sought a word of regret/apology from the officials passing such a humiliating and derogatory order for teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15611125", "title": "Online support pours in for Geetika", "text": "'Remember, ... my dear friends ... Kanda ke kand samne aa jayange' (Kanda's wrongs are bound to surface).'We don't want another Jessica ... plz support n share''This is a national shame ...'CHANDIGARH: As a stunned nation watches the Gopal Kanda-Geetika case unfold, a groundswell of support is gathering in cyberspace for Geetika, who committed suicide, naming Kanda in her note. Words of compassion, anger and support are appearing on pages in social networking sites.A page on Facebook, 'Justice for Geetika', is 'liked' by more than 400 online users.After drawing parallels with the Jessica Lall case, the page mentions: \"Geetika Sharma snuffed out her life at 23, naming powerful Haryana politician, Gopal Goyal Kanda in her suicide note. Kanda's \"hawai chappal to hawai jahaaj\" story is well known, as is his political clout. Will Geetika get justice? Join us in this campaign to bring the culprit to book.\"Haryana was shaken by a similar online campaign about three years ago when former state DGP SPS Rathore was convicted by a court in Chandigarh on charges of molesting Ruchika Girhotra.In the Geetika Sharma case, a number of online campaigns are doing the rounds - with comments and photos of Kanda and Geetika as well as those of protests staged against Kanda.Hours after Geetika Sharma's suicide on August 5, a Facebook page - Justice for Geetika -- was opened with a message: \"Geetika Sharma committed suicide to get rid of the mental harassment from her employer. Please join hands to get justice for her.\"In the next two weeks, four pages were created to launch a campaign in support of the victim.Another Facebook page, \"Justice for Geetika Sharma | Arrest Gopal Kanda\" is 'liked' by more than 350 Net users.On the page, a woman, Ekta Chandra, commented, \"This is a national shame. Geetika, your life won't go waste.\"\"Support for the justice of Geetika Sharma's soul\" is a Facebook account which has 68 members. Tushnik Ghosh, who created the page on August 18, commented, \"Ministers like Kanda using their power in wrong way which results in death of Geetika Sharma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ajmer/bikaner", "code": "15610024", "title": "Heavy rainfall in Ajmer, Bikaner districts", "text": "AJMER/BIKANER: While it rained through the night on Tuesday in Jaipur, several districts of the state also witnessed heavy rainfall.In Ajmer, a part of a building in Langerkhana gali of the dargah region fell in morning due to excessive rain. Looking at the condition of other old buildings in the area, the municipal council demolished two other buildings that were damaged to prevent any harm to life.The rainfall ensured that water level goes up in the Bisalpur dam, and by Wednesday evening, the level stood at 311.37 meters. However, it has still not touched last year's level. \"Around this time in 2011, the level in the dam went up to 314.25 meters and the department opened its gates to release water for irrigation,\" said an official from the Bisalpur dam control room.Heavy rains caused water logging in Nagra, Gujjar dhari and many other parts of Ajmer district. In Bikaner too, it started raining heaving on Wednesday, which led to panic among residents of low-lying areas.Several areas in Sri Kolayat tehsil are still water logged after last week's rainfall. Villages like Bala ka Gola, Hada, Thakusar, Dhingasar, Sankhla Basti in Sri Kolayat tehsil are still cut-off from the main areas. Various government and non-government agencies and social activists are making efforts to provide relief to the villagers who have lost their houses and have taken shelter at temporary constructions under trees. Though the district administration has made arrangements for supplying relief material, it is not reaching people in remote areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609604", "title": "HC reserves order in Parthasarathy's case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Raja Elango of the AP high court on Wednesday reserved his orders to Friday on a petition filed by the state excise and secondary education minister K Parthasarathy, who urged the court to suspend the judgment and conviction imposed by the economic offences court in a Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) violation case.Though an appeal against the lower court order was admitted and the execution of the sentence had been stayed by the metropolitan sessions judge earlier, which allows the minister to continue in his post on technical grounds, the opposition has been demanding him to step down on moral grounds. Since the stay issued by the metropolitan court would not absolve him of the conviction, the minister wanted the conviction be suspended during the pendency of his appeal.Senior counsel C Padmanabha Reddy told the court that the minister was convicted for violation of FERA in 1994 when his company KPR Plastics Ltd made a failed bid to import machinery from abroad. The company had paid an amount of Rs 69 lakh as advance but could not remit the balance amount as the bank which promised to finance the deal had backed out midway, the senior counsel said. The company could neither import the machinery nor could get its advance back. \"It was a failed deal. The company and the minister had incurred losses due to the deal. Since there was no breach of trust or malafide intentions on the part of the minister, the conviction should be suspended,\" Padmanabha Reddy said.The ED counsel, however, told the court that the minister had not shown any special circumstances under which the judgment of the lower court could be suspended. \"Except saying that it would adversely impact his political career, the minister could not make a case for himself to be accorded relief from the conviction,\" the ED said. \"The ED had imposed a penalty of Rs 3 lakh almost a decade ago and an appellate tribunal confirmed the same in 2008. Parthasarathy did not challenge this order in the high court and is now trying to mislead the court by feigning ignorance about the same,\" the ED counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609307", "title": "Special Rajdhanis every week in festive month", "text": "KOLKATA: Those planning a trip to Delhi or other locations in north India during the Pujas can travel in comfort. For the first time in recent years, Eastern Railway will run weekly special Rajdhani Expresses from Sealdah for vacationers. The Rajdhanis that will run on Fridays between October 19 and November 9 will accommodate 7,200 passengers.\"The Rajdhani Puja Specials will provide faster and comfortable travel in keeping with the festive mood. The passengers will be charged Rajdhani fares that will include food charges. The trains will stop at Dhanbad, Gaya, Mughalsarai and Kanpur. We are sure that these special Rajdhanis will be extremely popular,\" said Samir Goswami, CPRO, Eastern Railway.The Rajdhani Puja Special (03113 Up) will start from Sealdah at 6.40 pm and reach New Delhi at 11.05 am on Saturdays. In the Down direction, the trains (03114 Dn) will leave New Delhi at 8.05 pm on Saturdays (between October 20 and November 10) and reach Sealdah at 12.25 pm on Sundays. In this way, ER will run four pairs of these special Rajdhanis. Each train will have 18 coaches including an ACI class, three AC-II tier and 10 AC-III tier ones apart from two pantry cars and two generator cars.\"We ran special trains to the north every year but there was a feeling that this didn't meet the requirements of people who are used to travelling by Rajdhani Express. For such people, the fare is not a factor. In the past, many upper-class passengers either changed their travel plans or travelled by flight by paying slightly more. This year, we have given them an option to travel by train. There will also be regular Puja specials towards the north for those who don't wish to pay extra,\" an ER official said.This year, ER will also run trains to destinations like Mumbai and Visakhapatnam. Normally, these destinations are only covered by South Eastern Railway (SER). Of the 56 special trains to be run by ER (apart from the Special Rajdhanis), 14 will run between Kolkata and Anand Vihar, Howrah and Lokmanya Tilak and Asansol and Visakhapatnam.\"SER will run its own special trains to various destinations. We are running trains towards Visakhapatnam and Mumbai for the benefit of passengers in the ER route. Till now, passengers from locations like Asansol would have to travel to Howrah for trains to Visakhapatnam or Mumbai. Now, they can travel by the special trains from their own locations. This year, we will generate 42,156 additional berths and 26,584 seats for vacationers,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609844", "title": "Non-cognizable offence against Raj Thackeray for foul language", "text": "MUMBAI: Several complaints were filed with the Azad Maidan police on Wednesday over Tuesday's MNS rally, prominent being a non-cognizable offence against party chief Raj Thackeray for using foul language against Samajwadi Party leader Abu Aasim Azmi during a rally on Tuesday.The NC was registered under section 504 (intentional insult to provoke breach of peace), at the behest of Sayyed Zakir Chand, an SP member. However, police don't have the power to investigate an NC without a court's order. Earlier, on Tuesday, the DB Marg police registered a case against MNS leader Shirish Sawant, for leading protesters from Girgaum Chowpatty to Azad Maidan without police permission. Sawant was booked under section 135 of the Bombay Police Act which prohibits citizens from holding any rally, procession or programme without permission.Senior police officials also sent audio and video tapes of Thackeray's speech to legal experts to seek opinion if there was something objectionable to attract police action. Thackeray in his speech alleged that the August 11 riots at Azad Maidan were executed by Bangladeshis.On Wednesday, Farid Batatawala, chairman of Muslim Front, an NGO, gave a written complaint to the Azad Maidan police with a copy of a newspaper photo showing Thackeray holding a passport in his hand. \"Thackeray should be asked how he got the passport and who provided him this? Had the passport been lying at the Azad Maidan ground on August 11, it means the person who picked it up could be a rioter as well. It was Thackeray's responsibility to hand over the passport to police,\" the application stated. Batatawala, who actively participates in legal affairs of prisoners of various cases, further said Thackeray had made a false statement and did not mention the identity of the person whose passport he displayed in public, and its date of issue.Advocate Kanishk Jayant, a practicing lawyer, submitted another application to the police, demanding an FIR against Thackeray under the Prevention of Atrocities Act. \"Thackeray deviated from the topic and spoke on issues which were not necessary. He used foul language while mentioning Indu Mill. The followers of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, the architect of the Indian constitution, know that his memorial is likely to come up at the mill. Hence talking about it and using foul language was irresponsible on the part of Thackeray,\" Jayant told TOI. He said he gave a copy of the complaint to the zonal DCP and was awaiting action on it. \"The chief minister has been briefed about the rally and contents of the speech. He should come forward as a witness. Our sentiments have been hurt,\" added Jayant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15613825", "title": "Financial help to poor girls for higher education in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government on Wednesday gave clearance for providing a consolidated one-time Rs 30,000 financial help to Class XII passout girls, hailing from weaker economic background, for their higher education .The government on Wednesday issued a Government Order (GO) stating girl students, who passed intermediate or equivalent examination in 2012 and onwards, would be provided a consolidated amount of Rs 30,000 under the Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme, an official release said.As per the government order, a girl who had passed intermediate or equivalent examination in 2012 and onwards will qualify for this scheme, provided her total annual family income is not more than Rs 35,000.The girls can submit their application for Kanya Vidya Dhan at a place other than District Inspector of School office as decided by district magistrate on his own discretion, the release said.The last date for receiving the application for Kanya Vidya Dhan for this year would be September 20, and the district magistrate has been directed to ensure that SDMs and Tehsildars issue income certificate to girl's parents for deciding his family income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609569", "title": "Youth protest govt decision not to accept their letters", "text": "PANAJI: A large group of youth who were given appointment letters as mining supervisors by the previous Congress-led government but found that the new dispensation is not accepting them into service, held a protest dharna at Azad Maidan, Panaji on Wednesday.The group of over 100 youth gathered at the Maidan and were supported in their dharna by the Congress party, with various party leaders addressing the youth and urging the government to absorb the youth into service.Towards the end of the dharna, St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh surprised everyone by showing up. He said that he had come to show solidarity with the youth, and hoped that the issue will be resolved by the chief minister. The youth feared that the government may abolish their posts as it has made provisions for mining inspectors under the draft mining policy.Another youth said the CM was not giving them an appointment. \"Despite being citizens of Goa, the CM doesn't give us an appointment, but he does so for outsiders,\" he said.The youth claim appointment letters were sent to them by post on December 23, 2011. Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, while urging the government to reconsider their decision not to take the youth into service, said the then Congress government had accommodated some of the youth under the pre-employment training scheme initiated by Parrikar in his first term as CM.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who was also the mines minister when the youth were appointed to the posts, said \"recruitment process cannot be done in a day.\" He said various approvals were required before doing so. \"No one had dreamt that the code of conduct will be applicable from December 24, 2011 (when the election commission announced the dates for the Goa elections),\" he said.Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate, Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal, Youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho , Fr Savio Fernandes of CSJP, All Goa private bus owners president Sudip Tamankar and other Congress leaders also spoke in support of the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610420", "title": "Career tips given at Notre Dame Academy seminar", "text": "PATNA: A career counselling seminar was organized for the class 12 students of Notre Dame Academy on its campus here on Wednesday, which acquainted them with different options available to them. Sanjay Srivastava, director, National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Patna gave a presentation that created a lot of enthusiasm among students and many of them looked forward to joining NIFT.Sugandha Sinha told the students about career opportunities in law while Sriparna guided them on how to crack the engineering examinations. Atul Priyadarshi briefed the students about careers in business administration, chartered accountancy and company secretary.Swati Priyadarshini, an alumnus of the school, talked about various medical entrance tests while Ratnakar Mishra, gave practical suggestions related to deciding a career. He advised students to develop reading habit and common sense.The programme was conducted by the new PTA committee with Neeta Chaudhary (president), Sunita Prakash (vice-president), Neerja Sharma (secretary) Vikash Shankar (treasurer), M K Sinha and Rupa Singh as media coordinator. Principal, Sister Mary Tessy and other teachers were also present on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "15611061", "title": "Youth tests positive for swine flu", "text": "JAMNAGAR: A 17-year-old youth in Jamnagar tested positive for the deadly H1N1 virus on Wednesday. According to sources, Rajvirsinh Jadeja, a resident of Pottery Gali in city, was admitted to Civil Hospital here after he complained of cough and fever.Doctors admitted him into the isolation ward suspecting swine-flu.Health department officials of Jamnagar Municipal Corporation (JMC) carried out a survey in the area where Jadeja lives. \"We have sent our team in the area to check whether any other person has H1N1 symptoms,'' chief medical officer, JMC, Dr Pranav Vaidya said.Swine flu has already claimed three lives in Saurashtra since July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15614175", "title": "Army jawan killed in accidental gunfire in Jammu and Kashmir", "text": "JAMMU: A jawan was killed in an accidental misfire from his own gun during practice at the Khanpur firing range here, Army said on Thursday.Signalman Ravi Shanker was hit by \"unfired\" practice bullet in his chest during the firing exercise at Khanpur firing range in Nagotra belt in the outskirts of Jammu city on Wednesday, a senior army officer said on Thursday.Ravi later died, he said.Ravi had to fire 15 bullets during the practice, but could only fire 14 practice bullet and one got stuck up on the gun, he said.After the firing practice, gun went off and the bullet hit him.The deceased Army jawan belonged to 16 Corps Operating Signal Unit and his body is being sent to his native place in Bihar , he said, adding that his family is arriving here on Thursday to receive the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614878", "title": "Kim Kardashian splurges 60k pounds", "text": "Kim Kardashian has splashed out 60,000 pounds on a superloo.The reality TV star has got the luxury lav fitted in her Beverly Hills home.The self-flushing toilet has a bidet, a heated seat and can play any music you'd like while you go about your business.\"Kim is obsessed with cleanliness, so she had no problem spending such a large amount on a hi-tech toilet,\" a source told the Daily Star.\"It's self-flushing and self-cleaning, includes a bidet and has a heated seat with an automatic lid that lifts and lowers itself.\"And if that wasn't enough it also comes with its own computerised sound system so guests can listen to the music of their choice while they relieve themselves.\"The 31-year-old is also determined to ensure that her bathroom is spick and span.\"Kim's terrified of people using her toilet and forgetting to flush,\" the source said.\"She's sure this will solve the problem, and thinks it will also be a real talking point for friends when they come over,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608659", "title": "Kingfisher pilot breaks rules, flies woman in cockpit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The head of Kingfisher Airline's pilot training flew a woman in the cockpit on a Delhi-Mumbai flight and when the cabin crew protested, told them to stay away during the journey. The crew of the flight IT 304 of August 19 have now lodged a complaint with the management, saying the pilot flouted DGCA rules by flying an unauthorized person in the cockpit.\"We will investigate the matter,\" Kingfisher spokesman Prakash Mirpuri said. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation too has ordered a probe and warned of strict action if the pilot is found guilty.This incident comes at a time when the DGCA is conducting a safety audit of Kingfisher and Air India Express \u2014 airlines identified as being in severe financial distress by a DGCA audit last December.The Kingfisher cabin crew did not press the case against the pilot on August 19 itself as the commander is one of the seniormost pilots of the airline.In fact, the pilot, GM(training), was among the handful who also fly promoter Vijay Mallya's personal Airbus corporate jet.Employees have always steered clear of this select group, but with salaries pending since March, the fear is diminishing. As soon as the flight landed in Mumbai, the cabin crew lodged a complaint.Sources point out that the Kingfisher commander broke many rules while taking the woman into the cockpit, no matter that a co-pilot was present.\"Taking a flyer in the cockpit is itself not allowed. But in this case, asking the cabin crew not to come to the cockpit during the flight is another serious breach,\" said a source.\"DGCA rules stipulate that when one of the pilots leaves the cockpit for any reason, a crew member must remain there till the former returns. The reason is that since 9/11, the cockpit doors are locked and if for some reason the only pilot in the cockpit gets incapacitated, there must be someone else to open the door for the other pilot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15609999", "title": "Radio at Marina: Ethos of Old Madras social life", "text": "CHENNAI: Eighty-eight-year-old M R Narayanan and his wife Jayalakshmi, who grew up together in Chindadripet, have fond memories of the Marina beach. Every evening, the two along with their cousins walked along the road bordering the Cooum river (now Mayor Sivananda Salai) for a stroll along the Triplicane beach. \"One section of the beach had a radio along with a loud speaker,\" said Narayanan. \"People sat there on cement seats scattered on the beach and listened to the radio, sometimes to the news and sometimes to songs.\"So while his cousins frolicked in the water, a teenaged Narayanan would sit on the seat and listen to the radio. Right from 1937, when the All India Radio was established, public radio spots were a familiar feature of old Madras right through the forties and early fifties.Popular theatre artist and film actor R Neelankantan (Neelu) of 'Enge Brahmanan' and 'Ayiram Poi' fame recalls an emotional moment. \"We could not afford a radio at home,\" he said. \"So on August 15, 1947, we all headed to the beach (near the Presidency College) at 11.30pm to the listen to Jawaharlal Nehru's famous midnight speech.\" It was a moonlit night and many people from Triplicane area gathered there on a circular stone pavilion.\"In the centre, three poles had mounted mega speakers. When Nehru began speaking of India becoming independent, the silence in the crowd was almost electric. I was only 10 years old then. We returned home at 1am to the sound of fireworks everywhere,\" he said.Meeting every evening to listen to the radio became a regular social event for the residents of Old Madras. \"The most popular one was at the high court beach,\" said Randor Guy, a prominent historian. \"Today, of course, even the high court beach has disappeared because of the expansion of the Chennai Port Trust. But in those days, this spot was sought after by people from George Town and Park Town for whom the Marina was a long walk.\"In fact, there is also a film song referring to the radio event as one of the marvels of science, said Randor Guy. \"There was a film called 'En Manaivi' released in 1942, which had a song about this. The lyrics went this way, 'Sayangala nerathiley samudrakarai orathiley maayamana kambam onnu manushan pola paduthaiah!' (During the evenings, a magic pole by the seashore that sings like a man).\"These speakers were set up at various points across Old Madras then. Choodamani Raghavan, an 83-year-old resident of T Nagar reminisced about listening to music on the radio at Panagal Park in 1945 when she was 17 years old. \"Back then very few households had a radio and I lived right opposite the Panagal Park,\" she said. \"So it was natural for me to simply walk over to the park to listen to Carnatic music played on the radio. It was the only park in T Nagar then and many came there, either to walk or to listen to music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15609477", "title": "Navelim locals, panchas join BJP", "text": "MARGAO: A group of Navelim locals and panch members from Aquem Baixo and Rumdamol panchayats joined the BJP in the presence of party general secretary Narendra Savoikar during a meeting at the Aquem Baixo panchayat on Wednesday.The move is considered to be significant to local MLA Avertano Furtado given that some of the locals and Rumdamol panchas such as Mumtaz P Turki were considered to be strong supporters of the former Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao.Aquem Baixo sarpanch Deepa Naik said the process of verifying the BPL list and its beneficiaries was underway. Aquem Baixo panch members said that a resolution was passed at the gram sabha to write to the chief minister regarding the panchayat's proposal to set up a market complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15609357", "title": "Threats from girl's family led to Sattari boy's suicide", "text": "KERI: Arjun Narayan Mainkar, who hanged himself to death earlier this month, ended his life after his girlfriend's mother and cousins threatened him with dire consequences.Arjun, a TYBA student of government college, Sanquelim, in a two-page suicide note written in Marathi said, \"I have agreed, in the presence of villagers and by signing an affidavit, to marry my girlfriend when she attains 18 years. But I was continuously harassed by the girl's relatives and this resulted in loss of my peace of mind. To get rid of the pressure I am committing suicide. The chief minister of Goa should investigate my case and punish the culprits.\"Arjun, resident of Morlem, Sattari, further said in the note that his girlfriend's relatives threatened to harm his sister as an act of revenge and this had made him restless.Before committing suicide he sent messages to his classmates saying, \"Come with your open eyes to see my closed eyes.\"Valpoi PI Ramesh Gaonkar said, \"Arjun's suicide case is a delicate issue. After his death his girlfriend twice made attempts to commit suicide. I met her and have built up some confidence in the depressed girl who is badly in need of emotional care. The issue has two sides and matter is complicated. We are investigating the case.\"Police investigations found that earlier an MMS clip showing Arjun and his girlfriend in a compromising situation had gone viral. It was after this MMS clip was seen that the girl's family called a meeting and asked Arjun to marry the girl.SP (North) Vijay Singh said no arrest had been made in the MMS case and added that investigations are in progress.Before committing suicide, Arjun had posted the following on his Facebook profile: 'First love never dies but true love can bury it'. Arjun, 21, was fond of dancing and swimming, and was involved in training boys in yoga. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608369", "title": "Two held in west Delhi road rage case", "text": "NEW DELHI: An executive working with a Gurgaon-based MNC became a victim of road rage in an accident in the Bindapur area in west Delhi. A case was registered by the Bindapur police and the accused, Sonu and Monu, have been arrested, cops said.Sunil Kumar sustained eight sharp injuries on his abdomen in the accident, while his relative Daljeet was also beaten up by the two motorcycle-borne accused. The incident took place on Sunday night when Sunil was driving down to Mundka along with his relatives, Manjeet and Daljeet. \"When the victims reached the Arya Samaj Road, the accused had an argument with them over giving way to their bike. The accused got angry and pulled over in front of the victim's car. As the argument grew, one of the accused pulled out a surgical blade and stabbed Kumar repeatedly,'' said an investigating officer.According to witnesses, the accused also roughed up Daljeet when he tried to stop them. However, some passersby nabbed the accused and handed them over to the police. \"The accused have been arrested based on the statement of witnesses,\" said additional CP (southwest) AK Ojha. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610441", "title": "Cabinet to discuss setting of second central varsity in Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday would take up matter of setting up of a second Central university at Motihari in Bihar. This would mark the end of more than three-year-long tussle between HRD minister Kapil Sibal and Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar .The idea of creating another Central university came up to resolve the Sibal-Kumar deadlock. Whereas Sibal was in favour of having the central university in Gaya, Kumar was demanding that it be located in Motihari. Kumar had even made it a part of his election agenda. Sibal's argument was that being inaccessible Motihari would not attract the best faculty and students. He was in favour of a campus easily accessible from Patna, and Gaya was shortlisted for the purpose.Finally, with both sides unyielding it was decided that a new Central university should be given to the state without any financial implication. So, of the Rs 240-crore earmarked for the single Central university would now be equally divided between the two without causing any burden on the Centre. List of the new university would be added to the list of 16 new Central universities that were created in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610008", "title": "Court allows narco on Palande, aide to make them sing", "text": "MUMBAI: The court has allowed the police to conduct scientific tests on gangster Vijay Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde in the third murder case.Cops had recovered the skull of an unidentified man from Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun a few months ago. While the two accused are insisting that the skull belongs to Kakkar, the DNA report does not match the aspiring film producer's sample. Cops are hoping to get a clue about the victim's identity with the help of the scientific tests.On Wednesday, the police moved an application before the court to conduct the test. Palande and Shinde have given their consent for the tests before the court. Now, the police officer has to take an appointment from the state forensic science laboratory to conduct the tests. The scientific tests may include narco-analysis, lie detector and brain mapping, depending on the responses of the accused.In narco-analysis, experts inject a suspect with drugs, making him semi-conscious. He is then asked relevant questions. A lie detector is an instrument that measures and records several physiological indices such as blood pressure, pulse, respiration and breathing rhythms and skin conductivity while a suspect is asked a series of questions. The misleading reply of the subject produces physiological responses that can be different from the natural reply. Brain-mapping is the analysis of brainwave frequency bandwidths. The experts make the suspect see evidence found at the crime scene and with the help of the machine try to find out if the brain recognises the evidence.These test reports are not admissible evidence in the court but help investigators in the probe. The police are checking the details of Kakkar's friends to find if any of them is missing. The experts had retrieved two different types of DNA from the blood stains recovered from Kakkar's bathroom. While one belonged to Kakkar, the other matches that of the skull. This has raised suspicions of the police that the accused had killed the unidentified person in Kakkar's house before dumping his body at the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15609194", "title": "Squad formed to check price rise", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The deputy controller of rationing has deployed a squad in the district exclusively to enforce the rule that makes it mandatory for all shops to display prices of essential commodities.This is an initiative to arrest the rise in prices during Onam.The squad has started conducting inspections to check violations of the Kerala Essential Commodities (maintenance of accounts and display of prices and stock) Order 1977.Traders are required to display the price list of 24 specified essential commodities at a place visible to the public.He also should display the stock of essential commodities he has. The inspections will continue till month end.\"The inspections are meant to check malpractices during the festival season. It is expected to curb the exorbitant rise in prices of essential commodities as well as hoarding,\" said T P Kammad Kutty, district supply officer.The taluk Supplyco officers in Kozhikode, Vadakara and Koyilandy head the squad which also has rationing inspectors in it.\"We make traders display the prices of essential commodities, and also check their stock,\" said P M Padmaja, Koyilandy taluk supply officer.\"We submit our report to the deputy controller of rationing,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608372", "title": "Mushrooms most wanted in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Mushroom cultivation is getting popular among the farming community, with the \"health crop\" yielding good returns to the growers.There has been a rise in demand for edible mushrooms, particularly oyster mushrooms, for their nutritional benefits. The demand is so much that horticulture department has not been able to provide adequate quantities of mushroom seeds which called as 'spawns'. Besides people in urban areas, farmers in rural areas are also showing interest in growing mushrooms as it ensures them additional income. In the last decade, the mushroom development department in Horticulture Farm, adjacent to Kukkarahalli Lake, has been producing mushroom seeds commonly called spawn. The centre produces oyster mushroom variety which is in high demand from the hotel industry. Many restaurants offer several recipes made of mushrooms of this variety. Each packet of seeds, weighing 250gm, is sold at a subsidized cost of Rs 10.Speaking to TOI, mushroom seed production centre's assistant director Dinesh said: \"Mushroom production is a boon to homemakers and unemployed people as it fetches good return over less investment.\" Over the years, many have started cultivating this popular variety. Oyster mushrooms fetch Rs 120 to Rs 150 a kg in market, he added. Hotels buy oyster mushrooms at an attractive price. \"Good business is guaranteed if a market link is established with hotels, restaurants, malls and supermarkets.\"Veena, a mushroom cultivator, says: \"Mushroom production has become my livelihood from many years, and I'm enjoying good returns\". She runs a mushroom products firm, and now wants to export the crop. \"Many have a misconception that mushroom is a non-veg food. But in reality, the spawn is produced out of maize and hay,\" she said, adding that they are packed with vitamins, nutrients and have ability to cure many ailments.Dinesh said it controls blood pressure, sugar level and cholesterol. It also contributes to fighting cancer and produces an anti-inflammatory effect in the body. \"Therefore, it has become a favorite delicacy among people, including vegetarians,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609960", "title": "Smart move to drive cadaver donations", "text": "MUMBAI: In a ground-breaking move that hopes to lift the state's dismal cadaver donation count-which stands at less than 300 organs in the past 15 years-the state government will soon make it mandatory for a driving licence-holder to mention his or her consent to organ transplantation in the licence itself.This is to ensure that in the event of a person's death in an accident, there is no delay in retrieving organs for transplant as well as to forestall opposition from relatives, if any.This was one among several major decisions taken at an advisory committee meeting held on Wednesday on the Transplantation of Human Organs Act. Officials said the decisions are in consonance with the Central government Act. \"All that the state government needs to do is issue a government resolution allowing it. The GR will be issued within a month,'' a senior Mantralaya official told TOI.In a long to-do list to facilitate human organ transplantation in the state, particularly cadaver donations, the public health department will also discuss with the home department ways in which a post-mortem and organ retrieval can be done at the same time, sources said.\"The government will designate a non-transplantation hospital with an intensive care unit and an operation th-e-atre as an organ retrieval centre to increase the number of retrieval centres. The condition of a minimum of 25 beds applicable in Tamil Nadu will not be applied here.\"In an effort to ensure better coordination and dissemination of information, a transplant hospital will have to inform all other registered transplant hospitals about a brain-dead person and provide organs on the basis of the waiting list. The government will not only revive the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre at Pune, but also set up new ones at Amravati and Nashik. It will work on providing wide publicity to the issue and publicize the good results.Besides additional chief secretary (public health) T C Benjamin, the committee comprises the director of Directorate Medical Education and Research, secretary of medical education, Hinduja Hospital medical director Gustad Daver, former medical education secretary Aziz Khan and former dean of Sion Hospital Dr Armita Fernandes, among others.Strike a balanceOrgan transplants are a sticky domain, where the government and doctors have to deal with difficult ethical issues that have no black-and-white solutions or answers. The government is bound by law and ethics to prevent forced donations. But things could become a little simpler if every party in a transplant, including the government and potential donors and recipients, starts with a fundamental premise: No emergency patient should be denied a transplant for delay in paperwork. There needs to be a fine balance between the two necessities, preventing forced donations and saving lives by effecting speedy transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609768", "title": "NE's innovators shine amid strife", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a time when violence and insecurity plague the northeast region of the country, the creativity of their grassroots innovators continues to sparkle.Uddhab Bharali, an innovator from Assam , has been shortlisted by the US-based National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for its prestigious NASA Technology Award. Bharali has also been nominated for the World Technology Award 2012 given by World Technology Network.Bharali, who belongs to North Lakhimpur town in Assam, has been selected for developing a pomegranate de-seeder, which is exported and has gained huge popularity in the US. The product will soon be launched with new features and higher efficiency once a suitable entrepreneur is identified.Imphal in Manipur has given India the largest number of innovations. The National Innovation Foundation (NIF) and Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions (SRISTI) have received the maximum innovations from this city.\"Innovations have been identified from within a 30 km radius of Imphal. We plan to pursue a Shodh Yatra again here in January 2013,\" said IIM, Ahmedabad professor Anil Gupta , who is the coordinator of SRISTI and executive vice-chairperson of NIF.NIF has over 1,000 innovations and traditional practices documented from Manipur in its database, which contains innovations from across the country.NIF has received several other quality innovations from grassroots innovators in spite of the strife-riddled conditions of the region. Among other innovators who made a mark are Sualkochi-based Deepak Bharali's handloom with magnetic bobbins, Mizoram's Lalbiakzuala Ralte with his bamboo splitting and incense stick making machine showcased at Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"There are many other traditional knowledge practices of the northeast states on which the SRISTI lab is pursuing research,\" said Gupta.The most pertinent innovation from the northeast has been the bamboo windmill designed by brothers Mohammad Mehtar Hussain and Mushtaq Ahmed and is sold for Rs 5,000. The windmill has been redesigned in Gujarat with iron and fibreglass wing spans costing Rs 65,000. About 50 windmills have been installed at Pipavav and have transformed the lives of salt workers in Gujarat, who earlier drew water using diesel engines.\"Grassroots innovators from the northeast are very creative and the states are also resource rich. Even under such stressful situations, people in these states can come up with interesting innovations in every field,\" said Vipin Kumar, chief innovation officer, NIF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610147", "title": "Drain works: Chennai Corporation admits it is leaden-footed, seeks more funds", "text": "CHENNAI: The inordinate delay by the Chennai Corporation and the Public Works Department (PWD) in completing storm water drain works in the city under the Centre's flagship Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is expected to scale up the project cost.The civic body for the first time officially admitted that only 25% of the work had been completed till July, just five months before the deadline of December 31. It now plans to seek an additional Rs 28 crore under the JNNURM because \"construction costs have risen over the last four years\". \"In the last few years, prices of basic materials such as sand, gravel, cement and steel have risen,\" says a council resolution that approves the request for funds. For works taken up by the corporation and the PWD, Rs 1,447.91 crore was initially sanctioned. The civic body now wants it increased to Rs 1475 crore.The justification for this is that the funds were released according to a plan submitted by the corporation in 2008 and that there have been additional costs and inflation in the four years since. The corporation said it had incurred extra costs while breaking down existing drains and correcting sewerage drains.The corporation and the PWD submitted their plan to the Centre in 2008, and the funds were approved later that year. Despite the work beginning in 2010, the contractors selected for the project are way behind schedule. The reasons vary from elections and the monsoon to metro rail construction. \"The state and local body elections were held. There are rains every year from September to December. The traffic police do not allow construction at night because of metro rail construction,\" stated the resolution. The third reason has managed to raise a few eyebrows because construction at metro rail sites takes place only on Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road, both of which come under the state highways department.Encroachment and lack of coordination among the agencies involved are also stated as reasons. \"Nearly 3,500 encroachers had to be moved to facilitate the construction of storm water drains and had to be provided alternate residences. Then there were metrowater pipes and electric cables that had to be corrected by other agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15608802", "title": "Rs 11 lakh stolen from car of real estate dealers in Aluva", "text": "KOCHI: In a daring daylight robbery, two small real estate businessmen lost Rs 11.45 from their car parked in front of the Aluva sub-registrar office on Wednesday.The duo-Rajan of Midhunam, Thevakkal and Ashraf, Manakkad House, Vadakkuzha, Aluva - had arrived at the office around 11.30 am in a Wagon R car (KL 3K 7980), and went to the office leaving the money in the back of the vehicle in a plastic cover.When the two returned to the car after making arrangements to register the deal, they found the glasses of the back door broken and money missing. According to circle inspector S Jayakrishnan, Aluva east police station, the duo had received the money from selling two-and-a-half cents of land near Thevakkal. Along with the money, the culprits also took documents related to the ownership of the land they sold on Wednesday. The police said the incident took place between 11.25am and 11.35am. \"We are yet to complete collecting evidence from Rajan and Ashraf. We have started the investigation from whatever we gathered from them,'' Jayakrishnan said.The police also suspect the hand of someone who had a clear idea about the deal. Since the money was kept in a plastic cover, it would have been difficult for strangers to figure out if there was cash in it, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15609766", "title": "Gangster Shetty given bail in passport cases", "text": "MUMBAI: In a jolt to the crime branch, the Esplanade court on Wednesday granted bail to gangster Santosh Shetty in two fake passport cases.The first case pertains to Shetty staying illegally in Bangkok (from where he was deported to India) on a passport with the assumed name Nicholas Madan Sharma. The second is of Shetty helping an associate, Badresh Shah, in Kolkata to obtain a fake passport (under the name Rajesh Nandlal Gandhi). The bails are for Rs 50,000 and Rs 25,000, respectively.When Shetty landed in Mumbai from Bangkok, the crime branch booked him under the Passports Act. About this, his lawyer Rajesh Srivastav said on Wednesday, \"My client was wrongly booked under this act, though according to forensic experts both passports are genuine.\"Despite the bail, Shetty will continue to be in jail as he has three more cases against him: the murder of advocate Shahid Azmi in Mumbai, the murder of Chhota Rajan aide Osama Khan in Allahabad and the kidnapping of a pharmaceutical businessman in Bangkok.\"The bails are for petty cases. But there is solid evidence against him in the Azmi murder, in which we have invoked the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA),\" said a police officer.Shetty is among nearly two dozen Indian nationals who became fugitives, but were deported from the countries of their residence.A former aide of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan, Shetty stayed in Bangkok for nearly two decades, controlling a drug syndicate and other underworld enterprises from there. According to the police, he is wanted in various cases by Gujarat, Rajasthan, Jakarta and Nepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15608726", "title": "Protest against quota disrupts traffic in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: People belonging to various backward communities gathered in Hubli on Wednesday to protest against the recommendations of the Justice Sadashiva committee report to give internal reservation among scheduled castes. The huge protest disrupted normal life in Hubli as it caused traffic jams in the city.Thousands of protesters marched from Ambedkar circle to Chennamma circle where they assembled and urged the government not to implement the committee's recommendations. The protesters warned that if the government did not pay heed to their demands on this issue, their agitation would intensify. Later the group submitted a memorandum to the state government through tahsildar of Hubli.For more than an hour there was severe traffic disruption in arterial roads of Hubli. Many main junctions were clogged with vehicles leading to traffic jams and inconveniencing commuters.Traffic police were seen diverting the traffic from Hosur to city railway station as the protesters staged protest in Chennamma circle. Traffic snarls were witnessed in Deshpande Nagar, New Cotton Market, Hosur, Railway station road, Karwar road, Court circles and other main roads of city. Common people suffered the most as even ambulances could not reach hospitals in some cases due to the snarls. Commuters cursed the city administration and police department for allowing such strikes to take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608632", "title": "Enquiry team finds homoeo college in dismal state", "text": "NAGPUR: A team from the regional directorate of Ayurveda visited the Nagpur College of Homoeopathy on Wednesday to take stock of the facilities in the college. The visit was in relation to a question raised by MLAs Vikas Kumbhare and Devendra Fadnavis about the dismal state of affairs at this once glorious institute.The team, headed by deputy director of Ayurveda Dr ST Dongre, concluded that the students in the college were suffering due to the authorities' failure.The college has been embroiled in many controversies in the recent past, ranging from infighting between different factions, losing the affiliation with Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) to fraudulent admission procedure. Directorate of Ayurveda, the state's regulatory body that looks after the affairs of all institutes imparting education in Indian medicine, has also conducted an enquiry in this matter after receiving numerous complaints.Dongre and his team made rounds of the different departments of the college and even spoke to some of the teachers and students. \"The enquiry report of the directorate has already been submitted to the government. Our visit was to take stock of the situation in the college to reply to an unstarred question in the Vidhan Sabha,\" he said.\"We found that the level of education in the college was very bad. There are no teachers or classes and students are really suffering,\" said Dr Dongre. He said that the team saw no patients admitted in the in-patient department and very few in the outpatient department. This made them wonder what the students were being taught in the college and how, in the absence of patients.The conclusive report of the committee would be forwarded to the state government so that the MLAs queries can be replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610636", "title": "Nagaland minister thanks Pune authorities for help", "text": "PUNE: Nagaland's agriculture minister Chumben Murry has expressed gratitude and satisfaction about the way city authorities have handled the situation of panic among people from the northeast.Murry and his team comprising parliamentary secretary (tourism, law and justice) Yitachu Pochury and deputy inspector general of police Wabang Jamir recently visited the city in view of the feeling of insecurity amongst students/residents from northeastern states in the city.In a statement, they have thanked heads of the Muslim community, commissioner of police, Pune mayor and other authorities for the measures taken to ensure safety of the students.Murry said in the statement, \"My team and I came to Pune on August 19. We are grateful to president of the Indian Muslim Front Pune, Hussain Khan, his colleagues, the Muslim community of Jamah Masjid of Kondhwa, the Rabindra Marakar Muslim Organization and the Muslim community of Quarter Gate Chowk, Bhavani Peth, for inviting us to celebrate Eid along with student leaders and advisors, and assuring residents of northeast of their safety.\"He also thanked the Pune commissioner of police, district magistrate and mayor for the hospitality extended to them. \"We would like to express special appreciation for the commissioner of Pune police and his team for promptly and effectively dealing with the situation, and instilling confidence in the minds of the students and working residents from the northeast,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610829", "title": "Don\u2019t expect Metro link to airport before 2020", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's illjudged decision to not connect the airport with the Metro in the project's first phase has come back to bite it. As it now turns out, the airport may not get the much-needed connectivity till at least 2019.In a recently released \"modified interim development plan\" for the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA), the MMRDA itself laments the absence of a dedicated transport system to and from the airport. It says that, in the absence of a Metro , air travellers are forced to journey to the airport by road, resulting in extreme congestion in the vicinity.\"Although the Bandra-Worli Sea Link has reduced travel time by 15 minutes during peak hours, dedicated high-speed Metro rail is required to ensure high volume traffic movement to CSIA,\" states the report. By 2025, it adds, 40 million passengers will use the airport , with travellers making 6 lakh trips to the airport every day.Damningly, the MMRDA is the planning authority for the airport as well as the Mass Rapid Transport System (Metro). Critics say the airport case is an unmistakable example of paucity of foresight and, indeed, planning.The opportunity to provide the airport better connectivity was squandered in 2006. Till then, the planning authority had intended to create a branch from Metro-Idesigned to run from Ghatkopar to Versova via the Western Express Highway\u2014to the airport. But when Metro-I bids were awarded, the plan was modified and the idea dropped. Simultaneously, the MMRDA announced the second and third lines of the Metro and declared that Metro-III\u2014from Colaba to SEEPZ\u2014will have three stations along the airport.As it happens, the deadline for Metro-I's completion has been put off again and again. Today, while MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana is confident that it will be running by next year, activists believe it is unlikely to be commissioned before 2015.Metro-II from Charkop to Mankhurd via Bandra is in worse disarray. The Bombay high court recently directed the MMRDA to obtain all clearances before undertaking the project. By all indications, experts say, it is likely to be scrapped.Metro-III , meanwhile, is still in planning stages. \"If it is gets the Centre's approval, work will likely start in 2013 and it is likely to be commissioned by 2019,\" says Asthana. Around the world, as the CSIA interim report too highlights, all major high-density airports have Metro stations. Architect and activist Nitin Killawala says it was surprising that the MMRDA, as planners, had failed to provide connectivity to the airport and MIDC through the Metro-I line, though it passes close to the areas.The airport report argues that Metro-I would not have provided the required connectivity to air passengers since its overall planning and operation is intended for daily commuters from Ghatkopar to Versova. Further, it says, most of the airport's passenger traffic originates from south, east and north Mumbai. Since Metro-I does not serve these primary catchment areas, it would not have been helpful in augmenting connectivity to CSIA.Asthana says the Metro-I route was decided based on the high ridership from Versova to Ghatkopar . He adds that the three underground airport stations were added to Metro-III only on the insistence of the National Facilitation Committee.Activist Sudhir Badami says the planning authority's initial objective was to complete the three lines by 2012. \"But the rate at which they are constructing Metro-I , it will take at least 30 years to complete the three phases.\"Times ViewPlan betterOur city's infrastructure-related problems have as much to do with bad planning as they have to do with poor maintenance. Planning agencies often overlook the obvious while working on the drawing board. It's ridiculous that a multi-thousandcrore investment, which skirts the city airport, will not be able to service it. Giving those flying into the city a world-class alternative to the bonejarring ride on Mumbai's roads should have been an automatic planning choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614544", "title": "A walk against child labour", "text": "NMIMS Bangalore conducted a walk-a-thon along with Childline India Foundation for the cause of children ailing under child labour. The march consisted of around 200 people and attracted significant attention. The event was presided over by Dr Varghese, director Brooke Bonds, and other dignitaries from the fields of social welfare, education, and children's rights including Mariamma Varghese, former vice chancellor of SNDT university and Father George PS, executive director of BOSCO Yuvodaya. Suresh Mony, director NMIMS, in his address said that the children are like flowers and it's our responsibility to make sure they blossom well. The march was flagged of by the chief guest at around 5 pm. Starting from the institute the march went on through 1st A cross Road and Ganpati temple road till Raheja Arcade, next to Forum mall, where a play was enacted by the students of college highlighting the evils of child labour.Students marched hand in hand with kids from various underprivileged sections in their attempt to spread awareness against child labour. Childline, an NGO committed for the upliftment of needy children, was the social initiative partner of NMIMS in this endeavour. Sapphire-Honda and MyEducationTimes.com joined hands with NMIMS on the occasion to raise funds to be used in aid of the underprivileged children.The event commenced at 4.30 pm from NMIMS Institute and the procession traversed through Koramangala, via Sony World and Sukh Sagar towards Raheja Arcade for the closing ceremony. Closing ceremony included a street play organised by the students of NMIMS, which endeavored to highlight the various aspects of child exploitation indulged in by sections of our society, and central to this was the issue of child labour and the apathetic attitude our society displays towards it.Children from various affiliate NGOs working with Childline India Foundation participated in the walk. Also participating were the students, faculty and administrative employees from the institute, along with the citizens of Koramangala. A column of Honda motorcycles took the initiative in heading the procession. A demonstration and a tutorial on safe riding were conducted by the representatives of Saphire-Honda for the girls studying in NMIMS. Honda banners and flags were displayed throughout the procession. Also, Honda's logo was displayed prominently on all publicity material, including T-shirts worn by Childline and NMIMS students.All proceeds from the event would be pledged in the name of NMIMS, Bengaluru and Honda towards Childline India Foundation, as a symbol of our support for the initiative undertaken by them.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15608998", "title": "Kerala to get first concrete \u2018hanging\u2019 bridge", "text": "KOLLAM: One may wonder why so many people turn up every day to watch the construction of a bridge over a water channel, connecting an isle named Edathuruthu to the mainland at Aayiramthengu near Alappad village in Kollam district. It is the sheer engineering marvel that is on display which attracts visitors to the site. The bridge, which will be opened soon, will be the first concrete suspension bridge in the state. Around 80 families living in Edathuruthu would benefit from the bridge.The 53-metre long bridge is being constructed on a single span that is attached to two 16-metre high towers on both sides. The arch-shaped bridge is being suspended using cables attached to the towers. There will not be any pillar support for the bridge.It was after the tsunami in 2004 that the locals demanded a bridge connecting Edathuruthu to the mainland. A year ago, the Alappad Panchayat had sanctioned Rs 4.32 crore towards the construction of a conventional bridge. However, fishermen in the area came out in protest against the bridge saying it would block the movement of big boats and ships along the channel which had been a shipping channel for years. The stalemate was resolved after Dr Aravindan of the Madras IIT came up with the suspension bridge concept.According to PWD assistant executive engineer (bridges) A Cini, the bridge is among the most difficult construction work ever undertaken by the bridges division of the department. \"More than 90% of the work has been completed and the bridge is expected to be commissioned by the end of September,\" Cini said.P S Neelalohitha Das, one of the two contractors involved in the construction said that they have braved all odds to make the bridge a reality. He said that contractors were initially reluctant to take up the work because they feared ending up making losses because of the difficulties involved. \"We faced many challenges, including getting special machines and trained labourers, while undertaking the work,\" Das said.Hundreds of people, including students from various engineering colleges and schools, visit the site every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610597", "title": "Strike hits banking operations hard in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Banking operation in the state on Wednesday was paralysed and many of the ATMs remained closed on the first day of the two-day strike called by the United Forum of Bank Unions. About 10 lakh bank employees in Bihar did not report to work as part of the nationwide strike against Khandelwal committee recommendations and outsourcing of banking services.People were seen in queues at several ATMs in the morning. However, a large number of the ATMs in the state capital were closed by afternoon. Businessmen and students were the worst sufferers as they could not get their bank drafts ready. In rural areas, many bank customers visited their respective branches as usual, only to return home disappointed.However, the State Bank of India claimed to have operated all its ATMs in Patna. CS Mishra, AGM-ATM, SBI, Patna circle, said, \"There are around 100 SBI ATMs in Patna and all were filled with capacity currency of around Rs 40 lakh each. Apart from this, the cash-filling vehicles will keep filling the ATMs in Patna and Bhagalpur.\"One bank official said, \"The good thing is that this is the third week of the month and the amount of money drawn is comparatively less than the first two weeks of any month.\"Meanwhile, president, All India State Bank Officers' Federation and general secretary, SBIOA, Patna circle, Anirudh Akhauri said, \"The proposed amendments to the Banking Regulation Act and Bank Nationalization Act are unwarranted and aimed at further deregulating the banking sector.\"General secretary of SBI Staff Association, Patna circle, Umesh Prasad Singh, said the bank staff had to resort to strike due to the government's apathy towards their demands, which include recruitment on compassionate ground.The branches of all public sector banks in Bihar remained closed and the clearing house could not function due to the strike, said Bank Employees' Federation, Bihar (BEFB) general secretary B Prasad. \"The agitating employees staged dharna in front of their respective branch offices and took out rallies in the towns in support of their demands,\" he said.\"The employees are also pressing for regularization of the services of 70,000 workers recruited by the State Bank of India (SBI) as business correspondents and business facilitators,\" Prasad said, adding, \"The relaxations in banking regulations will dilute the scope and status of public sector banks and influence the private domestic as well as foreign capital in the banking sector.\"Said PD Singh, convener, United Forum of Bank Unions, \"We are not against reform, but it should not be against the public sector banks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610629", "title": "Kiran Bedi lauds Nitish Kumar's commitment", "text": "PATNA: Kiran Bedi on Wednesday praised Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar for his commitment to deliver things in a time frame.\"I appreciated his commitment when Nitish said he would not seek votes in the next assembly elections if he failed to provide electricity to the people by then. No leader without conviction makes such commitment to the people. I've seen development in the state,\" Bedi said.Speaking on the sidelines of a seminar in the city, Bedi said, \"The recent CAG report has exposed a strong nexus of politicians, bureaucrats and corporate houses who have abused their power to serve their vested interests. Pickpocketing or small thefts are crime in this country but scams are considered as policy.\"Predicting that many skeletons would tumble out of the political cupboard of the country, Bedi said, \"Many more reports on corruption will come before the next general elections. Who will take care of it? Who will recover the money? That is why CBI should be free of any government interference.\"Commenting on the political initiative of Anna Hazare , Bedi said, \"He has just given an alternative to the people. The party will replace corrupt people in power with honest ones. Those who do not want to be a part of the political outfit can continue with the movement against corruption.\"When asked about Baba Ramdev's fast, Bedi said, \"Ramdev's agitation was also a success.\"About BJP disrupting the Parliament proceedings for the last two days, Bedi said, \"That will expose them more and people will teach them a lesson in 2014.\" On whether or not the PM should resign, she said, \"That is his call.\"When asked to compare development in Gujarat and Bihar, the retired IPS officer tersely replied, \"Only time will tell this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610092", "title": "SP govt went all out to spare Pradeep Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: All officers may be equal in the eyes of the law, but some, like Pradeep Shukla, are clearly more equal than their IAS colleagues. The 1981 batch bureaucrat who was jailed for his alleged involvement in the Rs 57,000 crore National Rural Health Mission scam during the BSP regime, has continued to enjoy uninterrupted political patronage even after the change of guard.Shukla was arrested by the CBI on May 10, 2012. Forty-eight hours after his arrest and subsequent imprisonment, the tainted bureaucrat was placed under deemed suspension under Section 3 (2A) of the All India Services (Discipline and Appeal) Rules 1969. According to another section of the same rules, the UP government should have forwarded a detailed report of the case to the Central government, \"ordinarily within a period of 15 days of the date on which the member of the Service is suspended or is deemed to have been suspended.'' Speaking to TOI on phone from New Delhi, senior officials in the ministry of personnel and grievances, on Wednesday, confirmed that no such report was sent from the UP government regarding Shukla's case.Shukla was also given preferential treatment when the state government denied prosecution sanction to the CBI for probing charges levelled against him in the NRHM scam. Under Section 197 of the Criminal Procedures Act, no government officers can be prosecuted without the prior approval of the cadre controlling authority, in this case, the UP government. Under the Prevention of Corruption Act, another law Shukla has been charged under, his prosecution needed sanctions both from the state and Central governments. With both clearances caught in the bureaucratic quagmire of the chief minister's secretariat, however, no file pertaining to Shukla's case ever made it to the Centre.If there was any doubt about the SP government's soft approach towards the 'tainted' officer, they were finally put to rest when senior SP leader and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav made an unscheduled halt at the Dasna jail-where Shukla was lodged-for an audience with the jailed officer a couple weeks before he was released. The visit was later brushed away as a minister's concern over the state of jails in UP.In fact, Shukla's case is murkier. Both he and his 1989 batch IAS officer wife Aradhana have been known to be close to the SP government from its previous regime. Well connected with top bureaucrats and political leaders, alike, the Shuklas have been among the few bureaucrats to have found favour, cutting across political parties and ideologies, with their connections spreading deep into the political and bureaucratic circles in New Delhi as well. Within the state, during Mulayam Singh Yadav's tenure as chief minister, Aradhana was posted for long as Lucknow DM. Shukla too, held the coveted posts in the appointment department, believed to be a politically sensitive post.Not surprisingly, his deemed suspension, over three months since it happened, has not come up for hearing in the suspension review committee which is headed by the state's chief secretary, with appointment secretary and chairman, revenue board as members. Under to the AIS Rules of 1969, monthly written reports on disciplinary actions, suspensions or decision revoking suspensions must be sent to the Centre. Once again, UP government failed to act. A senior bureaucrat, on condition of anonymity, said, \"The ultimate power to extend or revoke the suspension orders lie with the chief minister. If the deemed suspension has to be revoked in Shukla's case, it can now only be done through a written order.\" Top bureaucratic sources in UP also confirmed the tainted officer's file is still awaiting clearance from the CM's office.Now, with the high court questioning the state government's failure to act in Shukla's case, UP government might feel cornered for the first time. With no government order confirming suspension, no detailed report to back and no prosecution sanction to the investigation agency, the state government has only shown that how the government can go out of the way to help even a tainted babu if it really wants to, says a serving bureaucrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610476", "title": "PMC to dig borewells in housing societies", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Wednesday approved a policy decision to dig borewells on the premises of private housing societies for public use.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporators, Rupali Thombare-Patil and Prakash Dhore, had tabled the proposal. The duo stated that ground water in the premises of private housing societies in the city should be used for public purpose. The PMC should dig borewells with the society's permission and sign a contract with society to allow citizens other then society members to use the water.\"The PMC should first take a no objection certificate from the societies for the same,\" said Congress leader Arvind Shinde. NCP leader Subhash Jagtap assured that the PMC will sign a contract with the society. \"This decision has been taken considering water scarcity in the city,\" said Jagtap. All party corporators unanimously approved the resolution.Last month the PMC had announced its decision to take over all the wells and borewells in water scarcity zones in the city and open them for citizens' use to tide over the water shortage.The civic body plans to utilize 399 wells and 4,820 bore wells in the city. According to the Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA), 155 dug wells and 1,575 borewells in the city have potable drinking water.However, the general body (GB) did not approve another resolution tabled by a group of BJP corporators which stated that properties which have borewells should compulsorily have rainwater harvesting system. Ruling Congress and NCP leaders said that the municipal commissioner should table his observations on the proposal and only then the GB will take a decision on the same. The GB also deferred the decision to make rainwater harvesting compulsory to new constructions in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15608894", "title": "Heaviest rainfall in 31 years floods Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Heaviest downpours of more than three decades flooded large parts of the capital of desert state of Rajasthan on Wednesday, leaving eight people dead and forcing the administration to shut down schools.At least 14 people, including eight in Jaipur, two each in Jaipur rural and Dholpur and Dausa, were killed in the rain across the state.The downpour in Jaipur that lasted for two hours on Tuesday midnight recorded 17cm rainfall, the highest in a day in the last three decades. On July 23, 1981 the Pink City had witnessed 32.6cm rainfall in a single day. Flight operations were disrupted early on Wednesday as the Jaipur airport was flooded. The runway was, however, cleared later in the day.Several other places of the state witnessed heavy downpour with Niwai near Tonk receiving the highest rainfall of 25cm, followed by Sapotara and Sawaimadhopur 21cm each, Udaipurwati and Lalsoth 19cm, Laxmangarh 18cm, Neem Ka Thana 16cm, Shahpura 15cm, Amer and Malsidar 14cm each, Viratnagar and Behror 13cm each.Rail and road transport was disrupted across the state. While trains were running late, several buses were cancelled, especially the ones going to Agra as the highway was flooded.District officials were put on alert with the Met department predicting more rainfall in the coming days. \"It was the highest rainfall of this season in Jaipur. The city had witnessed 32.6cm rainfall in 1981 and 18.8cm in 1959,\" said SS Singh, director, Jaipur Met office.Jaipur collector Navin Mahajan said, \"At least 20,000 food packets were distributed. Several teams have been formed to oversee relief operations and ascertain the damages.\"The heavy rain washed away the railings of the Man Sagar lake near the Jal Mahal in Jaipur. Several vehicles, including night buses, got stranded near Jal Mahal. Many low-lying areas in Jaipur were flooded and power supply was hit. At least 200 houses in and around Jaipur were collapsed and more than 2,000 people were evacuated.\"Senior police officers were monitoring the situation to check any untoward incidents. We asked all police stations in the state capital to remain alert,\" said BL Soni, Jaipur police commissioner.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called up chief minister Ashok Gehlot who directed senior state government officials to speed up relief operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15609736", "title": "Villager builds toilet but left high &amp; dry", "text": "MYSORE: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh during his visit to Yelheri village in backward Yadgir district four days ago suggested women reject prospective grooms if they have no toilets at home. But officials of rural bodies don't seem to realize the importance of his statement. They're not even helping people help themselves.Like Jayamma who lives in remote Kundanahalli village of Periyapattan taluk. Through the intervention of the Prime Minister's Office, she got a toilet sanctioned but is running from pillar to post to get the money released for the one she built.The old lady was fed up with the callous attitude to her demand for a toilet since 2010 at her newly built Ashraya house in Janata Colony. On May 5, 2012, she wrote to the Prime Minister seeking his intervention. The PMO sent a letter dated June 6 to the Karnataka chief secretary suggesting he redress her grievance. The chief secretary directed the taluk panchyat to look into the matter. Taluk panchayat and gram panchayat officials directed her to build the toilet pending release of money from the government.Jayamma built the toilet but is trapped in debt as she borrowed from a money lender for it. On Wednesday, her husband Shivanna presented a letter to ZP officials here asking them to release the money given to people who build toilets at their houses in rural areas.The government gives Rs 10,000 to each beneficiary to build a toilet and of this Rs 4,500 comes to a beneficiary from MNREGS, Rs 3,500 as a subsidy from central government, Rs 1,500 from a private company in Mumbai and Rs 800 subsidy from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610158", "title": "Promotion quotas: Govt readies for legal tightrope", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is resigned to the Supreme Court taking a long, hard look at the proposed constitutional amendments to restore quota in promotions for SCs and STs.The government's fears came true when quota proponents told the all-party meeting called to discuss the tricky issue that the Constitution should explicitly lay down that criteria of 'backwardness' and 'adequate representation' was not applicable to dalits.The legal brains in Congress apprehend that such an attempt would challenge the apex court's detailed judgments stressing that states have to show with \"quantifiable data\" that benefitting communities were backward and inadequately represented in services to deserve affirmative action. Doing away with them would require a deft touch.The concern is uppermost in government's mind, a reason why it stressed on \"legally sustainable amendments\" and BJP's Sushma Swaraj too touched the issue.At the root of the dilemma is the fact that the apex court has upheld the clutch of amendments enabling promotion quota, but added two conditions to make it sustainable. The beneficiaries should be 'backward', implying a sense of creamy layer, and inadequately represented in services to merit 'positive discrimination'.The Union law ministry earlier refused to challenge the Nagaraj judgment of 2006, which started the spate of petitions against promotion quota.The law ministry had told National Commission for SCs that there was no ground for appeal since the court had upheld promotion quota, a reply which ignored concerns in dalit quarters over the top court laying down \"backwardness\" and \"adequate representation\" as compulsory conditions. For government to now say it wants to remove these conditions would require some explaining.Sources said government would have to creatively craft the amendments to ensure that they are judicially risk-free. The government is likely to discuss it with the opposition, especially BJP.Given the concerns, the final shape of the amendment remains uncertain. A key opposition leader said some parties that have agreed for constitutional change may advocate retaining the condition of \"adequate representation\" since no open-ended quota would pass muster with the top court.Such a stance, however, would be politically counter-productive for Congress since it would trigger hostile reaction from dalit outfits like BSP, LJP and vocal dalit activists. Congress cannot do a Samajwadi Party which is resigned to dalit votes going to arch-rival BSP in UP.Political compulsions played a key role in why mainstream outfits like Congress and BJP voted for restoring the quota despite their upper caste lobbies piling pressure to the contrary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608818", "title": "Don moves chancellor to oust Deshmukh", "text": "NAGPUR: Irked by Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal taking no action to remove a rejected candidate from the selection panel for university registrar, academic council member MD Chaudhary has filed a formal appeal with chancellor K Sankaranarayan in the matter.TOI had first reported how science faculty dean Kishor Deshmukh was nominated on selection panel despite being rejected twice for the post after being found \"unsuitable\". NU PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment diverting all the queries to chancellor's office. Chaudhary write to chancellor under Section 9(4) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, appealing to him to set aside NU Management Council decision to nominate Deshmukh on the selection panel as it was \"unethical\". He stated that rejected candidate's nomination was not in the interest of the university and was against moral values.According to him, even Supreme, high and lower court judges recused themselves from the cases that pertain to matters where they were directly or indirectly involved. But Deshmukh had steadfastly refused to do so despite media highlighting the issue and this had brought much disgrace to the university and also raised doubts on its functioning.Chaudhary stated he had earlier written to VC to use his powers under Section 14(6) of the Act to keep Deshmukh's appointment in \"abeyance\" or ask the Management Council nominate another member. Since VC failed to act, he had approached the chancellor's office. The interviews are to be held on September 4.Controversies related to this post are not new as NU has failed to find a \"suitable\" registrar for the last three years. NU has already spent Rs2 lakh on conducting two rounds of interviews for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609563", "title": "School relents, agrees to provide bus service", "text": "NASHIK: The authorities of Rasbihari International School (RIS) on Wednesday agreed to provide bus services for the students who had not paid the revised fees after the RTO and the deputy director of education intervened, following complaints from parents.The RIS had allegedly hiked the fees by 63% and refused to provide bus services to students who failed to pay the fees. Parents, however, were ready to pay for the bus. On Wednesday, the parents stopped the school bus in Ozar when the bus driver refused to take the children.The bus driver was taken to the police station by the Ozar police and the school administration was summoned by police inspector H B Deore. \"We told the administration in front of the police that we were ready to pay for the bus. Deore asked them to accept the bus fee and transport the students,\" said S K Jain, a parent.Parents and volunteers of Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) met the regional transport officer, Chandrakant Kharatmal, to sort out the matter. Kharatmal asked the parents to meet the deputy director of education, T N Supe. The parents also informed the PI of Panchvati police station, Bajirao Bhosale.\"Supe asked the school authorities to accept the bus fees and provide bus service to all. An RTO squad also visited the school. The authorities said they would provide bus service till September 5, when Supe will take a decision about the fee,\" said Chhaya Deo of FACE.School manager Madhav Deshpande said that after the deputy director assured them that a decision would be taken on September 5, the authorities decided to provide buses for students who paid for it. He added that RIS had nothing to do with the RTO and that being summoned by cops was a minor issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612927", "title": "Katie Holmes gets $15 m and a home for her and Suri", "text": "Tom Cruise's marriage to Katie Holmes is officially over, just a month and a half after the couple separated.According to a leading website, a New York judge signed off on the final judgement yesterday. Holmes lodged the legal papers to end her five-year marriage in June, despite the couple's prior portrayal of themselves as the perfect Hollywood family.The 33-year-old cited 'irreconciliable differences' for the split and requested sole legal custody and primary residential custody of the couple's six-year-old daughter, Suri.The two released a joint statement last month, saying, \"We are committed to working together as parents to accomplish what is in our daughter Suri's best interests.We want to keep matters affecting our family private and express our respect for each other's commitment to our beliefs.\"  It is not known how the couple's fortune, believed to be worth around $275 million, was divided. The terms of the prenup were understood to be clear -- for each year the couple were married, Holmes collected $3million - to a maximum of $33 million after 11 years, as well as a substantial amount of property. If their marriage had lasted more than 11 years, Holmes would have received half of Cruises' $250 million fortune.After filing for divorce less than six years later, according to the agreement, Katie should only be entitled to $15 million, plus a home for her and Suri.While her own career is substantial, it is dwarfed by A-lister Cruise's huge success at the box office. It is clear both Cruise and Holmes are already moving on with their lives.Last Wednesday, removal trucks were spotted at the Bel Air mansion the pair once shared. The movers were reportedly taking her belongings and moving them to an undisclosed storage unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611121", "title": "SJMC session begins with sapling plantation", "text": "INDORE: To mark the start of a new session, a plantation ceremony was organized at the School of Journalism and Mass Communication (SJMC), DAVV, on Wednesday. Various city-based journalists from electronic and print media were present on this occasion. They showed their support by planting saplings of different species on the college campus.Man Singh Parmar, head of department, said \"We have taken an initiative at our campus to start a green revolution. Five students from our department will be given the responsibility to grow a plant and take care till it grows into a tree.\" He said that around 75 saplings were planted in the campus on this occasion. DAVV vice-chancellor D P Singh, said \"This initiative has been taken for the betterment of the university. The motive of university is to give its students a pollution-free green environment.Many Journalism students present on the occasion planted trees and took a pledge to protect and look after them.Ravi Sisodiya, a mass communication student, said \"This is my last year in college but I plan to come here even after I graduate to look after the mango tree I have planted.\" Another student, Dheeraj Punyasi, said \"We have started our session with this plantation and will take care of all the saplings everyday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611188", "title": "Refuse, an invitation to infection", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has garbage bins all over the city! But as day progresses, heaps of refuse dumped in bins and around the iron container keep on getting bigger in size, providing fertile ground for infection and bug too. City residents have long been complaining of stink and mess and as the weather dries-experts suggest that the health hazards would multiply many times.Let alone slums, just taking a look around 'posh' colonies of the city, waste management lies in a state of mess! Overflowing dustbins or just garbage spread by rag pickers - all dump is a breeding ground for bacteria associated with some of the most common stomach disorders and illness. Not just children and elderly, adults are equally at risk.\"Disease by infection spreads when one comes in contact with touching contaminated surfaces. Airborne droplets too cause infection,\" said gastroenterologist Dr Sanjay Kumar of Gastro Care.Experts say typhoid, jaundice, gastroenteritis, Hepatitis A and E are all linked to prevailing hygiene in any area.\"Basic primary health care is directly related to the prevailing civic conditions. Without collaboration of municipal corporation, health department and community, hygienic conditions cannot be achieved,\" said Mukesh Sinha executive director, MP voluntary health association.Burning rubbish is no solution. Burning waste could fill the air with potentially lethal chemicals, including dioxins, toxic substances that can cause tumours and birth defects, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15613160", "title": "Officer injured in Wisconsin gurdwara shooting discharged from hospital", "text": "WASHINGTON: The police officer who was injured during the Wisconsin gurdwara shootout early this month has been discharged from the hospital, while one Sikh worshipper remains critically ill even three weeks after the attack.Lt Brian Murphy was released from the hospital on Wednesday on the eve of the Oak Creek visit of US First Lady Michelle Obama.\"Lt Brian Murphy has been released from the hospital. He asks that members of the media respect his request for privacy as he continues to heal from his injuries,\" the hospital said in a statement.It said one wounded worshipper, Punjab Singh, remains hospitalised in critical condition.Murphy was shot multiple times when he tried to save the lives of Sikh worshippers when a lone white supremacist gunman, identified as Wade Michael Page, went on a rampage killing six people in gurdwara on August 5.Page later succumbed to self-inflicted injuries, the police said, which is yet to determine the cause of the shootout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609248", "title": "Goa vulnerable to tsunami shocks", "text": "PANAJI: A tsunami, occurring even up to a travel distance of eight hours away, could hit Goa. The state is also vulnerable to storm surges, due to local coastline and estuarine topography, finds a study by national institute of oceanography (NIO).\"When the tsunami arrived in Goa after breaking out in Sumatra in September 2007, it manifested at the Mandovi estuary as a weak tsunami, but revealed well-defined tsunami characteristics,\" an NIO publication says. The gigantic wave travelled nearly eight hours from the eastern region in the Sunda trench to Goa on the west coast of India.The study by Anthony Joseph, Prakash Mehra and others was published in the Natural Hazards and Earth System Sciences Journal of the European Geoscience Union recently.After the December 26, 2004, tsunami that caused immense devastation and is believed to have killed over 2,30,000 people in 14 countries, NIO's marine instrumentation wing set up an integrated coastal observation network (ICON) of sea-level stations to monitor sea level and sea water temperature oscillations at several locations, including Verem.The study was based on data gathered at the mouth of the Mandovi estuary at Verem. It combined atmospheric information, such as winds and atmospheric pressure , based on measurements from near-real time reporting.\"As the waves arrived from Sumatra, they were additionally amplified inside Aguada bay of the Mandovi estuary due to harbour resonance,\" Joseph, who retired from NIO last month, said.Any water body has its own resonance frequency, depending on its length, breadth and depth. \"When the estuary is forced from external waves caused by atmospheric disturbances like a tsunami, those waves entering the harbour or the estuary may cause amplified oscillations,\" a scientist explained.The atmospheric disturbance propagating over the ocean surface is able to generate significant long ocean waves by continuously pumping energy into these waves, the study says.Goa was not much affected by the 2007 tsunami, but its coastline is still vulnerable. \"If a storm passes in the vicinity of Mandovi estuary, one can expect some impact of it,\" Joseph said. When cyclone Phyan struck in November 2009, many mechanized fishing trawlers sank off Goa coast, though the damage and casualties were more off Ratnagiri coast.The scientific community was in the dark about water-temperature oscillations in response to earthquakes due to lack of routine time-series measurements, before these stations were set up. \"Routine water temperature measurements at Verem at 5-minutes intervals provided some interesting results about water temperature oscillations in response to the preparation and occurrence of the September 12, 2007, Sumatra earthquake,\" Joseph said.The NIO team has suggested that real-time reporting systems measuring this probable earthquake precursor could be implemented in future earthquake/tsunami early-warning systems.INFOBOXIncreased water level elevation in the Mandovi estuary up to approximately 40 cm during cyclone Yemnin in June 2007, and 47 cm during cyclone Phyan in November 20092007 Sumatra tsunami caused oscillations of up to approximately plus or minus 15 cm in sea-level at about 43-minutes interval at VeremGoa coast also susceptible to events in the seismic region of Makran near Pakistan in the Arabian Sea as it is within the direct range", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611227", "title": "UN award for MPSTDC", "text": "BHOPAL: MP Tourism State Development Corporation (MPSTDC) has bagged the National Tourism 2012 constituted by the United Nation World Tourism Organization.The award was conferred at Climate Change and Sustainable Tourism and Safari India National Tourism awards ceremony held recently at New Delhi. It was organized by Pacific Area Travel Writers Association, a corporation spokesman said. MP State Tourism Development Corporation was awarded with Safari India's National Tourism Award 2012 for best destination for all seasons.It was received by the chairman of MPSTDC Mohan Yadav in the presence of chief general manager of the corporation O V Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15611262", "title": "Prove charge, take Rs 2 crore cheque, Azmi tells MNS chief", "text": "MUMBAI: Samajwadi Party state president and MLA Abu Azmi on Wednesday announced a Rs 2-crore award if Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray proved that his voters in Govandi-Shivaji Nagar included Bangladeshis. Thackeray had alleged that Azmi won the assembly elections with Bangladeshi votes at Azad Maidan on Tuesday.Azmi told journalists on Wednesday that he challenged him to prove the presence of at least one lakh Bangladeshis in Mumbai. \"If he fails, he should give up politics,\" Azmi said.Azmi, who Thackeray had made one of the targets during his speech, wondered how a Bangladeshi passport reached him. \"He should have submitted the passport to the police,\" he said. Thackeray had flung a Bangladeshi passport in the air while saying that Bangladeshis and foreigners were behind the August 11 violence outside Azad Maidan.On why he had not announced an award for anyone who gave information about vandals who destroyed the 1857 martyrs\" memorial outside Azad Maidan, Azmi said he condemned vandalism but no one could dictate to him whom he should give awards.One of the richest legislators in the state, Azmi had given Rs 1.5 lakh to the family of Altaf Shaikh, one of two people killed in police firing during the August 11 protest rally. \"We don\"t know if he was part of the mob. His family is very poor and I have supported them on humanitarian grounds,\" Azmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15611077", "title": "Govt launches measures to tackle water scarcity", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government has initiated a series of measures to deal with the situation arising out of water scarcity in 91 talukas of the state. The main thrust is on cultivation, acquisition and distribution of fodder which has emerged as a major challenge.At a cabinet meeting held in the state capital on Wednesday, the government has decided to open fodder depots for a cluster of villages covering a radius 15 kilometres so that fodder can be made easily available to the farmers. In addition to this, it has been decided to procure 5 crore kilograms of fodder by floating tenders in the open market.\"Procurement of fodder would not be a problem as there has been a substantial amount of rain in central and south Gujarat,\" cabinet minister Jay Narayan Vyas said.Another decision taken at the meeting was to provide a daily relief of Rs 25 per cattle head at panjrapoles and gaushalas. This relief is to be given to recognized institutions and trusts with the permission of mamlatdars.Vyas further stated that 11 lakh kg of fodder has already been distributed at a price of Rs 2 per kg in the scarcity-hit areas of Saurashtra, Kutch and north Gujarat. Orders have been given to provide fodder at this rate through the fodder depots in the days to come.To encourage fodder cultivation, the government has already started implementation of a scheme worth Rs 80 crores under which free seeds and fertilizers are being provided to farmers and institutions. The government has promised to pay Rs 5,000 per hectare as an incentive to the farmers undertaking fodder cultivation. In addition to this gram panchayats removing babul and substituting it with fodder on gauchar lands up to five hectares would be given a grant of Rs 20,000 per hectare.Vyas said, \"Approval for cultivating fodder will be given to individual farmers up to 2.5 acres and to voluntary organizations and trusts up to 25 acres on the land belonging to Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited that is adjacent to the Narmada canal. For this the water would be made available free of cost for one year.\"The state government has also decided to bear the entire cost of drip irrigation facility and do away with the charges paid by farmers for using 2,322 wells of Water Resource Development Corporation.Meanwhile approval has been granted to Agriculture Produce Market Committees (APMCs) to provide up to Rs 50 lakh from the market fund with the consent of taluka committees for dealing with water scarcity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612720", "title": "Farah needs a perfect bar dancer for Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "The leading lady for Shah Rukh Khan in Farah Khan's upcoming directorial, Happy New Year, is literally a tall order. The girl needs to be tall, sexy, fresh and most importantly, a good dancer.After all, she has to portray the character of a bar dancer. \"And I don't mean the kind who can perform the usual dance floor movements. I want a heroine who is well versed with film dancing.Like a bar dancer, she needs to groove to all the popular Hindi film songs. She should look comfortable dancing and not cheap of cheesy,\" specified Farah.What's more, the actress also needs to good with action. \"The leading lady in my film has some outstanding action sequences.Where will I find this exceptional blend of grace and guts?\" Farah, who is urgently searching for a heroine, told TOI With the film scheduled to go on floors in December, Farah is getting a tad bit worried. Her only consolation - her capability to find actors in the last minute. \"I was ready to go on the floors with Main Hoon Na and I was still looking for actors. I found Zayed Khan and Amrita Rao just two weeks before shooting began. So I am sure this bar girl will show up soon,\" said the filmmaker confidently.About the bar dancer's special moves, she added, \"I can never do anything cheesy. So the steps would be provocative and tantalizing. But not vulgar. I think Sheila ki jawaani was just what I would describe as sensuous and aesthetic. That's the kind of dance my bar girl in Happy New Year would be seen doing.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610427", "title": "Rain deficiency in central Maharashtra, Marathwada", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has said that Marathwada and Central Maraharashtra are the regions worst affected due to poor rains this monsoon.The IMD also said that no major revival in rainfall activity is expected in the scarcity affected areas in the near future.Out of the four regions in the state, namely Marathwada, Central Maraharashtra, Konkan (including Goa) and Vidarbha, Marathwada and Central Maharashtra have received \"deficient\" rainfall, while Vidarbha as well as Konkan have recorded \"normal\" rainfall.The figures compiled by IMD in these regions from June 1 till August 15 showed that Vidarbha received 599 mm rainfall as against the average normal figure of 641.1 mm, Marathwada received 254.7 mm rainfall as against its normal of 415 mm, Central Maharashtra recorded 387 mm rain compared to the normal average of 490.9 mm, while Konkan recorded 1,922 mm rainfall compared to the normal of 2,247.6 mm.Medha Khole, deputy director general (meteorology), IMD, said, \"The unsuitable movement of low pressure belts in Bay of Bengal and the low intensity of the troughs, which were formed in the Arabian Sea, caused poor rainfall in the Central Maharashtra and Marathwada regions. The low intensity of the troughs, which were formed in the Arabian Sea, also resulted in subdued rainfall activity in these areas.\"Khole said if the low pressure belts in the Bay of Bengal would have moved northwest it would have caused good rainfall in regions such as Central Maharashtra and Marathwada. However, most of the low pressure belts that were formed during the monsoon travelled in the west direction. \"Also, the intensity of most of the off-shore troughs that were formed in the Arabian Sea was lower than normal. Had the intensity been more, we could have seen good rainfall in Central Maharashtra and Marathwada,\" she added.Data available with the IMD said that Jalna was worst hit since it received 59% less rainfall, followed by Mumbai city with 53% less rain, Aurangabad with 45% less rain and Beed with 44% lower rainfall.Meanwhile, Khole said, \"There are very less chances of a major revival of the monsoon in these areas in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608934", "title": "Mamata refuses to discuss FDI at UPA meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government's plan to ease foreign investment rules for multi-brand retail and civil aviation, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday refused to discuss the issue at the UPA coordination committee meeting, citing protocol.The West Bengal chief minister, who returned to the meeting of the coalition partners, told the gathering that according to the rules of engagement, allies should be alerted in advance about any issue that is put on the agenda. She is learnt to have said that she could not discuss the issue without consulting her party colleagues.The committee, however, approved amendments to the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act to effectively combat money laundering and terror financing and declare such crimes as terrorist acts.Through the proposed amendment, the government intends to make UAPA more effective in preventing unlawful financial activities, money laundering, terror financing and circulation of fake Indian currency notes.But Banerjee retained her status as the chief opponent of the government's reforms plan, forcing it to put on hold decisions regarding allowing foreign stores to set up multi-brand outlets in India and permitting foreign airlines to acquire up to 49% stake in Indian carriers.But her decision to join the UPA coordination meeting had raised expectations that Congress leaders would convince her to soften her stance, if not drop her protests altogether. Defence minister A K Anthony was even flown to Kolkata to get her on board but Banerjee is still to agree to the proposal. Commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma has told industry captains that the government is planning to announce an FDI package around mid-September.Banerjee's support on the twin issues on which a decision is pending is critical given that Samajwadi Party, Left, Janata Dal (United) and Biju Janata Dal have made public their position against allowing 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, a decision that UPA was forced to put on the backburner in November following the Trinamool chief's protests.The government is keen to push the FDI proposals to signal to overseas investors that the Manmohan Singh government is back with a reforms mindset after unleashing a series of tax law changes that hurt investment sentiment.Apart from FDI, at the UPA coordination committee meeting, DMK raised concerns on the procurement of copra and demanded that Nafed be assigned the task. Sources said agriculture minister Sharad Pawar agreed to the proposal although a plea to raise the minimum support price for paddy was turned down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610424", "title": "Water-borne diseases claimed more lives in state this year: Report", "text": "PUNE: The number of deaths caused by water-borne diseases increased almost three-fold in Maharashtra between April 2012 and August 2012, says a state health department report. In all, 41 people succumbed to jaundice, gastroenteritis and diarrhoea during this period, as against 16 deaths in all of last year.In the last six months, there have been 69 outbreaks of water-borne diseases in which 8,705 people fell ill and 41 died, says the report. There were 31 outbreaks of diarrhoea followed by gastroenteritis (26), jaundice (9), cholera (2) and typhoid (1).The number is quite high considering that, for the whole of 2011, there were 83 outbreaks in which 4,410 were ill with water-borne illnesses and 16 died.\"Among the waterborne disease, jaundice claimed the highest number of lives (29) between April 2012 and August 2012,\" said Pradip Awate, state surveillance officer. Twenty-four of the deaths occurred during a hepatitis E outbreak in Ichalkaranji in June this year caused by contaminated water supply,\" he said.Ichalkaranji, which has a population of 3 lakh, receives 80% water supply from the Krishna river and the remaining from the Panchganga river. In April, supply from the Krishna river was stopped due to repair and maintenance work. The town had to make do with water from the Panchganga river, which is highly polluted and this led to the outbreak.The other jaundice deaths occurred in the rural areas of Kolhapur (3), Sindhudurg (1) and Nashik (1).\"Gastroenteritis claimed nine lives in the state, including one in Bhor in Pune district, and diarrhoea claimed three lives,\" said Awate.The high incidence of water-borne diseases corroborates another recent report by the State Public Health Laboratory (SPHL), which indicated that much of the state's water was unfit for drinking, due to a significant percentage of microbial and faecal contamination.As per the state health department's report, there are 20 districts where the water contamination level is quite high. These are Aurangabad, Nanded, Latur, Yeotmal, Jalna, Parbhani, Raigad, Hingoli, Mumbai, Beed, Akola, Washim, Bhandara, Osmanabad, Nashik, Thane, Sindhudurg and Dhule.What is deplorable is the fact that deaths due to water-borne diseases are completely preventable. Most of these illnesses and deaths can be prevented through simple, inexpensive measures. Safe water supply and adequate sanitation to protect health are among the basic human rights. Ensuring their availability would contribute immeasurably to health and productivity for development, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610367", "title": "Mayawati wants statute change to help dalits", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP wants the Constitution to embed \"backwardness\" in the very definition of SCs and STs, a step that would preempt the need to prove them backward for availing reservation in promotion.In a radical move, BSP has suggested that Article 341 and 342 should add a proviso that castes declared as SCs and STs will be \"deemed to be backward for all purposes\". The two articles define the list of communities to be considered dalits and tribals.Embedding \"backwardness\" in the SC/ST lists would remove the criteria that anyway dalits argue is relevant only for OBCs.The apex court recently said in order to give promotion quota, states have to prove with \"quantifiable data\" that dalits are backward and without sufficient share in public services. The court order led many states to stop promotion quota, triggering a crisis. A tearing assault by BSP chief Mayawati forced the Centre to think of constitutional amendments to restore quota.While the Centre is wary that fresh constitutional amendments overturning apex court-laid conditions may again run afoul of the judiciary, Mayawati and confidant S C Mishra have given \"draft amendments\" they believe would pass muster with the courts.Besides inserting \"backwardness\", BSP has suggested minimal deletion and addition in Article 16 (4A) which enables quota in promotion.Section 16(4A) says, \"Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision for reservation in matters of promotion... in favour of SCs/STs which, in the opinion of the State, are not adequately represented in the services under the State.\"According to a note, the Centre should delete the part talking about \"not adequately represented\" and replace it with \"to the extent of percentage of reservation provided to SC/ST in services of state\".Besides removing the need to prove representation, it would clarify that the promotion quota relates to SC/STs and even earmarks the quantum to be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609507", "title": "Truncated panel named for Nandi awards", "text": "HYDERABAD: Most of the usual faces have gone missing from the prestigious Nandi film awards committee for the year 2011.According to sources, those who served on the committee two consecutive times have not been considered this time. And it is curtains for those who were part of the committee three times in the past. Their names were kept aside this time and they will never make it to the committee again.It is learnt that several people, especially those dying to be on the committee for reasons of their own, wrote applications to the AP State Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation (APSFTVTDC) asking for their names to be considered though the corporation never called for such applications. It is said that the applicants are bound to use some influence to get into the committee.With a new criteria being implemented from this time, most hopefuls were disappointed. The corporation forwarded the applications to the government which, however, has taken its own decision on forming the committee.\"We have introduced new criteria from this year but will lay down more concrete norms in appointing members to the committee,\" managing director of the corporation R V Chandravadan said.In another major shift from tradition, the number of film awards committee members has also been trimmed down to 13 from 18. The committee comprises of writers, lyricists, producers, journalists, lecturers, directors and social workers.In another first, a cinematographer, S Gopal Reddy, has been appointed chairman of the Nandi film awards committee. It was a tradition to chose either a producer or a director for the top post.TOI has learnt that lyricist from Telangana Goreti Venkanna has expressed his unwillingness to be on the committee. He is reported to have conveyed that since his entries would also be in the fray for the awards it would not be appropriate for him to be on the committee.The first meeting of the committee will be held on August 23.While S Gopal Reddy is the chairman, other members are: Dr Ampasayya Naveen, Prof K Anandan, K Basi Reddy, Karunakar Gopini, Man Mohan Reddy, Mohan Goteti, Dr Raasani V R, Ramani Balabhadrapatruni, Shailendra Kumari Duvvuri, Sridhar Allani, Goreti Venkanna and managing director of APSFTVTDC R V Chandravadan as the member/convener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610432", "title": "Lens on pupils as exam room keys go missing", "text": "MUMBAI: Some students of Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute are in the eye of a storm after the exam room keys went missing on August 16. According to sources, last Thursday some persons distracted the security officer and allegedly made away with the exam room keys.An official from the institute confirmed the incident but said nothing had gone missing from the exam office. \"A probe was conducted and a report is ready. The keys were recovered but some people are under suspicion,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609620", "title": "AP govt moves SC in DGP case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh government on Wednesday filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court challenging the AP high court's order which upheld the Central Administrative Tribunal's (CAT) decision quashing the appointment of director general of police V Dinesh Reddy as the head of police force (HoPF).In the SLP, the state appealed to the apex court to quash the HC orders on the grounds that Dinesh Reddy was appointed to the post keeping in mind the long tenure in his service. The high court had asked the government to continue Dinesh Reddy as in-charge DGP till alternative arrangements were made.The HC had also directed the government to send a new list of DGP-rank IPS officers to the Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC) within two weeks, which would short-list three candidates for facilitating the appointment of a new DGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15610856", "title": "'Osama lair carved out of Pak army academy; ISI man helped in hunt'", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a fresh damning disclosure, a new book has claimed that Abbottabad house where al-Qaida chief lived was \"carved out\" from Pakistan military academy compound and its powerful army chief may have been briefed beforehand on the 'kill Osama mission'.'Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him', penned by US journalist Richard Miniter claims that land of the Abbottabad compound, where Osama bin Laden lived, was \"carved out\" from the elite military academy compound.The book also claims that army chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani may have been briefed by the US on its operation to kill bin Laden, some five months in advance.\"Pakistan's army chief of staff may have been briefed in December 2010, five months before the nighttime raid on bin Laden's concrete castle. Far from taking a risk, there are indications that a cover story had been developed with the Pakistani military and that (Barack) Obama had their tacit consent for the mission,\" claims Miniter , a former reporter with The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post.The book also says a colonel in the Pakistan's spy agency ISI had provided vital help to the CIA in tracing bin Laden. \"A colonel in Pakistan's feared intelligence service, the Inter-Services Institute or ISI, provided vital help in locating Bin Laden when he walked into the CIA's Islamabad station in August 2010,\" says the book.\"Pakistan was more involved in the bin Laden operation than Obama's team admitted. When the CIA revealed that an ISI colonel had contacted the CIA in Islamabad and offered information about bin Laden, a debate followed,\" it says. \"Was this a secret sign that the head of the ISI himself was pointing out bin Laden's hiding place or was the colonel actually the patriot who hated extremism that he claimed to be? Whatever the motivation, the CIA found bin Laden's hiding place within a month of the colonel's visit.\"\"There was talk about devising a cover story that would allow Pakistan to be helpful while keeping its leaders from political harm.\"The story, according to an official with knowledge of the White House discussion, was that bin Laden was killed in a drone strike and that the US later sent in a team to recover the body. That was believed to be less politically harmful than a commando team treading on Pakistan's soil,\" Minter says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "15608171", "title": "Need an auto in Manipal? Just make a phone call", "text": "MANIPAL: If you simply give a call to tours and travel agencies, cabs will come at your doorsteps in cities. But in Manipal, autorickshaws come at the doorsteps of students.This small town which is home to 26,000 students beats the normal perception one has of auto drivers who fleece passengers and don't ply autos to some areas. In Manipal, the Autorickshaw Drivers and Owners Association had installed landline phones with only incoming call facility in 10 autorickshaw stands in 2006 to provide service to students round the clock.Autorickshaws are the primary means of transport for students, especially in June-September during heavy rain.Manipal ADOA president Satish Salian said since students are in hurry to travel to their respective colleges, hostels, rooms and flats, the service of autos to doorsteps was introduced six years ago. Even today phone numbers of auto-stands have been pasted in different parts of the campus and town to provide better service to students. On an average, each auto stand receives around 100 calls per day and during weekends, the number of calls touches nearly 500.Abhishek Kochhar, a third year electronics and communication engineering student, said, \"Service of autos to doorsteps is very helpful for students, particularly during monsoon because students rush from their respective places to colleges.\"Anil Kamath, who is pursuing mechanical engineering, said, \"For doorstep service, drivers charge only Rs 5 extra. But whenever we call drivers they come to our place within minutes any day at anytime.\" In some instances where students have met with road accident, auto drivers have even arrived on the spot within five minutes, all after a phone call to auto-stands.However, nowadays auto drivers have stopped giving their mobile numbers to students in this education town, which comprises 22 auto stands. Drivers have been directed not to give mobile numbers, Salian said. Auto driver Suresh Naik told TOI that since many students were friendly with them, the autorickshaw drivers shared their mobile numbers. But of late, instead of calling autorickshaw stands, students began calling their mobile phones. \"We have stopped answering calls on mobiles because many a times when they call us, we would be taking other commuters to their respective destinations and cannot reach the pick-up spot on time,\" Suresh said. Ramesh K, another auto driver, said he changed his mobile number as he was getting too many calls from students even during odd hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15610394", "title": "IIT hopefuls to be shortlisted from all categories", "text": "MUMBAI: Not all the 1.5 lakh students that will be shortlisted from the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) - Main to appear for the JEE - Advanced exam will be from the open category.The official notification released by the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) said the 1.5 lakh students who will qualify for the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE)-Advanced test will include students from all categories.While faculty members are still not clear about the break-up, students from different reservation categories who are included under the reservation policy - SC, ST and OBC - will be among the 1.5 lakh shortlisted candidates.Admissions to IITs will be based only on category-wise All India Rank (AIR) in JEE-Advanced in each category, the notification stated. Usually, IITs follow 15% reservation for SC, 7 and a half% for ST and 27% for OBC candidates. \"We are not sure if they will divide 1.5 lakh into open category and reserved categories, or they would have some other mechanism for the cut-offs,\" said a faculty member of IIT-B.Since, weightage is also given to students' performance in boards, the notification said the students who have appeared for their class XII in 2012 and wish to improve upon their performance can re-appear for their boards in 2013. The Central Board of Secondary Education and the state boards would make appropriate arrangements to facilitate this through a special dispensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611260", "title": "Civic body proposes three TP schemes on Outer Ring Road", "text": "SURAT: In order to speed up the development work around the 66 km Outer Ring Road, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has started preparing the blueprint for three town planning schemes in the areas of the road falling within its limits.The proposal for three new TP schemes will come up in this week's town planning committee meeting of SMC.The Outer Ring Road, which is proposed by Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA), mainly passes through agricultural land where the portions that fall within SMC are Variyav, Kosad, and Mota Varachha. The decision is already taken to develop residential zones on both the sides of the ring road up to 500 meters and TP schemes have been proposed to to develop these zones in planned way.The three new TP schemes are TP 83 for Kosad and Variyav sprawing 274 Hectors, TP 84 for Mota Varacha, Kosad and Abrama over 281 hectors and TP 85 for Sarthana in 130 hectors of land.\"We have started this process as we want to speedily execute the work. We have not received any objections from any body on Outer Ring Road and development of 500 meters of area on both the sides,\" said Manoj Das, municipal commissioner, who is also the chairman of SUDA.\"Whatever objection we have received from builders' body is about seeking higher free floor space index (FSI),\" he said.Outer Ring Road is to come up circling the city and will be 66 km long including 37 km of existing roads. New roads will come up in 29 km area of which 7.5 km will be in SMC area whereas remaining 21.5 km will be in SUDA area. The width of the road will be 90 metres and the width of existing roads width will also be increased.In all, more than 2 lakh sq meters of land on both the road will come up for development and this formation of three TP schemes is considered as the beginning of the new chapter in Surat city's development.SUDA is planning to formulate five new TP schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610516", "title": "Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission scam 'mastermind' surrenders in Kovai court", "text": "COIMBATORE: U Sreedhar Raj alias Balan, the alleged mastermind behind the recent question paper scam that rocked the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission , surrendered before a judicial magistrate court here on Wednesday afternoon.Balan, who reportedly managed to escape from a city lodge a few minutes before a special police team from Erode tracked him there on Tuesday night, appeared before judicial magistrate -III A Ramesh Babu at around 3.30pm. He was sent to judicial custody to Coimbatore Central Prison and the magistrate directed the police to produce him before judicial magistrate-II at Erode on Friday.TOI had reported on Wednesday that four accomplices of Balan were nabbed by Erode police from a hotel near Coimbatore Junction railway station on Tuesday. Balan, who was with them, had managed to sneak out during the police raid. However, Erode police on Tuesday night had refused to acknowledge the arrests.On Wednesday, the police team probing the question paper leak in the TNPSC Group II examination held on August 12, recorded the arrest of the four persons but not from Coimbatore. Police said three of them -- K Manoharan, a resident of Santhi Nagar in Arugambakkam, M Jaynivasan from Egmore and V Sathish Kumar from Medavakkam - were arrested in Chennai, and the fourth man, P Selvaraj, held from Namakkal. All the four were part of a gang that sold copies of the leaked question paper across the state, police said.According to police sources, the question paper was leaked a day before the test from Chennai by Balan, who used his network of friends to sell the paper to prospective candidates across the state for Rs 80 lakh. Namakkal-based Varadarajan and his friend, Sudhakar, were arrested soon after the exam concluded, based on the testimony of Dhanakodi Senthil, an applicant who was found preparing for the test with material from the leaked question paper at an exam centre in Erode.The test held across the state on August 12 for 3,631 posts was subsequently cancelled. Over six lakh candidates had written the exam.Police sources said Varadarajan, a resident of Kavundampadi near Namakkal, confessed in custody that he received the question paper from Balan on August 11. Varadarajan circulated it among 20 people including Dhanakodi.According to officials, Balan had sent the question paper and a handwritten answer script through e-mail from a fake mail address to a number of aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614165", "title": "Giaa Manek in 'Balika Vadhu'", "text": "The loyal fans of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa were shocked to learn about the elimination of Giaa Manek since the actress showcased something different every week.Like her fans, Giaa too was clueless about the reason that led to her elimination despite the fact that she scored more marks than Karan Wahi and his choreographer Mohena, who landed in the danger zone along with Giaa and her choreographer Nishant Bhat.However, Colors seems to be keeping Giaa occupied with work. We have been informed by our reliable sources that Giaa and Nishant have been roped in for a special performance on the eve of Anandi (Pratyusha Banerjee) and Shiv's (Siddharth Shukla) engagement in Balika Vadhu.Informs a source, \"Keeping in mind the backdrop of the show, Giaa and Nishant will perform Rajasthani folk to popular numbers like Morni Baaga Ma Bole and Maare Hivda Mein. This actress-choreographer jodi is shooting for this special performance today.\"When contacted, the actress confirmed, \"I am a part of Colors and such assignments are routine stuff. What is not routine and very flattering is that from the myriad of lead heroines on the channel, I am chosen to perform this act. I am glad and would like to thank Colors once again for this opportunity. This means that the Jhalak fever is still on for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "belguam", "code": "15608704", "title": "Sriramulu's yatra to begin from Belgaum", "text": "BELGUAM: Even as former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa kicked off his statewide tour on Tuesday, ostensibly for the drought affected, the state will witness another yatra beginning Thursday, this one led by BSR Congress party president and MLA B Sriramulu. While Yeddyurappa's tour began from the southern state of Tumkur, Sriramulu has chosen Belgaum district in north Karnataka to launch his 'Swabhimani Sankalp Yatra.'Party spokesperson Y N Goudar briefed the programme schedule to reporters here on Wednesday. The yatra will begin after offering pooja to the memorial of freedom fighter Sangolli Rayanna at Nandagad in Khanapur taluk by Sriramulu at 10am. It will pass through all the 18 assembly constituencies of the district where Sriramulu will hold meetings with supporters. The yatra will tour the district for eight days.Sankalp Yatra will be held in Bijapur district for seven days from September 3 to 9 and in Bagalkot district from September 12 to 18.Meanwhile, Goudar rebuked Yeddyurappa saying his statewide tour is not to reach out to people in drought affected areas as he claims, but to regain his lost ground in the state politics. Gouder accused the former CM of cashing in on the critical condition of the people of drought-hit districts to settle his political scores.Former MLA Ramesh Kudachi was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "15608531", "title": "Mandya crash kills 5 of a Kerala family", "text": "MANDYA: Five members of a Kerala family died and four children suffered grievous injuries when their Innova rammed a tree on the Mysore-Bangalore highway here around 12.45am on Wednesday. The victims, from Ilambari village of Malappuram district, were travelling to Bangalore to check out a property near the Bengaluru International Airport.According to police, three victims \u2014 driver Jabbar, 30; Sharija, 45; and Abbas, 40 \u2014 died on the spot. The other two \u2014Ayesha, 50, and Sharif, 30 \u2014 died on the way to a Bangalore hospital.The four injured children \u2014 Aman, Arif, Nainu and Salma \u2014 were administered first aid and shifted to a hospital in Mysore. A traffic police officer said investigations and an autopsy on the driver could throw light on the cause of the accident. The vehicle hit a tree near the municipal college in Mandya.Members of the Mandya District Kerala Samajam helped the police in tracking the address of the victims, in rescue operations and in shifting the bodies to their hometown.2 youths die in crashTwo youths died on the spot as their goods auto rammed a cargo vehicle on the Mysore-Bangalore highway in the early hours of Wednesday. Rajesh, 25, and Santhosh, 20 were from Mandya taluk's Yepparadoddi village.Police said the accident occurred when the speeding cargo vehicle heading towards Bangalore overturned after hitting the road divider.The goods auto coming close behind rammed the cargo vehicle, killing both its occupants on the spot. Canter driver Rojal, 45, was seriously injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609695", "title": "Ambulance driver roughed up by mob", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 108 ambulance service driver Gopal Rao was rouged up and the ambulance damaged by an irate mob on Tuesday night near Wali function hall in Chandrayangutta when he expressed his inability to ferry an accident victim to hospital as he was taking the emergency vehicle for repair.According to the driver, who lodged a complaint with the Chandrayangutta police station, he was taking the ambulance to the mechanic when he was stopped by locals at the accident spot at around 9 pm. The accident involved two boys, Feroz Ali Khan and Bilal Bin Farai, who were on a two-wheeler and were riding towards Bandlaguda from Chandrayangutta. Feroz had reportedly lost control of the bike and hit a road divider under the Chandrayangutta flyover. Feroz died on the spot and Bilal sustained injuries. Police said more than 200 people gathered at the accident site and stopped an ambulance which was plying on the same road and going from Rajendernagar towards Osmania General Hospital (OGH). Since it was already carrying four persons, the driver refused to carry the victims. Incidentally, 15 minutes later when Rao's ambulance passed by, the crowd stopped him and demanded that the victims be shifted to OGH. After Rao refused stating that he couldn't ferry the victims as he was going to get the ambulance repaired, the mob got furious and damaged the ambulance.Mohammed Rafi, regional manager, 108 ambulance services said, \"The vehicle was at a shed in Uppal for repairs and was being brought to Shamshabad when the incident happened. We have lodged a complaint but unfortunately the culprits from among the crowd who vandalised the ambulance haven't been traced so far.\"According to Chandrayangutta sub-inspector Veerabhadra a case under Sections 147 (rioting), 427 (mischief causing damage) and 149 (unlawful assembly guilty of offence) of the IPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15610403", "title": "CM asks cops to 'act' as perception also matters", "text": "PATNA: Police inaction in cases of crime, specially against women, has got chief minister Nitish Kumar's goats and he made no secret of it during a videoconferencing on the law and order situation with district police chiefs on Wednesday.Sources said the CM was furious at the 'jungle raj' tag given to the state by people from Delhi (read National Commission for Women member Charu Wali Khanna) in connection with the incident of eve-teasing in a Rohtas village. \"I could have given my reaction but I didn't. It would be better if you (police) react... take action, make arrests,\" a source quoted the CM as saying and adding FIRs should be filed and arrests made in such cases immediately, as a first priority.The CM was also not much impressed with the talks of the officers about the \"technological advancement\" of policing through separation of investigation and law and order maintenance in the state. \"That's fine. But the people's perception is that crime is rising and police are not doing their duty. The state and the government are earning a bad name. That is not good,\" another officer quoted the CM as saying.The CM had come equipped with newspaper clippings and he referred to several specific cases to show the SPs the mirror. \"You must do something to arrest the slide; restore the image,\" he said.\"The CM almost pulled the carpet from below the feet of officers. He appeared to be equipped with feedback from the ground zero,\" a district SP told TOI on Wednesday evening.The CM was also receptive to the demands of the SPs. When the Muzaffarpur SP complained about lack of deputy SPs, the CM immediately directed DGP Abhayanand, who was present by his side, to place a requisition of more SDPOs in the state.Earlier, chief secretary Navin Kumar told the officers to understand the import of ground reality. Even a chain-snatching incident creates fear psychosis. Fast and accurate police reaction can quell such fears, he said.ADG (law &amp; order) S K Bhardwaj briefed the CM on how the separation of law &amp; order and investigation was working. ADG (CID) A S Nimbran told him about pending cases while ADG (special branch) Rajesh Chandra apprised him of the communally-sensitive pockets in the state.The CM also told the police officers to closely monitor the communal situation. No incident of crime should take place against the people of Assam in the state, he said and directed that all the people coming from or going to Assam be given full protection.The videoconferencing also discussed ways to increase police accessibility to common people. The CM further said the police must not involve in civil suit matters unless directed by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610983", "title": "Brave driver foils bid to loot bank's cash van", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a broad daylight incident, four armed robbers made an abortive bid to loot the cash van of Cooperative Bank near Umedan Ka Pura under Nawabganj police station on Wednesday.However, the courageous van driver foiled the robbers' plan on Allahabad-Kanpur highway.Station officer, Nawabganj, Vijay Bhadauria said the robbers, who had their faces covered, attacked the cash van when it was heading towards Kaushambi. The van had Rs 20 lakh cash which was to be deposited in different branches of the bank in Kaushambi.As the van reached near Umedan Ka Pura village on Allahabad-Kanpur highway, four Bolero-borne robbers intercepted it and opened fire. But, the courageous van driver Rajendra Kumar did not stop and accelerated towards Nawabganj police station.SO added that the robbers also hit the window panes of the van but the driver instead of stopping it, reversed it and drove straight to police station. Later, senior police officials, including district police chief Mohit Aggarwal, reached the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15610118", "title": "Burglars strike at Punjab National Bank branch in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: In a stunning heist, five thieves decamped with Rs13.6 lakh from Punjab National Bank's branch situated in Talbeth, around 45 km from Jhansi. The heist came into light on Tuesday after the branch reopened after two days' off.As per the CCTV footage, five masked men entered the premises on Saturday night along with a gas cutting kit from the rear side which had an opening towards an isolated place. After cutting the main vault where the cash was stored, they took the whole amount Rs 13,60, 577 as per the bank officials. Luckily they could not trace out ten lakh of currency which was stored in the other part of the same vault. It is being presumed that the burglars had run short of gas and therefore could not lay hand to individual lockers.On Tuesday morning, when the bank sweeper came to do his work that he noticed the whole thing. Within no time, there was a huge crowd around the branch mainly comprising of locker holders apprehensive about the state of their belongings.Later on the police arrived with the dog squad but could not gather much evidence. As per Jitendra Prasad Singh, SP Lalitpur, four teams have been constructed to hunt the culprits and he is confident enough to solve it quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15609618", "title": "Rs 3 cr spent on survey but no plans yet for fishmeal plant, Fisheries director says", "text": "MARGAO: Fisheries director S C Verenkar told TOI on Wednesday that setting up a fishmeal plant was \"definitely not\" in the scheme of things, even as he said the expansion project of the four fishing jetties in the state will be in conformity with strict European standards.Verenkar said the consultancy firm-West Bengal Fisheries Corporation Ltd-has submitted a comprehensive report, including the environmental impact assessment of the project. The state has paid nearly 3 cr for the consultancy, sources said.The upgradation of the Chapora, Cutbona, Malim and Cortalim fishing jetties envisages cold storage units, ice plants, auction sheds, workshops for vessel repairs, slipways for docking facilities, etc.\"The upgraded plant will contain all the basic facilities required for fishing operations at the jetties. There will also be a dedicated corridor for vehicles to and from the jetties so that no inconvenience is caused to locals from the roads turning slippery due to spillage. The consultancy firm has taken care of all aspects to avoid any type of pollution or damage to the environment while preparing the project report,\" Verenkar said.The upgradation will facilitate more vessels to dock, enabling them to go into deep seas. \"This will obviously translate into increased fish production of the state,\" Verenkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15610698", "title": "Banks' strike hits life in Madurai, staff stage demos", "text": "MADURAI: Banks wore a deserted look while long queues in front of ATMs were a common sight in Madurai on Wednesday, following the two-day strike called for by the bank unions.Madurai district has about 130 branches of various banks including public sector and private and over 5,000 employees are employed in all these branches. Banking services came to a standstill and it was estimated that over Rs 100 crore worth of commercial transactions were hit on the first day of the strike.Demonstrations were also held by some unions in front of some banks, protesting the move by the government to bring about reforms in the banking sector. As it was in the middle of the week, many people were put into much hardship.\"I could not withdraw more than Rs 5,000 from an ATM for a medical expense and there was no money in one machine in Pudur when I went back in the evening,\" said Arulmadi, a teacher.There were long queues in many ATMs in Pudur, Othakadai and Bypass Road and in many places housewives stepped in, to help their husbands during the long wait. The situation is expected to become worse when the strike enters the second day on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15610027", "title": "Frame mobile tower bylaws within 10 days: High Court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has set a deadline of 10 days for the state government to formulate bylaws for governing the mobile phone towers. The court passed the order on Wednesday while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) over the health hazards due radiation of these towers.Within the same duration of next 10 days, the government would have to remove mobile phone towers installed on all school buildings and hospitals in the state. In addition to this, the government has to conduct a survey (also in 10 days) and tell the court about the number of cancer patients who are living within the vicinity of cellphone towers. The government also has to form a medical board to examine and report on the conditions of Jaipur residents Pramod Kasliwal (53) and Sanjay Kasliwal (56) who are said to have developed cancer due to mobile tower radiations.The directions were passed by a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice NK Jain (senior) on the PIL filed by former high court judge and chairman of the OBC commission IS Israni.In May this year, the state government released some test results showing that the mobile tower radiations were within permissible limits and, as such, were not harmful. Based on the test-checks done with the help of department of telecommunications (DoT), the government stated that \"no relation\" could be established between radiations from mobile tower and the health of living beings. The results have, however, been challenged before the court.There are 5,678 mobile towers in Jaipur and a total of 32,865 in Rajasthan. Following the growing public concern over health risks from the mobile towers, the state government passed an order on July 4 this year that these towers would not be allowed on the school buildings and the hospitals and those already existing on these buildings would be removed. The high court has now sought a compliance report of the government order with the direction to uproot the towers that were still installed on school and hospital buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15611259", "title": "Intelligence Bureau's video recording of events upsets minister", "text": "SURAT: Union minister of state for road transport and highways Tushar Chaudhary while expressing his reservations about the video recording of political press conferences by state Intelligence Bureau (IB) has accused the state government of spending public money on political spying.Till the recent past, Intelligence Bureau (IB) personnel used to be seen taking notes at political and other important events but now they can be spotted using a video camera to record the proceedings.On Wednesday, the entire media briefing of Tushar Chaudhary was shot by the IB personnel at Circuit House.\"It is an attempt to demoralize the political leaders of opposition parties. Public money is being wasted for political spying. Video shooting of Congress leaders is being done for the last few months,\"said Chaudhary. When questioned, SP(IB) Mayank Chavda said, \"We do video recordings of political events and press conferences just to collect information. This is done in case of all political parties. We analyze the collected data and store important video files.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610103", "title": "Yoga center at Gujarat University closed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The self financed yoga center which was granted affiliation by the Gujarat University and started with much fanfare to teach short-term yoga courses has closed down.Apparently, there were many complaints against the yoga guru of the institution who reportedly entered into relationships with the girls coming to attend the courses which jeopardized the future of the institution.Officials said that the guru apparently fell for a girl who came to attend the course in the institution. This raised the hackles of her parents and the mother went on to file a complaint with the governor office which later directed the GU to look into the complaint and take action.Acting VC of the GU, Dr Mukul Shah said that former VC Parimal Trivedi had terminated the contract of the agency running the institution. \"There were lot of irregularities happening at the Yoga Center and we had taken note of these. Before the GU could crack down on the center, Swamiji himself shut down the institution and deserted the center anticipating action\", said Dr Shah. The contract will now be given to a new agency.Followers of the Swamiji however said that the center was closed as the yoga guru had gone abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15609480", "title": "Now, casinos can pay fees in installments: CM", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP government has decided to allow land-based casinos to pay their fees in instalments but with certain conditions, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Wednesday.Parrikar said that since land-based casinos' fees were increased manifold suddenly, this current year quarterly payment will be allowed in advance. The casinos have to pay for the next quarter before this quarter ends along with 12% interest for the period of delay. Those who do not pay will not be given entry passes. No one can go those casinos. The sales tax commissioner is being directed accordingly, Parrikar said.The chief minister also said that following his government's threat to act against illegal casinos and those that had not paid their fees, four casinos have paid up. He said that some casinos are not due to pay the fees yet. He explained that in casinos, the fees are due from the date of license and not like bar licenses which are valid from April 1 to March 31.Asked how much money the government had collected from casino fees, Parrikar said the government has collected around 15 crore to 20 crore in fees and is expecting a total of around 40 crore.Parrikar said that the Intercontinental grand resort Goa, Canacona, has not renewed its casino license. He also said that the Radisson white sand has not renewed its casino license.He also said that one offshore casino-M V Leela of the Golden globe hotels private limited-has not paid the fees and stopped operations. Its casino license is valid but it has not paid recurring fees. In another two hotels, one has stopped operating its casino despite its license being valid, and the other hotel has requested to allow them to pay in instalments, Parrikar said.He claimed that his casino policy was having the desired effect. He said the target of his policy was very clear which is to reduce the number of casinos. \"Overall, I think casinos have reduced by quite a number. Slowly, they may reduce to a single digit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15609977", "title": "Cancer, abandonment didn't affect Jay-Veeru dosti", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's a tale of two friends Jay and Veeru, who were thrown out of their house after Jay developed cancer. Moved by their tragic tale, a Good Samaritan adopted Veeru, and Jay was admitted to a hospital on Wednesday.The Asha Animal Foundation volunteers who picked up the two friends - Veeru, a Pomeranian; and Jay, a Cocker Spaniel - were profoundly affected by the dogs' state.\"We got a call that two dogs wandering near Sindhu Bhavan off SG Highway were in need of some urgent medical help,\" said an Asha Foundation volunteer. \"We found that the Cocker Spaniel was seriously ill; the Pomeranian had been taking care of him.\"He said that as they were not strays, the foundation informed Vastrapur police station about the dogs. Police officials came to the spot and allowed the foundation volunteers to take the dogs to their centre.\"We examined the dogs and found that the Cocker Spaniel was suffering from cancer,\" the volunteer said. \"We assume that the dogs were abandoned by their owner. It appears that the two were on the streets for several days and while the sick dog was unable to move the other one took care of him.\" The volunteer later named them Jay and Veeru.Jay was sent to a hospital as his condition was critical. However, Veeru had a different fate scripted for himself.\"Later in the day a man walked into our Hathijan animal centre,\" said Jagdish Vaghela of the foundation.\"He said that the he had spotted volunteers picking up two dogs near SG Highway and wanted to know about them. When he was told about the dogs he expressed the desire to adopt Veeru.\"The foundation later facilitated the adoption and Veeru walked out the centre with a new owner. But he seemed to miss his dear friend whom he had been caring for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609598", "title": "Nashik faces 2-hour power failure due to grid snag", "text": "NASHIK: With 12 out of 29 thermal power stations in the state shut down for maintenance and technical issues, Maharashtra's power generation dropped below 55% of 6800 mw, which is the installed capacity. The dip in power generation forced the power distribution company (MSEDCL) to implement emergency load relief (ELR) which resulted in a power shut down of two hours in the city, on Wednesday. \"The situation was serious in the morning. A number of units in the Chandrapur power station were unable to operate due to heavy rains which soaked the coal. Additionally, many thermal power units were already undergoing annual maintenance and there was water shortage at the Koyna hydro power station. Following this, load relief had to be undertaken in the city,\" a senior official from MSEDCL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610537", "title": "Coalgate: CBI quizzes Manmohan\u2019s coal secretaries", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI enquiry into the coal block allocations has revealed that forgeries were done by several private companies to get the blocks, and two FIRs would be registered this week. The investigating team has finalized the names of companies, which allegedly fraudulently made gains, and has sent the file for approval from top CBI officials. An official confirmed that \"at least two FIRs would be registered by the end of this week and more would follow later\". He added that \"they have found anomalies in coal block allocation mostly in three states of Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Karnataka.\"The FIRs would be registered for criminal conspiracy and forgery apart from other relevant sections.The agency had also recently questioned two coal secretaries, who worked in the ministry when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh held the portfolio, apart from 22 other secretaries and join secretaries of coal, power and commerce ministries. Sources said that former coal secretaries H C Gupta and P C Parakh have also been examined by the agency regarding several issues related to allocation.\"We looked into allocation 64 coal blocks for which 1,422 applications had been received by the coal ministry between 2006 and 2009. We have found that most of the private companies had forged documents,\" said a source. The agency has also examined senior officials of states where blocks were allocated.The agency is also examining the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) report on alleged coal block scam that was tabled in Parliament last Friday. So far, the agency has shortlisted nearly 15 companies which allegedly violated norms of allotment of coal blocks.Allocation of coal blocks is done through an inter-ministerial body, the screening committee, which is chaired by coal secretary. It includes the secretaries of nine ministries having interests in coal, besides heads of various PSUs and chief secretaries of coal-supplying states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610933", "title": "3 detained for Friday violence after raids", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Police teams on Wednesday conducted a series of raids in more than half-a-dozen areas and detained three persons for interrogation in connection with Friday's violence incident that rocked Sangam city.After capturing video footages with the help of CCTVs, the police teams were trying to identify the real culprits involved.Superintendent of police, City, Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI that special constituted police teams on Wednesday carried out a series of raids in search of persons involved in Friday's violence and detained some persons. He added that police would take action against them after confirming their involvement. The police teams were also tracing the sources involved in sending hatred messages and sleuths of special operation group (SOG) were working for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610191", "title": "Yet to start work, Natgrid CEO highest paid babu", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CEO of Natgrid, the government's ambitious project to make a single hub for all data gathered by more than a dozen security agencies, draws a salary of Rs 10 lakh per month -- more than any bureaucrat in the country. And this is besides the other entitlements that he gets at par with top officers in the government.Minister of state for home Jitendra Singh informed the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday that the consolidated monthly remuneration of Natgrid CEO Raghu Raman was Rs 10 lakh besides a host of other facilities.Importantly, Natgrid is still not operational despite being set up as an attached office of the home ministry in December 2010 and a sanction of over Rs 1,000 crore in 2012.The nearest a bureaucrat's salary comes to that of the Natgrid CEO is the Rs 1.30 lakh drawn by communication adviser to the prime minister Pankaj Pachauri. Adviser to the prime minister T K A Nair, national security adviser Shivshankar Menon and special envoy S K Lambah draw a salary of Rs 1.13 lakh each per month apart from a pension of Rs 50,000 each per month.Principal secretary to the PM Pulok Chatterji gets a salary of Rs 1.08 lakh apart from Rs 40,000 as pension per month. The cabinet secretary draws a salary of Rs 90,000 while top secretaries of the government of India draw Rs 80,000 per month.Giving details of Raman's package, Singh said in a written reply that the CEO was given a car as per the highest entitlement for officers in government of India.The CEO is given travel, accommodation and TA/DA as per the highest entitled class for officers in the government and medical policy for self and family whose annual premium is capped at Rs 15,000.Apart from this, \"(he is) entitled to deliver lectures not pertaining to his official domain and receive remuneration for the same. With prior approval of competent authority (Union home secretary), he can be a member of corporate boards which are not in conflict with his official position,\" Singh's reply said.To deal with functional requirements, the Natgrid CEO is also provided with a BlackBerry phone with actual connectivity charges (capped at Rs 8,000 per month). The CEO will be given a laptop with aircard (capped at Rs 1.25 lakh) and Rs 2,000 per month as internet charges.Raman was appointed CEO on December 1, 2009 on a contractual basis. The contract was extended on June 1, 2011 for three years. He is a retired military officer who was working as CEO of Mahindra Defence Land System and his appointment and salary were approved by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet headed by the prime minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15608889", "title": "'High fives' for Thane eves", "text": "Latur: The second day of the Maharashtra State Senior Inter-District Badminton Championship completely belonged to Thane. Their women's team won the title for the fifth successive year while their men's counterparts stormed into the final for tenth year in a row.The capacity crowd at the Divisional Sports Complex at Latur got their money worth watching the spectacular display from the Thane teams here on Wednesday. It was a forgettable day for the Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Association (MSDBA) as both their teams-despite giving their best-crashed out, courtesy an inspired display by the Thane squad.Thane eves overcame the stiff challenge of MSDBA to register a 2-0 win in the final. Jui Agaskar rallied back superbly to edge out Sonal More in a three-game thriller. The experienced member of the Thane team lost the first game but fought back gallantly to emerge winner with a score of 15-21, 21-13, 21-18.The second doubles also started in similar fashion. The MSDBA pair of Riya Pillai and Sonal More won the first game but lost the next two. The teenage duo of Vallari Bukane and Sai Pitre kept their cool to clinch the match-16-21, 21-12, 21-14-and the title.On the adjacent court, there was even more action and drama. Thane men's won the first two singles but MSDBA bounced back to level the best-of-five match tie 2-2. In the fifth and deciding match, MSDBA duo of Shlok Ramchandran and Amit Khadgi were just two points away from recording the biggest upset of the decade. However, Subhankar Dey and Bishal Das, who were down 19-21, 13-19, staged a sensational comeback to notch up a nail-biting win to help their side reach yet another final. Dey-Das won eight successive points in the second game to first level the game scores 1-1 and then fired on all cylinders to grab the final game 21-18 in an epic match which lasted for 50 minutes.In the second semifinal, Pune drubbed Greater Mumbai 3-1. Nagpur challenge came to an end when their both teams lost to MSDBA. While women's team lost 1-2, their men's team was mauled 0-3.RESULTSWomen's final: Thane bt MSDBA 2-0 (Jui Agaskar bt Sonal More 15-21, 21-13, 21-18; Vallari Bukane-Sai Pitre bt Sonal More-Riya Pillai 16-21, 21-12, 21-14).Men's semifinals: Thane bt MSDBA 3-2 (Jishnu Sanyal bt Arijit Bose 21-19, 21-16; Subankar Dey bt Amit Khadgi 21-19, 21-13; Jishnu Sanyal-Abhishek Kulkarni lost to Prasad Shetty-Abhidnya Sawant 15-21,17-21; Prashant Bahatre lost to Shlok Ramchandran 18-21, 4-21; Bishal Das-Subankar Dey bt Shlok Ramchandran-Amit Khadgi 19-21, 21-19, 21-18).Women's semifinals: MSDBA bt Nagpur 2-1 (Sonal More lost to Rasika Raje 15-21, 19-21; Sonal More-Riya Pillai bt Rasika Raje-Varada Dixit 21-17, 21-19; Riya Pillai bt Varada Dixit 21-10, 21-6).Thane bt Pune 2-0 (Vallari Bukane bt Shruti Mundada 11-21, 23-21, 21-18; Jui Agaskar-Sai Pitre bt Rucha Nikam-Shruti Mundada 19-21, 21-13, 21-14).Men's quarterfinals: MSDBA bt Nagpur 3-0 (Amit Khadgi bt Jayendra Dhole 21-13, 21-11; Shlok Ramchandran bt Sarang Lakhanee 21-19, 21-10; Prasad Shetty-Abhidnya Sawant bt Sarang Lakhanee-Jayendra Dhole 21-14, 21-14); Thane bt Sangli 3-0; Pune bt Nashik 3-0; GMBA bt Kolhapur 3-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610518", "title": "32-yr-old dies after consuming pesticide", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although the entire state is reeling under severe power shortage, the frequent outages affected one agrarian family beyond repair when a schizophrenic farmer near Karuppurayampalayam died a few days after he drank pesticide during an outage thinking it was a health tonic. The 32-year-old victim was rushed to a private hospital on August 16. Unfortunately, he breathed his last, succumbing to a sudden cardiac arrest at the hospital on Tuesday.According to police, N Sathishkumar was a victim of unannounced power outages in the region, which is slowly slipping back to the dismal situation prevailing a few months ago with the city suffering more than seven hours of power cuts on a daily basis.\"The deceased consumed insecticide thinking he was drinking from his usual tonic bottle and started vomiting. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he died during treatment on Tuesday as per police records,\" said Arumugam, sub inspector, Peelamedu police station.Sathishkumar had been undergoing treatment for schizophrenia for the past 15 years. He was under the care of his 62-year-old mother Rajamani Nataraja Gounderand elder sister at their residence in Karuppurayampalayam after the demise of his father , Nataraja Gounder few years ago.After consuming the pesticide, he told his family that it tasted different and started vomiting. His uncle Rangasamy along with others rushed him to a private medical facility near Coimbatore airport.\"It was an accident. He consumed the pesticide thinking it was tonic during the outage. Hdue to god's grace was recovering until he suffered a massive cardiac arrest on Tuesday,\" said Rangasamy.His relatives said his mother and elder sister were in a state of shock. Relatives were also distraught about the entire area being plagued by frequent power outages on a daily basis.He was initially admitted in the Intensive Care Unit. He was showing signs of improvement but he suffered a massive stroke while he was inside the bathroom on Tuesday. We tried our best to revive him but he passed away,\" said Dr L Jivan Chandra, consultant physician, Kovai Medical Centre and Hospital(KMCH).Peelamedu police have registered a case and are probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15608604", "title": "Student attempts suicide during stir in Gadag", "text": "HUBLI: In order to draw the attention of the government towards their demands, mainly continuation of the carry over system in diploma, one of the students who participated in an agitation tried to commit suicide by consuming poison in Gadag on Wednesday.The agitation was organized by the Srirama Sene unit in protest against inordinate delay of the government in implementing the carry over system in diploma course.Students were protesting in front of MLA office. All of a sudden, one of the students reportedly tried to commit suicide by consuming poison and collapsed.He was immediately shifted to the district hospital and was said to be out of danger. Speaking to TOI, Ravikumar Nayak, Gadag SP, said, the student who tried to commit suicide, has been identified as Shivaranjan Sajjan, a 4th semester diploma student of Hulkoti Polytechnic College.He also said that some of his seniors had instigated him to consume poison to get publicity for their agitation. However, his condition is stable and he is said to be out of danger.\"He consumed turmeric powder mixed with a cold drink and he had not consumed poison,\" Nayak said. It was revealed by the student himself when we questioned him at hospital, he added.A case has been registered at the Gadag town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15610093", "title": "PIL seeks stricter censorship for films, board for TV content", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A public interest litigation (PIL) has been filed in the Gujarat high court demanding stricter censorship for Indian films, as well as, setting up a censor board for television shows. The petitioner, Hemant Jogi from Surat, has complained that nowadays films and TV shows are replete with obscenity, scenes of excessive smoking and drinking and foul language. The content, he has claimed, is not suitable for kids' viewing.Claiming the he is very much disturbed with this trend in Indian films and television programmes, Jogi has requested the high court to direct the central government to make its censorship stern and issue a guideline to control and regulate the content that is shown on television channels, particularly in reality shows.Jogi has expressed particular reservations against recent Vidya Balan-starrer Dirty Picture and lambasted the government for conferring a national award on this movie. He also made a representation to the award committee requesting it not to confer award on a film that has improper content.The petitioner has also contended that many shows on private television channels have content that many will not like their children and family watch. They are \"not only harmful, but also create an unsafe atmosphere in the country that has retained its high values\", the petition says.Jogi has stated that he has made several representations before appropriate authorities to put in place proper system to censor obscene and violent content.He has also demanded that films like Dirty Picture and Jism2 should never be projected in cinema halls.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala may take up this PIL next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610132", "title": "Chennai suburban rail services partially cancelled", "text": "CHENNAI: Due to engineering works in the Chennai Central - Gummidipoodi section on August 25 and 26 , the following will be the pattern of train services.Mooremarket Complex (MMC) - Gummidipoondi EMU local scheduled to leave MMC at 11.35am will be partially cancelled between Ponneri and Gummidipoondi. Gummidipoondi - Mooremarket Complex EMU local scheduled to leave Gummidipoondi at 1pm will be partially cancelled between Gummidipoondi and Ponneri.More coachesTrain no.16723 Chennai Egmore - Thiruvananthapuram Ananthapuri Express will be augmented with one AC 3-tier Coach and one sleeper coach from 24 August to 23 September. Train no16724 Thiruvananthapuram - Chennai Egmore Ananthapuri Express will be fitted with one AC 3-tier coach and one second sleeper coach from August 25 to September 24. Train no. 16701 Chennai Egmore - Rameswaram Express will get one more AC 3-tier coach from August 24 to September 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15610559", "title": "Cash-for-vote accused taken into custody, released", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sohail Hindustani, who was facing a non-bailable warrant for not attending the last hearing in the cash-for-vote case, on Wednesday appeared before a Delhi court which ordered his arrest but released him after an hour.Hindustani, an accused in the case, was released by special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal after he produced travel documents showing that he was out of town on the last hearing on August 14.The court warned him to be careful in future. The accused, who is on bail along with other co-accused, had failed to attend the last hearing and went unrepresented by any advocate following which the court issued non-bailable warrant (NBW) against him. Hindustani was taken into custody as he had initially failed to respond satisfactorily about his absence from the last hearing.The accused informed the court that he was in Bangalore on the last date of hearing due to Ramzan and Eid.Former Samajwadi Party general secretary Amar Singh , BJP leader L K Advani's former aide Sudheendra Kulkarni, BJP MP Ashok Argal, two ex-party MPs Faggan Singh Kulaste and Mahabir Singh Bhagora, along with Amar Singh's former aide Sanjeev Saxena and Hindustani, are accused in the case. They are all out on bail.On July 22, 2008, some BJP MPs had waved wads of currency notes on the floor of the Lok Sabha during the trust vote faced by the UPA-I government, claiming they were given the money to vote in favor of government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15611012", "title": "District-level ASHA sammelan begins today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Health department is all set to organise district-level ASHA sammelan at Prayag Sangeet Samiti on Thursday.District magistrate, Anil Kumar will be the chief guest on the occasion.Chief medical officer, Allahabad, Dr Padmakar Singh said that in order to improve the health scenario in rural areas, there is a need to motivate ASHA workers.He added: \"As ASHA (health workers) are doing a major role in providing health facilities to newborns, women and even children, they would also be apprised about their prime responsibilities during the event.He also added that health officers would also exchange views with ASHAs and try to know the difficulties they have been facing while performing their duties.Officials also added that there is an urgent need to take care of their problems.Terming that ASHAs are the backbone of the health department, health department aims to achieve the desired results due to their active participation as far as rural health schemes are concerned, said additional CMO, Dr Chandan Lal on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15612767", "title": "Govt blocks Twitter accounts of some journalists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government has stepped up its efforts to stop what it perceives an online campaign of misinformation and rumour-mongering in the wake of Assam riots and has blocked several Twitter accounts, including two belonging to journalists, considered sympathetic to far Right in India.The blocked accounts include those maintained by Kanchan Gupta, who until a few months ago was with the Pioneer newspaper, and Shiv Aroor, a deputy editor with Headlines Today news channel.However, the blocking of Twitter account seems to be partial. The accounts have been blocked with the help of internet service providers (ISPs) and not Twitter. Accessing the accounts from India shows web users a message, telling them that \"This website/URL has been blocked until further notice either pursuant to Court orders or on the Directions issued by the Department of Telecommunications\".Also, the block works only if the accounts are accessed using HTTP and not HTTPS protocol. Twitter allows users to force HTTPS, which is a secure protocol and doesn't let ISPs see the content that a user is accessing.This means both Gupta and Aroor continue using the accounts even hours after the block was enforced and they remained in touch with their thousands of followers. When Nirupama Rao, India's ambassador to the US, talked about a discussion on a news channel on the subject of social media and government's current policy on it, Gupta tweeted back to her saying, \"@NMenonRao Is that why UPA Govt has blocked my Twitter handle? Is that the reason? A reply would help.\"Aroor, meanwhile, joked \"Damn, my nose is also blocked now\".Following the ban on the profiles, many Twitter users in India started hashtag #Emergency2012. A few hours later, #Emergency2012 and #GOIBlocks were among the top trending topics on Twitter for India.The general sentiment on Twitter seems to be that of against any sort of blocking. Several users say that even if the tweets are \"offensive\" blocking the accounts is against the freedom of speech. \"Have the GoI gone mad? You may not agree with what they say but @shivaroor and @KanchanGupta are journos. Based in India. Why block them,\" asked Gautam John, an entrepreneur and a lawyer by qualification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610137", "title": "Business transactions remain paralysed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Business and commercial activities across the state remained paralysed on Wednesday as employees of public sector and private banks went on a two-day strike to protest proposed amendments in banking regulations and outsourcing of jobs. The employees are also protesting against the government's move to amend the banking law bill which is pending before the Parliament, and is scheduled for discussion on August 23 and 24.Among the operations hit were normal in-house across the counter services for common man, foreign exchange transactions, export-import and local bills, clearing of all types of cheques, bank lockers operations, capital markets and other activities carried out through banks.Besides, students seeking admission to various colleges who had to pay their fees were also affected. \"Due to closure of banks I could not pay my fees today. I have only a day left to pay my fees but the banks are closed on August 23 also. I feel helpless now,'' said Shikha Khanna, a student. District president of National Confederation of Bank Employee Association Tahir Ali said that the strike was immensely successful. Treasury operations were affected. It was a remarkable show of solidarity as some private banks also joined the fray. Moreover, few ATMs were seen with their shutters down. According to Ali, the ATMs will run completely dry on the second day also.The strike was called by the United Forum of Bank Unions, which heads all nine bank employees and officers unions, to oppose government proposals that would make bank mergers easier. Since the talks regarding various between the United Federation for Bank Employees Union and the Central government has failed, the banking services were crippled in the country. The federation, in a statement, said that in the absence of any favourable development or acceptable solutions to demands, it is necessary for us to continue with our agitation and strike actions.In Kanpur, transactions worth Rs 100 crore was hit on the first day. Clearing worth Rs 70 to 80 crores failed in Kanpur . Around 25 to 26 crore clearing could not take place alone in State bank of India alone while cash transaction such as deposits worth Rs 20 crore was effected according to deputy general secretary of State Bank of India Staff Association, RK Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608953", "title": "Delhi's Patparganj road widening spells chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ongoing work to widen the New Patparganj Road in east Delhi has become a nightmare for commuters. Ruchira Joshi, an interior designer, now keeps two hours in hand to reach her Gurgaon office in time. Till a month ago, she used to leave her Patparganj residence at 7.45am, but now she starts at 7am for fear of getting caught in a jam on the 280-metre stretch where work is going on.Although East Delhi Municipal Corporation's plan to widen the road is aimed at easing traffic flow, the work is being done without care for traffic volume. Concrete blocks and debris have been dumped on both sides of the carriageway from Laxmi Nagar to Mother Dairy, leaving a narrow strip for vehicles to pass.\"This is one of the arterial roads of east Delhi, and is also used by vehicles from Ghaziabad and Noida. The high traffic density and shabby execution of work have made driving painful,\" said Niharika Kochar, a teacher with a private school.Residents of Patparganj and Pandav Nagar say crossing the short stretch can take up to an hour during rush hour. \"Why take up the work during monsoon? The city anyway comes to a standstill when it rains. Tuesday's downpour left one carriageway under water. There was chaos in the area. It took me almost 90 minutes to reach home from ITO flyover,\" said Vivaan Purohit (38), a software engineer with a private company.Missing pavements have also increased the risk for pedestrians. \"With huge concrete blocks piled on the median, the stretch has become accident prone,\" said Sadia Jabeen (19), a Pandav Nagar resident.However, East Corporation officials seem unmoved by the plight of drivers and pedestrians. \"It's a UTTIPEC approved plan and envisages creation of dedicated space for non-motorized vehicles, bus lanes, adequate footpaths on either side of the road, and redevelopment of the entire stretch up to Laxmi Nagar 'T' intersection, including the stretch which is now with PWD. Once the work is completed, movement on this road will become quick,\" said an East Corporation official.But the presence of a slum along the road has become a hurdle in speedy execution of the project. The slum needs to be razed to widen the road but its residents have moved the high court. \"The court has issued a stay order asking the corporation officials to prepare a report stating whether these slum dwellers are entitled to be relocated. If they are found entitled, we will have to identify space for them. The cost of the project, including construction of the central verge, will be around Rs 1 crore,\" said the official.maria.akram@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15609770", "title": "130 ponds in N Gujarat replenished, officials say", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Claiming that Sujalam Sufalam scheme has helped mitigate the water scarcity problem in north Gujarat in a big way, government officials have stated that as many as 130 ponds in rural areas stand filled with water that has been supplied through the pipelines laid under the scheme.Gujarat government sources said that work on the eight pipelines to be laid under the scheme that has been pegged at around Rs 6,237 crores, has been completed while it is partially complete on two more.The ponds that have been filled with water through these pipelines are located in villages of Sabarkantha, Mehsana, Patan and Gandhinagar districts. Chanasma taluka of Patan district tops the list of talukas where these ponds are located.The other talukas that have benefitted from the scheme include Vijapur, Kadi, Bechraji, Visnagar, Mehsana, Patan, Dahegam, Kalol, Mansa, Talod, Himmatnagar and Prantij. Sources disclosed that the eight pipelines that have supplied the water to the rural areas are Jalundhra-Madhavgadh, Hathmati-Guhai, Piyaj-Dharoi, Adundara-Kherva, Modhera-Dharoi, Modhera-Motidau, Orsam-Saraswati and Orsam-Matpur.Officials said that the task of filling the ponds has been accomplished with the help of 29 pumps on these pipelines that have discharged 1,350 cusecs of water. They pointed that an area of 271 kilometers has been covered in the process. \"The rainfall has been less but still sufficient in south Gujarat,\" said an official. \"It has been deficient in north Gujarat while there is a scarcity in Saurashtra and Kutch. The scheme has been successful in addressing the problem in the rural areas of north Gujarat.\" The Sujalam Sufalam project was initiated to solve north Gujarat's water shortage by utilizing the Narmada waters. It had three major components.The first one was to pump 'excess' water from the Narmada canal into various dams in the area by laying a series of pipelines, each about a 100 km long. The second was to build a canal from Kadana dam to Banas river while interlinking other rivers of the area and the third was to build two lakh farm-ponds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15608129", "title": "ABVP seeks action against 'Bangladeshi infiltrators'", "text": "MANGALORE: Raising the voice against recent violence in the northeast, Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Wednesday warned the central government that it would hold a nationwide protest.ABVP state secretary Ramesh K alleged that Bangladeshis, who have illegally infiltrated in northeastern states, particularly in Assam are trying to encroach the land illegally and are creating violence to break peace and harmony in the country. \"According to a research conducted by three teams of ABVP members in violence affected areas in the northeast, it was found that around 3.5 crore Bangladeshis have illegally infiltrated to India due to lack of security along Indo-Bangladesh border,\" he added.ABVP has already launched a helpline for the northeast students. The central government should immediately take measures to send back illegal Bangladeshi infiltrators, he said. \"If UPA government tries to indulge in vote bank politics with the northeast violence issue, we will intensify the protest,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15608643", "title": "Skull controversy refuses to die", "text": "DHARWAD: Even as the state department of archaeology tried to put a lid on the mystery surrounding Anigeri skulls by saying that the skulls were of the famine victims who died due to starvation between 1792-1796, several scholars and researchers are not ready to accept the department's version.M M Kalburgi, researcher and former vice chancellor of Hampi Kannada University does not agree that the skulls belonged to the victims of famine. He said there were no records to say that there was famine during the period mentioned by the department of archaeology. Had there been such severe famine in the region, there would be mention of it in the folk songs/stories but nothing such is found,\" he said.\"The C-14 test has confirmed my stand that the skulls belonged to 13th century which was known for extreme communal hatred. The Shaivas were then called Maaheshwar. It was an organization engaged in demolishing the temple belonging to other sects and sacrificing their limbs or upper part of the body to God by self immolation. The skulls are of such people who sacrificed their life\" Kalburgi asserted.Srinivas Padigar, department of history and archaeology, Karnatak University opined that more random samples of skulls should have been sent for carbon dating test to the Institute of Physics in Bhuvaneshwar to know if all the skulls belonged to the same period.According to him the age and sex of the skull should have been determined. \"The skulls were collected and then buried systematically near the bank of the stream which was away from the settlement. According to me, the burial has taken place at least more than 200 years ago, secretly. It could not be case of massacre as no historical or archeological evidence is available. The department of archaeology's statement that the parts of the bodies were eaten away by vultures and animals is not totally satisfactory\" he asserted.R M Shadakshariah of KU feels it cannot be a case of mass burial because only skulls without any blood stains are buried systematically in a row while the bones of other parts are kept separately. Had it been a mass burial the skulls could not have been lined up like this. \"There are enough reasons to believe that several people were killed during the war between Chalukyas and Cholas near Koppal and a temple in Annigeri was burnt during that time. The skulls were collected from burial ground and kept to be used for witchcraft\".Ashok Shettar, dept of history and archaeology, KU, said given the nature of ideological polarizations which have often proved volatile, it is better for the community of scholars to sit together for a day or two and examine the issue in all its ramifications instead of airing the perceptions which are basically of the nature of conjectures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "organ transplants are a sticky domain, where the government and doctors have to deal with difficult ethical issues that have no black-and-white solutions or answers. the government is bound by law and ethics to prevent forced donations. but things could become a little simpler if every party in a transplant, including the government and potential donors and recipients, starts with a fundamental premise", "code": "15610749", "title": "Government needs to prevent forced organ donations", "text": "Organ transplants are a sticky domain, where the government and doctors have to deal with difficult ethical issues that have no black-and-white solutions or answers. The government is bound by law and ethics to prevent forced donations. But things could become a little simpler if every party in a transplant, including the government and potential donors and recipients, starts with a fundamental premise: No emergency patient should be denied a transplant for delay in paperwork. There needs to be a fine balance between the two necessities, preventing forced donations and saving lives by effecting speedy transplants.Related story: Smart move to drive cadaver donations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15610662", "title": "Federation asks Jayalalithaa to transfer panchayat secretaries", "text": "MADURAI: The federation of vice-presidents in Athoor block in Dindigul district has urged the chief minister to transfer secretaries within the 22 panchayats coming under this block, to enable proper functioning of the local bodies in the region.The federation, which existed only on paper during the previous DMK regime, was revived in the Athoor block this year. According to its secretary, S Duraipandi, vice-presidents of the panchayats are usually viewed as mere elected representatives, without any power, though they have signatory powers for signing cheques in the panchayats in addition to the presidents. But, in many panchayats, they are overruled by the panchayat clerks, who have now been renamed as panchayat secretaries who refuse to even give them their due recognition and respect.\"We are not even give a seat on the dais during local meetings and panchayat clerks just ignore us,\" he claimed. Now, through the federation they help their counterparts in other panchayats to face their problems.According to the federation members, in some panchayats, the presidents force the vice-presidents to sign on cheques and even question their attendance in regular meetings. Moreover, there are some panchayat clerks who have been working in the same panchayats for over 10 years and become so familiar with the people, that they have started favouring some people and exempting them from paying house tax.Some reduce the house tax on their own without consulting the president or the vice-president, leading to a loss to the local body. \"As the panchayat clerks have now started calling themselves government employees, they should be transferred once in three years, to prevent them from hindering with the panchayat administration,\" Duraipandi said. \"Because the rubber stamp contains the president's signature and they find it easy to misuse their powers,\" he added.He said panchayat vice-presidents like the one in the Manalur panchayat are intimidated by the presidents. \"Now, such vice-presidents are able to stand up for themselves because they know we are there for them,\" he said.They thanked the chief minister for announcing that MGNREGS workers could be used for agricultural work. The 22 members of this federation include five women and 17 men, who attend their meetings without fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15612514", "title": "222 middle schools upgraded in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a view to achieve Universalisation of Secondary Education (USE) in Punjab, the state government has upgraded over 200 middle schools to secondary schools in deficit areas.Education minister Sikandar Singh Maluka on Wednesday said the Education department has upgraded 222 middle schools to secondary schools under RMSA with a vision to make quality education accessible and affordable to all students in the age group of 14-18 years.This is part of the implementation of Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan Scheme (RSMA), which is aimed at improving the standard of education being provided in classes VIII to X by ensuring a secondary school within a radius of 5 km for every neighbourhood.\"This project is for the bright future and careers of the children, visualising attainment of 75 per cent Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) by 2012-13 and 100 per cent GER by 2016-17 ensuring universal access of secondary education by 2017 and universal retention by 2020,\" Maluka added.Punjab is one of the four states approved by the Central government to implement RMSA in 2012-2013, he said.\"For this the state government will spend Rs 369 crore to provide inputs in terms of additional classrooms, teachers and other facilities in these upgraded schools to meet the challenges,\" he added.It was the government's responsibility to provide education to the educationally backward, economically weaker and marginalised sections, he said while allaying any apprehension regarding the privatisation of RMSA schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15609482", "title": "Woman who claimed to be Jharkhand minister's wife goes missing", "text": "RANCHI: A teacher, who claims to be BJP leader and Jharkhand agriculture minister Satyanand Jha\"s wife, has gone missing after she met some journalists at Basukinath in Dumka district on Tuesday night.Eyewitnesses in Dumka said some youth were seen with the teacher in a white SUV outside a hotel in Basukinath around 10pm on Tuesday. Her minor son was also with her at that time. \"Apart from the teacher and her son, some associates of the state agriculture minister were also there in the SUV,\" said an eyewitness.Dumka SP Hemant Toppo said no case of her missing or abduction was registered with the police till late Wednesday. \"Unless someone comes and files a complaint with the police, we cannot say or do anything. If some case is brought to our notice, then we will look into the matter.\"\"Neither the teacher nor her family could be contacted till late in the evening.The minister claimed that he is unwell and has not able to lodge the defamation and forgery case against the women. \"I have not gone to lodge the case because of ill health. If there is any information about her abduction I will talk to my people in Dumka and try to find out her whereabouts,\" said the minister in Ranchi.Jha had said that he would file the case against her for circulating a \"false agreement\" stating that he had accepted her as his wife.Referring to a query about his associates being spotted at Basukinath on Tuesday, he said his son had gone to Basukinath to offer puja but this should not be misinterpreted. \"I have no relation with that woman and if she has gone missing, no one from my family should be blamed just because she has been making false claims.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15609552", "title": "Co-opted members of civic body to be appointed today", "text": "NASHIK: The five co-opted members of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and nine members of Women and Child Welfare Committee are to be appointed at the special general body meeting (GBM) of NMC on Thursday.The five co-opted members, nine members of the Women and Child Welfare Committee and 14 members of Tree Authority will be announced by the city mayor Yatin Wagh at the GBM on Thursday.The members are co-opted according to the strength of the party in the House. Among the five members to be co-opted, two will be from the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and one each from the Shiv Sena, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress.The MNS has nominated senior party activists Haribhau Lonare and Sandeep Lenkar as their co-opted members. The Congress has nominated Nashik city president Akash Chhajed as their co-opted member. NCP has nominated former president of city unit of Nationalist Youth Congress Sachin Mahajan . Shiv Sena has nominated Manik Sonawane as party's co-opted member.Nominations of members of Women and Child Welfare Committee and Tree Authority would be submitted by the party group leaders to YatinWagh prior to the GBM.Among the nine members to be selected for the Woman and Child Welfare Committee, three will be from the MNS while the Shiv Sena and NCP will have two members each. The BJP and Congress will have one member each.Among the 14 members to be selected for the Tree Authority, four will be from MNS, three each from Shiv Sena and NCP and two each from Congress and BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614664", "title": "Older dads responsible for autism in kids", "text": "Men who are planning to delay parenthood should think again, as a study has revealed that children of older fathers are more than twice as likely to be born with genetic mutations, which can lead to health problems.Most fertility researchers focused on the impact of the mother's age on children's health, because sons and daughters of older women are known to be at higher risk of Down's syndrome and other, rare disorders.But the new study by DECODE Genetics, an Icelandic company and published in the Nature journal, has shown that most genetic mutations that arise in children are passed down by the father's sperm rather than the mother's eggs.While the majority of mutations are completely harmless and lead to natural variety between people, some are responsible for diseases including autism and schizophrenia.The study that include 219 Icelandic mothers, fathers and children found that the average woman contributes about 15 new mutations to her child through her eggs, regardless of her age.But because sperm, unlike eggs, are constantly multiplying, they are more likely to develop imperfections, as the father gets older, at a rate of about two per year.This implies that while a 20-year-old man passes on about 25 mutations through his sperm, in an average 40-year-old this will rise to about 65.\"All areas of the human genome were a mutation once upon a time, so all human variety is down to a mutation,\" the Telegraph quoted Kari Stefansson, senior author of the study as saying.\"But one interesting aspect of this work is it shows us that the classic focus on the age of the mother and the health of the child is not sufficient.\"The increasing age of the father has a much bigger impact on a child's health in a general way. Women are off the hook and we men are on it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15610993", "title": "Seer gives clarion call for clean and green Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: 'Clean and Green' should be the buzzword for the Mahakumbh slated to be held in January next year and our topmost priority should be to undertake massive sapling plantation drive combined with effective garbage disposal and provision of clean toilets, said Swami Chidanand Saraswati of Parmarth Niketan, Rishikesh while interacting with the media and people alike during the course of his daylong visit here on Wednesday.Issuing a clarion call to make the Mahakumbh a memorable one, the Swami who is the moving spirit behind the clean Ganga campaign at the public level, said that after the failure of Ganga Action Plan (GAP) it is the turn of GAP-II (Ganga Action Pariwar) to fill the void. The slogan of this pariwar (family) is \"no ninda and no chanda\" which means no criticism and no donation and instead the focus should be keeping the holy river clean before the Mahakumbh-2013.Stating that after the declaration of Ganga as the national river, work is on to compose the Ganga Anthem which would be completed before the Mahakumbh and released subsequently on any auspicious occasion, Swami Chidanand said \"not only the government, society and saints should strive to make the Ganga clean but also the non-government organisations(NGO).People should give their time, talent and use the available technology at their disposal to make the river free from pollution on the occasion of Mahakumbh.He informed that our efforts have bore fruit at places like Rishikesh where the level of pollution has come down drastically and now it is the turn of Allahabad. The daily Ganga Aarti at the ghats of Varanasi is the result of relentless efforts undertaken by Parmarth Niketan, Rishikesh and the same practise can be started in Allahabad also if saints and locals make a combined effort.With an aim to develop the Kumbh Mela area, eco-friendly, the Swami said that \"We have submitted a proposal to the district authorities requesting sanctioning of a piece of land in Mela area which in turn would be developed as \"Kumbh Smriti Van\" where devotees coming across the globe would plant saplings. This would also go to a large extent in checking environmental pollution in the area\".Earlier inagurating a daylong workshop on \" Clean and Green Mahakumbh\" in the city on Wednesday, divisional commissioner, Devesh Chaturvedi said that by keeping the forthcoming Mahakumbh free from pollution we would set an example before the world.The basic objective behind organising the workshop is to make the people aware about three things namely prohibition on the use of polythene in and around the city and secondly participation of the city in clean India campaign.Lastly we would strive towards organising a massive sapling plantation campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15609312", "title": "Police seek park safety reports, scanner on crowd control", "text": "KOLKATA: An internal inspection by the Nicco Park authorities on Wednesday revealed that there was nothing wrong with the water slide at its Wet O Wild section and so it seems that only overcrowding led to a part of the fibreglass structure to collapse on Tuesday, sending 17 revellers hurtling to the ground 20 feet below. So, the crucial question now is: Does the popular amusement park have an effective crowd control mechanism in place?\"There are two aspects which we need to understand. One, did any mechanical or equipment fault lead to the incident? If yes , who are responsible for it? And two, whether there was an effective crowd control mechanism in place. Amusement parks that are so popular and visited by so many people need to have a threshold limit. If the number of people crosses that limit \u2014 which can put lives in danger \u2014 it should be shut down and not allowed to function,\" said Bidhannagar Police commissioner Rajeev Kumar .Bidhannagar Municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty echoed Kumar. \"Whatever has happened can't be undone. But now we need to know what exactly caused the accident, so that it can be avoided in future. My first reaction on the spot was, why are there so few guards to man the crowd?\" said Chakraborty.On Wednesday morning, a police team inspected the damaged water slide again. They also inspected the safety measures in place for all the other rides at Nicco Park as the park officials gave them an overview of the crowd control mechanisms in place.Nicco Park and Resorts Limited managing-director Arijit Sengupta, however, stressed that the accident wasn't due to any equipment failure. He said in a press communique: \"Our initial findings indicate that the accident was not due to any defect in the slide but due to forceful overloading. However, our Safety Committee is conducting a full internal investigation. The park authorities are fully cooperating with the investigation being conducted by the police. Based on the findings of all investigations, remedial measures recommended will be immediately put into place. Since inception , 26 million people have visited the park and their safety is paramount to us.\"The MD added that all medical expenses of the 17 injured revellers \u2014 two of whom are still under treatment at AMRI Salt Lake and Apollo Gleneagles \u2014 will be borne by the company.It will be difficult for the park authorities to explain, however, the presence of only two people to man the platform and as many private security guards below on a day two main attractions at Wet O Wild \u2014 the Rain Dance and Family Swirl \u2014 were closed for maintenance. It was quite expected that the crowds would hit the slide.Besides, the Wet O Wild, which was thrown open to visitors on May 27, 2006, is used to big crowds. During the peak summer season, around 2,700 people visit it on an average every day. On Tuesday, the recorded footfall was 1,600 \u2014 significantly lesser.Sengupta, however, blamed the revellers for the accident. \"A group of teens disobeyed all verbal and written instructions and warnings. They pushed aside the security guards and operators and jumped on the slide which has two spiral bends. On the second one, a few boys held each other to avoid sliding further and remained there. The other riders who disregarded the instructions continued to slide down from the top to join them,\" he explained. The section seems to have crashed under their combined weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15610786", "title": "Woman sleeps through Pak-France-Pak flight", "text": "LAHORE: A Frenchwoman flew from the Pakistani city of Lahore to Paris and back again after sleeping through the stop in the French capital because she had apparently taken sleeping pills, officials said on Wednesday.The woman, identified as Patrice Christine Ahmed, had boarded Pakistan International Airlines flight PIA-7333 to Paris via Milan at noon on Tuesday.She returned to Lahore today after failing to get off in the French capital.According to PIA officials, Ahmed remained asleep during the two-hour stopover at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris. PIA spokesman Sultan Hasan said she had apparently taken sleeping pills as it was not possible for a passenger to sleep for so long inside a plane.When the plane took off from Paris for Lahore, Ahmed woke up and realized she was going back to Pakistan.She raised an alarm and asked the crew to take her back to Paris. She was told her request could not be entertained and she was asked to stay calm.On her return to Lahore at 7am after a 12,000-km round trip, immigration authorities stopped her and took up the matter with PIA. \"We have arranged for her to travel back to Paris. However, an inquiry has been initiated and we will quiz the French ground handling staff at Paris to determine who was at fault,\" PIA spokesman Hasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614012", "title": "Hope the honeymoon bliss continues: Aakanksha Singh", "text": "As viewers are aware, the cast of Sunshine Productions' Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kahan were in Nepal recently to shoot Megha and Mohan's honeymoon sequence.With so much romance and drama unfolding simultaneously, Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kahan is geared to entertain audiences further. In tomorrow's episode (24th August 2012), Guru (Dushyant Wagh) reaches in time to prevent Venu (Rinku Karmarkar) from learning Riddhima's (Prinal Oberoi) truth, when she reaches the latter's house.Meanwhile, the romance continues to blossom between Megha (Aakanksha Singh) and Mohan ( Kunal Karan Kapoor) in Nepal as they are on their honeymoon. Mohan is mesmerized by Megha's dance as she grooves to the song Yeh Ishq Hai while they are at Patan Darbar in Kathmandu .Talking about her entire Nepal experience, Aakanksha Singh comments, \"It was more like a family moon rather than a honeymoon. The whole experience was very nice, especially when I was doing the dance sequence. We did not really have any security and there was a live audience watching us and cheering for us\". \"The best part about the entire shooting sequence was when we shot at the Man Kamna Mandir. It was at a height and we had to take cable cars to shoot there. So it was a real pleasure and I also made many wishes.\"But will this honeymoon bliss last with Riddhima in the picture? \"I hope it does because Riddhima is still around. Megha doesn't know anything about Riddhima and is unaware about her identity. She only knows that she is Mohan's friend\".Will there be trouble in paradise and will a love triangle ensue? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15614459", "title": "Modi to address women convention", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the Vikas yatra, the BJP has decided to hold a a women convention in Gandhinagar. The convention are being organised to create awareness about the various measures taken by the government.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi will address a state level convention of Gujarat BJP's women's cell in Gandhinagar on 26 August at 10.00 am. The meeting will be attended by Rupala, Faldu, Anandiben, Smriti Irani among others.All women MPs, MLAs, district, city, national state office bearers, board corporation chairmen, elected members of district and taluka panchayats and municipalities will attend the convention.BJP office bearers said the meeting will give details of policies related to the women and also the measures taken for the welfare of the women. The office bearers will also be given the tips of how to create awareness about the policies among the women voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611213", "title": "After heavy rains, flood-like situation in Sheopur", "text": "BHOPAL: The low-pressure atmospheric system that has caused heavy rainfall in over past 76 hours is likely to be there for another two days before moving into Uttar Pradesh, the met department said on Wednesday evening. North-eastern parts of Madhya Pradesh are likely to receive heavy showers in some places and moderate rains in many parts of Rewa, Sagar, Gwalior, Chambal and Ujjain divisions. Met officials explained that the low-pressure system that entered the state early this week is not weakening yet. The activity is getting strong hence, the rains would continue.Widespread flood-like situation was reported in Sheopur district after 112.7 mm of non-stop, incessant rains in five hours in the wee hours of Wednesday morning. Major parts of Sheopur town came under water and damages to houses, vehicles and animal livestock were reported from all over the district. As heavy rainfall and floods in Rajasthan hit national headlines, there was news of torrential showers from districts in Madhya Pradesh adjoining that neighbouring state. Rajgarh received 76.8 mm rains and Guna 76.6 mm.According to the met department, the state received 31.9 mm rainfall over the past 24 hours. Those districts which were running short of average rainfall, received a good amount of showers on Wednesday - amongst them are Shahdol which received 83 mm rains and Sagar with 53.3 mm. Jabalpur received 60.4 mm rains after which the district authorities opened 17 sluice gates of the Bargi dam to release 19,000 cusecs of water.In Vidisha, the district administration opened the gates of the Sanjay Sagar Dam resulting in the submergence of many villages in the low-lying areas. Vidisha collector Anand Sharma said: \"We have sent teams and adequate supplies for immediate relief operations in the low-lying affected areas. Rescue and relief work is on.''Hoshangabad received 74.5 mm rains swelling the already gushing waters of the Narmada. Panna received 62.6 mm rains, Tikamgarh got 37 mm, Ashokenagar 58.3 mm, Datia 54.9 mm, Harda 43.9, Morena 44.3 mm, Raisen 32.9 mm, Sehore 36.1 and Shajapur 34.7 mm. Bhopal received 6 mm on Wednesday. The state recorded 9% excess rains till date. The normal rainfall till the end of the third week of August is 684.3 mm while the actual showers received this year stand at 748.2 mm.Harda district received an incredible 75% more than average rainfall. The district's average is 743.6 mm while the actual rainfall so far this monsoon is 1302.8 mm. Betul received 61 % above average rainfall, Hoshangabad recorded 55 % more than average rains and Singrauli 46% above normal showers. West Madhya Pradesh has received 20% more rainfall than the eastern districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15608922", "title": "Nine perish in Oman road mishap", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Nine people, belonging to two families in Kannur and Malappuram, were killed in a road accident at Haima in central Oman, early on Wednesday morning. The families were returning after a vacation trip to Salalah when their vehicle hit an SUV driven by an Omani national and caught fire around 3am at Haima, 400 kilometres away from Muscat.The deceased were identified as Puthiyapurayil Khalid Moulavi, from Thillankery in Kannur, his wife Safnas, and their children Anas, Hashim and Fathima. Animangalath Musthafa, from Thrikkanapuram in Malappuram, his wife Rukhiya, daughter Muhsina and relative Rizwan also died in the accident.Khalid Moulavi ran a coffee shop at Al Bidayah in Oman, while Mustafa owned a bakery at Al Khabura near Sohar in Oman. Seven bodies are kept at a hospital in Niswa and the other two at Haima government hospital.Kozhikode: Nine people belonging to two families in Kannur and Malappuram districts were killed in a gruesome road accident at Haima in central Oman on Wednesday early morning.The two families were returning after a vacation trip to Salalah when their vehicle hit a SUV driven by an Omani national and caught fire at Haima, around 400 kilometres away from Muscat at 3 am.The deceased have been identifies as Puthiyapurayil Khalid Moulavi hailing from Thillankery near Mattannur in Kannur, his wife Safnas, and their children Anas, Hashim and Fathima.Animangalath Musthafa, hailing from Thrikkanapuram near Kuttipuram in Malappuram, his wife Rukhiya, daughter Muhsina and relative Rizwan also died in the accident. The death toll in the accident rose as the vehicle caught fire soon after hitting a Hummer SUV.The deceased Khalid Moulavi was running a coffee shop at Al Bidayah in Oman while Mustafa owned a bakery at Al Khabura near the city of Sohar in Oman.The bodies of seven persons are kept at a hospital in Niswa and two at the Haima government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15614453", "title": "Kutumb", "text": "CreditsFilm : KutumbCast : Jeetendra Joshi, Veena Jamkar, Gauri Ingawlae, Mihir Soni etcDirector : Sudesh ManjrekarMusic : Ajit - Sameer, Abhijit KavathalkarGenre : Drama, Family Banner : Great Maratha Entertainment LtdRelease : Aug 31, 2012Synposis : Ganga and Namdeo, two villagers had two little children. Although Namdeo's income was very low they were a happy united family. Until one day when Namdeo is diagnosed with some diseases whose treatment is very expensive. The children in order to see their father alive make some deal without knowing how ugly is it going to turn out soon.How do the children repay the loan? What is the deal they have got themselves into? What is Namdeo's reaction after knowing the truth.To get an answer to all this reach your nearest cinema halls on 31st of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15611195", "title": "Activists demand upliftment of basic facilities in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Activists of Vikas Samiti Kashi staged a sit in and demonstrated a massive protest demanding the upliftment of basic facilities of the city at the district headquarters on Wednesday.HIghlighting the damaged roads, poor civic amenities, the inadequate power supply, contaminated drinking water, defunct tubewells and hand pumps and other problems, hundreds of locals, farmers, weavers, students and traders joined the stir.Activists also handed over a letter to district administration demanding safety of traders, availability of water, seeds to farmers, improvement in civic amenities in the city, proper street lights, roads in residential areas, heritage preservation and control on criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15609557", "title": "The 'dirty' secret hiding at COP 11 venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Delegates stepping inside the venue of the international biodiversity summit for which the city is being spruced up may just end up taking a stroll around a sewage-filled and unclean natural lake which, at one time, used to attract diverse species of birds. The city administration might be pulling out all stops to beautify Hyderabad for the upcoming COP 11 but it has ignored the 15-acre Hitex lake which is located right inside the Hitex complex in Madhapur.There has been no budget allocation by either the municipal corporation or the urban development authority for a clean-up of the lake and the beautification of its surroundings.The lake paints a sad and dirty picture with no clean-up having been undertaken in a long time. Worse, sewerage has been constantly flowing into the lake for more than a month due to faulty sewer lines.Neither the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) nor Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), the two bodies entrusted with beautification work for COP 11, had any plans to beautify the lake, leave alone taking steps to plug the overflowing sewage line. Hitex, that maintains the lake, too, has cited a funds crunch to announce that it had no immediate plans to clean up the lake.Fortunately for the organisers, this water body is hidden behind overgrown bushes, shrubs, trees and as well as the garbage which surrounds it on all sides. The lake does not have a sewage treatment plant so untreated waste from broken drainage pipelines has been flowing into it.Activist BV Subba Rao says that this lake is important as it attracts a large number of birds. P Ramakrishna, a lake conservationist, added, \"Since this lake is inside an institution, it is easy to maintain and protect. But this particular lake has been neglected from the beginning with absolutely no signs of any beautification work. When the government hands over the responsibility of a water body to private parties, it should also check whether they are being properly maintained.\"The Hitex management, however, said that they did have plans to beautify the lake but only as part of the second phase of development to be undertaken by them. Nagendra Prasad, COO, Hitex said, \"Though there is a lot of public presence near the lake, we are still maintaining it properly. Beautifying the lake is on our agenda and will take it up simultaneously along with construction of more halls in the second phase.\"He added, \"We have complained to civic authorities to immediately attend to the problem of sewage water flowing into the lake and the matter should be taken care of in a few days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15611035", "title": "'Had police acted fast, my bro could have been alive'", "text": "INDORE: The youth who was stabbed to death in an eve teasing case in Anand Nagar here on Tuesday, could have been saved if the police have acted fast and rushed the victims for medical aid instead to completing procedural formalities.Ankit Agrawal, and his friend who had an altercation with the accused and his friends, who allegedly used to pass lewd remarks against their sister, were stabbed by the bike-borne accused in the afternoon.Rajesh Dangi, brother of the deceased told that his brother's body was kept at the police station for about half an hour as the policemen completed the formalities. \"If he was rushed to the hospital immediately, he could have been saved,\" he told the media.ASP Rakesh Singh refuted the allegations and said that the police had picked up the injured rushed them to the hospital. The formalities would not have taken more than a few minutes, he said.On being asked why the formalities could not be completed later, he said that it was to be completed by 108 service which they finish after talking to Bhopal .However, Pradeep Sahani, in-charge of 108 emergency services, denied any delay on part of 108 emergency EMRI service. \"The victims were rushed to the hospital as soon as they were brought to the police station. All formalities were completed on the way to hospital.\"The senior superintendent of police (SSP) has ordered the CSP, Annapurna RS Ghuraiya to investigate into the allegations about delay in medical aid to the victims.The deceased Ravi, son of Suresh Dangi and his friend Ankit Agrawal both were stabbed and injured by one Sanju and his friends. Sanju and his friends allegedly made passes at Ankit's sister. A couple of days earlier Ankit and Ravi objected to Sanju's advances and had had a word with him. Sanju later decided to teach Ankit a lesson and with his four friends stabbed him. Ravi died of his wounds while Ankit is hospitalised.Meanwhile police arrested two accused Sanju alias Jerma and Arun Singh from Khargone on Wednesday. Two others Santosh and Narendra are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15610374", "title": "Bank staff on 2-day strike to protest reforms encouraging private capital", "text": "COIMBATORE: The bank strike called by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU ) against proposed reforms that would ease mergers and allow more private capital, including foreign investment, in the banking sector, affected people, in Coimbatore on Wednesday. Over 1200 bank employees stayed away from duty in support of a two day strike called by the UFBU.Many people who visited banks unaware of the strike were disappointed as they could not carry out any transactions and many feared a delay in check clearance. V Balachandran, managing director, Shivani Infotech Private Limited, said that the ATM restricted the amount one can draw at a time. As he needed to process several transactions, the ATM was not good enough for him.Unable to transact money on time, transporting petrol to the bunks was delayed, said K Kondappan, executive officer at a BPCL outlet. \"Everyday Rs 8lakh has to be deposited, but now this has not been possible and supply has been affected,\" he said.S Ravikumar, operating a micro industry, said that labours had to be paid on a weekly basis. \"I will not be able to pay wages to labourers on time due to the strike,\" he said.Raja Ram , a software employee, said that he came to the bank to withdraw money to pay wages to labourers constructing his house. I was not aware of the strike and now I cannot pay the wages for the next two days, he added.The employees working with 25 public sector banks , 12 private sector banks and 6 foreign banks participated in the strike, said M V Rajan, district general secretary, of Coimbatore District Bank Employeees Association.He said that the reforms suggested by the government would totally affect the banking sector and the employees. The reforms suggest increasing foreign direct investment from 1 per cent to 10 per cent in public sector banks, and from 10 to 26 percent in private sector banks.In the name of banking sector reforms, the government is trying to reduce their share of equity capital in public sector banks, thereby, increasing their hold of private capital in these banks.The unions have been demanding the nationalization of all banks in the country, while maintaining the minimum FDI. He said that recommendations of Khandelwal Committee suggest outsourcing bank jobs and scrapping bipartite settlements done since 1966. Most of the recommendations are anti employee, he added. They are also demanding the additional staff. There are over 2 lakh vacancies to be filled. The government should allow a five day work week, appointment of people on compassionate grounds and increase in pension for retired employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15611346", "title": "Woman branded \u2018witch\u2019, daughter harassed in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A dalit widow, Bhuri Devi of Kajipura village in a remote Kekri block of the district, was allegedly branded a 'witch' and forced to leave the village. The marital alliance of her daughter was also 'broken off ' by the villagers and she was manhandled by some village leaders. Villagers forcefully tried to cut her hair and the two women were beaten badly.Following her daughter's harassment, Bhuri Devi approached the police station. Taking the issue seriously deputy superintendent of police Sarita Singh instructed that action be taken against the accused.An FIR was registered and the main accused was arrested while others fled the village. The dalit woman was working as a labourer.\"There was a group of people that harassed me by calling me a witch whenever I passed by them,\" said the victim. Bhuri Devi tried to get her daughter married as she suspected some villagers of casting an evil eye on her. When Bhuri Devi tried to fix her marriage, the villagers broke it off by telling the groom's family that the girl's mother was a witch.\"Modulal, Raju, Prahlad and Pushkar barged into my house on Monday night and started abusing me and even tried to throw me out from the village. They beat me badly saying a witch cannot live in this village and even abused my daughter,\" said Bhuri Devi.\"We need security and action against the accused for the safety of my daughter,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609745", "title": "Karnataka Examination Authority to declare counselling results today", "text": "BANGALORE: For the sake of some students who won't surrender their seats, you can't deprive many others of their opportunity, the high court said on Wednesday. It directed Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) to announce on Thursday the results of its second round of counselling for casual round seats.The division bench, headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen, passed this order pursuant to a PIL filed by advocate K Sreedhar. \"Some students not surrendering their allotment of seats made by KEA will not be a good ground to deprive seats to a larger section of students. The latter will be waiting to opt for a college/subject of their choice in the second round casual vacancy round.\"Therefore, the KEA must conduct the second round of casual vacancy selection on August 23 at 11am, the bench observed. If that happens, a candidate will know his/her position and will be liable to surrender the seat secured by ComedK allotment. If it's held after the cutoff date fixed by ComedK, a candidate will not be left with the option to select a seat in a college of his/her choice in the second round counseling... the bench added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15609718", "title": "Winged visitors come in early from the cold", "text": "BANGALORE: Wetland waders Common and Green Sandpiper, Common Redshank, Lesser Sandplover, Garnagey ducks and shore birds Little Stint and Rusf, the migratory birds which fly all the way from the Arctic Circle, have already arrived here.They usually reach South India by end-October or early-November but have landed in huge numbers. The good news is that their count will swell over the next few months. There have been early sightings in Hessaraghatta, Manipal, Kanakapura Road and Mysore too.\"Environmental trigger brings about a hormonal change in winged creatures and they migrate to other parts of the world. Perhaps significant climate changes prompted early movement this year,\" said ornithologist MB Krishna.Bird lovers have spotted these winged guests aplenty in Bharatpur, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi too.\"It's great to see birds of such a wide variety of species already here but it's difficult to understand why it's so early. The European Cuckoo (which usually flies through India) has settled down here this year and the Rosy Starling (Myna) have been spotted. They've come from Russia and Mongolia,\" KS Gopi Sundar, regional director, US-based International Crane Foundation, told TOI. It takes the birds a week to travel from North India to South India.All might not be wellThough happy with the sighting, experts say such early migration is unusual. \"Reportedly, there is a shift in the magnetic field of the earth and secondly it's learnt that solar flares (a phenomenon of the sun's surface) are likely to be more this year. Birds, which have an in-built magnetic campus, can perceive that and move out of places which they think will be unsafe in the long run,\" said Sundar.Why birds migrateFor all birds, one of the main driving force behind migration is food scarcity. If all birds were to stay in the same tropical regions through the year, food would become scarce and breeding would be less successful. But as food sources regenerate in the north each spring, millions of birds migrate to those areas to take advantage of the abundance. As food supplies dwindle in the fall, they return to replenished tropical regions.Climate change is another key reason. Many birds leave Arctic breeding grounds when temperatures begin to dip and they need more temperate habitats. Similarly, the hot tropical regions can be harsh for raising chicks, and it is advantageous to lay eggs further north.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608306", "title": "Over 2,000 potholes in just one zone", "text": "NAGPUR: As every citizen knows, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) engineers' claim that they had freed city roads from potholes has proved bogus. Over 2,000 potholes were recorded in just Laxmi Nagar zone during the inspection by the members of Standing committee.The engineers from all 10 zones in the reports submitted to standing committee claimed that there were just 1,256 potholes remaining on the roads as on August 10. The chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari set a deadline of August 15 to repair all potholes. With deadline passing, the members of standing committee were asked to inspect the roads and submit reports. The members inspected the roads on Tuesday and Wednesday.Tiwari told TOI that the reports from five zones were received on Wednesday. \"Laxmi Nagar zone is the worst. Standing committee member Parinay Fuke reported large number of potholes from here. I asked road-wise details from Fuke and will initiate action against engineers. The reports from Dharampeth Zone, Gandhibagh Zone and Ashi Nagar Zone were satisfactory,\" he said.Fuke said, \"over 70 potholes were found on Narendra Nagar RoB to Jaitala road, 60-70 on Ring Road between Octroi post and Pratap Nagar, and large number of potholes in Takli Sim ward. The engineers, in the name of repairing it, had only filled them with red sand in many areas especially on busy Wardha road. Surface layer of many roads was in bad condition,\" he said.Another member Aslam Khan, who inspected Satranjipura Zone, said there were over 350 potholes in the zone including over 70 above 12 metre width. Satish Holey reported over 350 potholes from Nehru Nagar Zone. Praful Gudadhe and Ravindra Dolas reported satisfactory work in Dharampeth Zone and Gandhibagh Zone, respectively.It also came to fore that there was confusion among the members of standing committee about the inspection. Raju Lokhande, who was to inspect Hanuman Nagar Zone, said the inspection was guided by the engineers. \"Engineers showed the repaired potholes. I did not visit all the roads, especially Ring Road. I did not know I was to inspect all roads on my own,\" he said.Corporator from Hanuman Nagar Zone Yogesh Tiwari told TOI that the condition of roads in the zone was very bad. \"Over 100 potholes could be seen in my ward itself,\" he said.The standing panel chief said further steps would be decided after receiving reports from all members.Meanwhile, sources said officials had already initiated action on engineers of Dharampeth Zone for submitting false report of potholes and unsatisfactory repairing work. \"Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare inspected the roads and directed assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney to issue notices. The engineers including deputy engineer SS Pillay were given notices,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15610996", "title": "Killers of taxi driver in police net", "text": "KOCHI: After a week-long probe , the police have arrested three persons suspected to have murdered Hyder Ali (46), a taxi driver from Perumbavoor. The culprits have been identified as Chinnaraja and Sebastian , both from Tamil Nadu , and Mani of Kothamedu , Munnar . One more suspect is at large . Police say it was Mani who hired Ali's taxi from Kuruppampady taxi stand on August 15 afternoon.On August 16, the Kuruppampady police started the murder probe after they found Ali's half-burned body from a small bush near Nellimugal . The cops first quizzed the fellow taxi drivers of Ali. Based on their description of the person who hired Ali's car , cops drew a sketch of the culprit (Mani ). The drivers at the stand had also told the cops that Mani had told them that he was from Vaikkara , a place 4km away from the taxi stand.Cops , based on this information , went to Vaikkara and found that Mani had been living in a rented house in the locality for the past couple of years. \"W e caught hold of Mani from Munnar . On interrogation , Mani gave us the details of the other three persons involved in the crime . We have arrested two of them. The fourth one is yet to be caught ,\" said K Harikrishnan , DySP , Perumbavoor.Mani came to the Kuruppampady taxi stand on August 15 afternoon looking for a taxi to Pooppara , police said . Taxi driver Hyder Ali agreed and they set off to the destination . At Kothamangalam , the three other culprits joined the trip.When the cab reached Pooppara , all except Mani got off the car , and Mani's wife joined him . Mani then told Ali that he wanted to take his wife to her house in neighbouring Tamil Nadu . After leaving his wife to nurse her ailing mother , Mani returned in the taxi to Poopara.At Poopara , the three other culprits re-joined the trip . When the car reached a deserted place near Nellimugal , Mani and his accomplices told Ali that they wanted to get off. They also asked Ali to open the boot of the car.While Ali opened the boot, Chinnaraja first hit him on his head with a hammer followed by Sebastian . Later they burned his body using petrol . After the murder , Mani repainted Ali's car with a new colour and secured a Tamil Nadu registration number before using it as a taxi.Crime against taxi driversNovember 2, 2011: A young taxi driver, Anup Abraham (25), of Mannuthy near Thrissur was murdered by two persons who attempted to take away his car. The body of the driver was found near Kuthiranal, 12km away from Thrissur town.June 1, 2010: A driver, K Santhosh, of Pipeline Road, Palarivattom, was killed by two persons after they hired his taxi for a trip to Palakkad. The culprits took away the car which Santhosh had bought 25 days ago.Possible solutions* Direct taxi owners to install global positioning system in vehicles * Before going for a trip, taxi drivers should collect a copy of valid identification document of the passenger along with a contact number and give it either to nearest police station or to a person whom the driver knows personally", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15608041", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Gurgaon BMW hit-and-run case", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigating team (SIT) filed a chargesheet in the BMW hit-and-run case on Wednesday-over thrre months after the incident. The over 100-page chargesheet was filed in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate Jasbeer Singh. It names Suraj Sherawat as the main accused.Earlier, the state government had directed Gurgaon police to file the chargesheet in the case within seven days. But cops kept delaying it, saying that the FSL in Madhuban had not delivered their report on the blood samples of Sherawat and the stains found in the BMW after the accident. It is a tad surprising how SIT filed the chargesheet even as the cops were told that the report would come by August 23 only.DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal was not available for comments.On May 5, a speeding BMW car had rammed into an Indigo near IFFCO Tower in which a pregnant woman, Kshama, and the car driver, Sanjay Gulati, were killed.The BMW was allegedly driven by Sherawat, son of Devender Sherawat, an influential Gurgaon-based businessman who reportedly owns a fleet of 1,000 cabs.Sherawat was granted bail just a few hours after he surrendered in a city court 10 days after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610065", "title": "Chennai schools up pool safety after 10-yr-old\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: For the past week, ever since news of 10-year-old M Ranjan drowning during his swim class at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan (PSBB) School in KK Nagar hit the headlines, several city schools which have swimming pools have been reviewing precautionary measures they have in place.Over at the Orca swimming club at Lady Andal Venkatasubbarao School, construction of an 8-foot-high lifeguard station began this week. \"We always have two coaches and two lifeguards on duty whenever swimming classes,\" said swim coach K K Mukundan, who heads the club. \"But to add to the safety we are constructing the new station. This way, a lifeguard will be able to see the entire pool at any time,\" he said.On Wednesday, at the Velammal International School in Ponneri, the management called in doctors from Sri Ramachandra Medical College to conduct a life skills and disaster management training programme for the teaching staff. \"Our primary focus was water safety,\" says K Kothandaraman, senior principal of the school.\"Being a residential school, we need a swimming pool. At the time of admission, we inform parents about swimming classes and ask for their consent. If they do not want their child to take part, the student is not forced,\" he said. He adds that the school has two swimming coaches and two life guards and one teacher present during swimming classes.Over the past week, Tarun Murugesh, Rashtriya Life Saving Society's trainer for Tamil Nadu, has been receiving frantic calls from school managements as well as private clubs, seeking to renew their lifeguard certifications. \"The certificate is only valid for a year. The reason is that we want the lifeguards to be as fit and alert as they were at the time when they were cleared as lifeguards. If they have become unfit, they will no longer be able to perform as lifeguards,\" he said. RLSS, which is a pan Indian organisation, provides leadership in lifesaving activities.Murugesh adds that most schools and clubs don't send their lifeguards in for renewal of the certification. \"But in the past few days, many schools have called us and said they want renewals done within a week,\" he said.Meanwhile, even though PSBB has reopened, the school's swimming pool remains closed. No decision has been made as to when or if the pool will be reopened. Likewise at Chettinad Vidyashram School, the management has decided to close the pool for now. \"We are all now only taking 'theory' classes in swimming,\" said one of the coaches at the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15609405", "title": "Builders dig illegal borewells in new sectors, defy court orders", "text": "GURGAON: Much like any other new sector in Gurgaon, frantic constructions are going on in full swing in Sector 65, Gurgaon. The borewells are being used unabated and there is no one to take action, despite the Punjab and Haryana high court ban on using ground water from borewells.TOI accessed the entire record of the Town and Country Planning (TCP), mentioning details of the builders, number of illegal and legal borewells at the sites and it seems the builders dug borewells without much hassles.Security guards feigned ignorance about the illegally dug borewells in the area. The TCP office has listed over 162 illegal borewells at construction sites in new sectors, from 57-115. There is no estimate of the exact volume of ground water being drawn by these illegal borewells but it would be running into several lakhs of litres every day for construction work. For instance, in Sector 65 alone, two different builders have dug borewells and they did not have permission from the competent authority. TCP source said both the builders have commercial license to develop ten acres of land in Sector 65.Due to plummeting water table, the borewells are being dug as deep as 200 feet in the new sectors (57-115) in Gurgaon, which according to experts is a worrying aspect. \"Much of the ground water has already been exploited for construction in Gurgaon, now the least the state government can do is to not allow any construction unless every housing and commercial project has elaborate rain water harvesting plan. If it doesn't happen then it would be a big problem for the city,\" said Atul Dev, INTACH, convener, Gurgaon chapter.Since the construction at most of the sites being at initial stage, the experts claim it is the right time to implement stringent regulation to save ground water table. \"Before allowing constructions in the new sectors the state government must study the hydrological mapping of the entire area and pin point the place to know the exact status of the water level,\" said professor KT Ravindran, of School of Planning and Architecture.He also claimed that if the state authorities fail to regular the borewells now then it would be disastrous for the city.Thanks to rapid urbanization and real estate boom the city has approximately over 20,000 borewells in both rural and urban areas including the industrial belt Manesar. \"The manner in which ground water is being drawn, there is no doubt that city is heading towards an irrecoverable water table crisis. Apart from banning borewells, the state government must draft a water conservation policy for Gurgaon otherwise there will be a day when under ground water will not be available,\" R S Rathee, president, Gurgaon Citizens Council.The permission for digging borewell in the district is given by the district administration committee headed by the deputy commissioner in Gurgaon. Water shortage and lack of water distribution system of the authorities like HUDA, the residents rely on borewells for drinking water. It is not just the residents even the civic agencies, like HUDA, MCG and Public health department too rely on borewells for supply water.The latest census data paints a bleak picture of the water supply in the district, as over 81,189 households, both rural and urban, depend on borewells and 12,557 household depend on hand pumps in the district. \"In new sectors, the government has no water supply policy. These sectors (beyond 57 sector) are not linked to any water supply lines.Now the authorities have found 162 borewells dug for several housing projects this shows the administration did nothing to prevent illegal borewells,\" Rathee. According to the conservative estimates if each borewell has capacity of drawing over 3000 liters per hour then the builders are using several million gallons water for construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608924", "title": "Goons kill man after fight with son, two held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 57-year-old man was murdered within hours of his son lodging a police complaint against three local goons. The son had picked up a fight with the trio on the night before the murder. While two of the accused, Shamim and Manoj, have been arrested, their associate Aneesh is yet to be nabbed.The deceased, Padam, a resident of Sunlight Colony, was killed on August 13. He had come from Nepal and had settled in the city several year ago. His son, Sonu, a helper at the Sarai Kale Khan inter-state bus terminal, used to work with the accused but they recently had a falling out.\"Padam's elder son Raju and daughter are residents of Badarpur and Madangir respectively whereas Padam lived with his wife and Sonu. Padam's wife went missing after the incident but was picked up from a nearby jungle,\" said Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP (southeast). She revealed that her younger son had got into an argument with three men after which he filed a police complaint against them. When he came out of the station, he was again confronted by the goons who asked him whether he was trying to get them arrested.On sustained interrogation, Shamim said that Sonu had picked up a quarrel with his younger brother Aneesh. He called his friend Manoj and decided to eliminate Sonu. \"They arranged for a sharp-edged weapon and headed to Sonu's house. However, they found that Sonu was missing and his father was sleeping on the ground. In a fit of rage, they decided to kill his father too. They overpowered Padam and stabbed him several times with a dagger before smashing his head with a stone. In order to evade arrest, the trio fled to Punjab,\" said Chaudhry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15611327", "title": "Now, an \u2018invisible helmet\u2019 that keeps hair intact and head safe", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two Swedish women have invented a bicycle helmet that remains invisible unless you need the headgear which is designed to inflate in a fraction of a second. The Hovding has been invented by Anna Haupt and Terese Alstin to solve the issues we all have with helmets like giving bad hair. The Hovding looks like a collar at first, worn around the neck. Inside it is an air bag, similar to the ones in your car.The helmet also has a \"black box\", similar to ones on airplanes, to record the movements of the cyclist, and recognize the acceleration and angular velocity during an accident. Haupt said, \"We wanted to see if there was a way to change helmets and wanted people to wear them by free will, not by law. We found out people wanted something that was almost invisible that did not destroy their hair or annoy them. \" According to the company's website, shaped like a hood, the air bag is triggered when sensors \u2014 a combination of accelerometers and gyroscopes, pick up \"abnormal movements of a bicyclist in an accident\". The air bag can inflate and surround your head in 0.1 seconds. A small gas inflator fills it with helium. It needs to be powered on for which there is a power button and when it's on, LEDs light up to tell you how much electricity you have to work the inflator.There is also a sound to tell you it is powered on in case you cannot see it around your neck. That means you also have to charge the invisible helmet. It uses a microUSB port and the company says a charge lasts about a month during normal use. The data is stored in the Hovding so the company can then see what sort of accident it was.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15608960", "title": "Red tape knots up Calvim bridge construction", "text": "MAPUSA: The state government is still in the process of acquiring land for construction of the Calvim bridge.One of chief minister Manohar Parrikar's first post-election promises was to build the bridge within eight months. Five months have elapsed and the land acquisition process is still not complete.\"Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act (publication of preliminary notification and power of officers thereupon) has been imposed,\" sources said.Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) recently held a meeting with land owners and the report of the meeting will be submitted to the government after which Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act (declaration that land is required for a public purpose) will be published, sources said.Aldona MLA Glen Ticlo said, \"Construction of the bridge will be a priority. We will fulfill the promises made by the government.\" He added, \"It will take eight months from now to complete the bridge.\"Work on the bridge linking Carona to Calvim was expected to start in July and was due to be completed by March 2013. Till date only testing of soil is on.GSIDC had floated a tender to construct the Calvim bridge on March 23, soon after Parrikar had visited Calvim. The construction of the single span steel bridge is estimated to cost of Rs 61.26 cr. The length of the bridge, including the approach road, will be around 250m.In a tragic accident in February, six persons, including four school children, died when the mini bus they were travelling in fell into the Calvim river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15611194", "title": "Eye on elections, BJP govt to buy power worth Rs 2,200 cr", "text": "BHOPAL: With an eye on the 2013 assembly elections in the state, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government is planning to purchase power worth Rs 2,200 crore for the next 18 months from October 1 this year.The Shivraj Singh Chouhan government is embarking on an initiative to minimize the sufferings of the common man in a bid to make a hat-trick of electoral wins.MP power management company (MPPMC) has already placed an order with the Power Trading Company (PTC) to buy 400 mw power daily from October 1 to March 31, 2014. The state is going to buy power at an average Rs 4.15 per unit, a top official of company said. \"We are going to buy 300 mw energy for Rs 4.19 per unit and the rest for Rs 4.11 per unit,\" he added\"We are going to get the working capital for power purchase from the state government,\" he said adding that the MP cabinet has already cleared the plan, last week.Though the polls are supposed to take place in November next year, it appears the government has realized that power might become a big poll plank in the polls and it is not prepared to take any chance. Right now a number of thermal projects of government and private sector companies were coming up and some are likely to be commissioned before polls.In December 2003, the Congress lost power in MP after electricity crisis became a major issue in the assembly polls. Then after BJP's clean sweep, the outgoing chief minister Digvijay Singh had said that his party had received an 'electricity shock'. Though, the BJP came to power promising round-the-clock power, things have not changed much and the rural areas of the state are subjected to power cuts ranging from one to twelve hours, especially during Rabi season when electricity demand climbs to 8500 mega watt (MW).During the Rabi season, the agriculture load in MP usually shoots up, fanning a power shortage of more than 2500 mw, leading to heavy load-shedding.It is surprising that despite the financial health of the three distribution companies (discoms), the state government is going for the power purchase. To run the show, the three companies had sought aggregate revenue requirement (ARR) of Rs 25,939 crore from the MP Electricity Regulatory Commission, but MPERC admitted ARR of Rs 15,667 crore while clearing 7.17 per cent power tariff hike for this fiscal, five month ago.The revenue collection, especially from rural areas and distribution losses of the three discoms were also high in MP, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15608888", "title": "Indian cagers fail Syria test", "text": "NAGPUR: Syria finally snapped a three-game losing streak beating India 69-57 but lost out on goal average tie-breaker as Japan completed the quarterfinals line-up in the 22nd Fiba Asia U-18 Basketball Championship at Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia , on Wednesday.With three successive defeats, Indian cagers finished at the bottom of Group 'E' as the curtain came down on the round-robin stage of the championship. The world no 44 will now play to better their 12th place previous edition finish in the classification games.In contrast to their poor start in earlier games, India began well against their 41st ranked rivals and even had a handy three-point advantage at the halfway mark. After winning the first quarter 17-14, both India and Syria netted 17 points apiece in the second period.The change of ends, however, changed the fortunes in Syria's favour as the lanky lads had little to worry about in their 22-10 runaway win in the third period, which eventually gave them a nine-point lead at the end. After a handy advantage, Syria defended well to take the low-scoring last period 16-13 and register a 12-point victory at the end.For the winners, Trab Mohammad and Obaysi Mohammad Ali combined well to share 35 points between them and snatch the game away from their inexperienced rivals. Indian centre Palpreet Singh Brar once again led the scoring chart with yet another game-high score of 19 points and 13 rebounds. Rakesh Sangwan (14) and Amit Kanarjee (12) too played well. After a day's rest India play Indonesia in the classification game on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15609359", "title": "Illegal roadside cross razed at Benaulim", "text": "MARGAO: A cross located in Vaddem, Benaulim, was demolished by Salcete deputy collector D M Redkar along with a demolition squad on Wednesday, following instructions issued by the administrative tribunal of Goa.Redkar said that a complaint had been filed by the Benaulim locals at the South Goa district collectorate a few years ago, following which an inquiry was carried out which revealed that the cross had been built without any permissions from the government.Demolition squad officials added that the granite cross was built on a path leading to a private property, and \"given that this was a sensitive matter it was taken up with the Church and the issue even reached the Bishop's house where they found that the granite cross was not blessed and they gave the approval for its demolition\".It is to be noted that after cross was removed, Redkar issued instructions that the upper portion of the granite cross should be handed over to the Benaulim church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15611060", "title": "Parthenium awareness week ends at Chandra Shekhar Azad University", "text": "KANPUR: The Parthenium Awareness Week, which started on August 16, concluded on Wednesday after a series of deliberations, awareness programmes, debates and scientific symposiums. The awareness week was being observed at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology.On the last day of the Parthenium Awareness Week, a scientific seminar was organised in Dr Swaminathan Auditorium at CSA.Speaking on the occasion, director (Research), CSA University, LP Tiwari, informed that Parthenium can grow in less water and in different soil conditions. It can also grow in adverse weather conditions.Tiwari told the scientists gathered on the occasion how to identify the beneficial qualities of Parthenium hysterophorus. But he added that as no plant or vegetation can be destroyed completely, similarly, parthenium cannot be rooted out from the soil completely. It would be worth mentioning here that Parthenium hysterophorus, if comes in contact with the human body, causes itching, redness and blisters on skin.Dr S K Arora, HoD, Skin department, GSVM Medical College, while addressing the gathering said that human beings on coming in contact with parthenium experience itching, redness of skin and blisters which require immediate medical attention.Dr Sudhir Kumar, HoD of the Heart and Cardiac Diseases Department, said parthenium can cause heart and breathing related aliments in a human. He also said that it can cause allergy to human beings and this can be witnessed when there is itching in eyes, water discharge from nose and feeling difficulty in breathing. Therefore, one must seek doctor consultation if he/she comes across any such sympotms, said Dr Kumar further.RA Yadav, convener of the programme, informed TOI that through various events serious efforts were made to educate the villagers about the problem Parthenium hysterophorus can cause and the ways to protect crops from the same.Prof Naushad Khan, Prof M P Yadav, Prof Mithlesh Verma and several other senior faculty members of CSA varsity were present during the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15612297", "title": "Arjun, Ranveer bury hatchet, star in YRF 's next", "text": "The off screen rivals will play good friends in Mere Brother Ki Dulhann director Ali Abbas Zafar's filmGone are the days when leading actors willingly shared screen space in films like Sholay and Shaan that went on to become blockbusters. In present day Bollywood , getting two actresses, leave alone leading actors, to co-exist in a film, have resulted in many a catfightRanbir and controversy makers have tried, but failed to bring together the gen-next heroes - be it Ranbir Kapoor , Imran Khan , Shahid Kapoor , Ranveer Singh or even one-film-old Arjun Kapoor. But Yash Raj Films seems to have achieved the feat.Ranveer and Arjun, who have not been the best of friends have been signed on as parallel male leads in Mere Brother Ki Dulhann director Ali Abbas Zafar's next. When contacted, YRF spokesperson confirmed saying, \"Yes, Ali Abbas Zafar is directing his next film for YRF. It stars Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor. The leading lady has not been finalised.\"The news, however, comes as a pleasant surprise since the two YRF proteges have never been too comfortable with each other. Reportedly, Ranveer wasn't too happy with Arjun's growing popularity after his successful debut in Ishaqzaade. Also, the latter's proximity to Ranveer's alleged girlfriend Anushka Sharma , drove a wedge between the actors.Ever since, Ranveer and Arjun, who were once buddies started maintaining a distance. In fact, in a party that happened in May this year, Ranveer and Arjun reportedly shared rather cold vibes. But the relationship has surely changed since then.According to a source close to the film, \"Ranveer and Arjun have now dissolved their differences. They are both looking forward to working together in the next YRF venture that is likely to go on floors this December.\"Interestingly, the film is about two friends, who fall in love with the same girl. \"The makers feel that Ranveer and Arjun's off screen camaraderie and competitiveness will work for the film. They have a lot of scenes together and as actors they will try to outshine each other,\" added the source.TOI learnt that the production house has already zeroed down on a few names for the one leading lady in the venture. \"Yash Chopra, Aditya Chopra and Ali Abbas Zafar will decide on their heroine soon,\" the source told us.However, considering Katrina Kaif's current relationship with the production house - she is the leading lady in three YRF projects back-to-back Ek Tha Tiger , Yash Chopra's untitled and Dhoom 3 , we won't be surprised if she bags this one as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15610454", "title": "Eight test positive for H1N1, 1 critical", "text": "PUNE: Eight people tested positive for swine flu in the city on Wednesday. One from among them - a 25-year-old man from Sadashiv Peth - is critically ill.Since the beginning of this month, the H1N1 virus has claimed 10 lives in different parts of the state and infected over 140 people, officials said.\"The condition of the 25-year-old man is critical. He has been put on ventilator support. The remaining seven people who tested positive are stable,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Of the seven infected, four patients are in their late 20s and are residents of Bhandarkar road, Kasba Peth, Sinhagad road and Magarpatta city, Hadapsar. The remaining three are in their late 30s and residents of Bibvewadi, Vishrantwadi and Kalewadi Phata.Three of them are being treated at civic-run Naidu Hospital, while four are being treated at different private hospitals designated for treatment of swine flu, civic health officials said.The city reported 39 positive cases and two deaths due to swine flu in August. In July, there were 18 positive cases. tnnand one casualty. Since April, the city has reported 194 positive cases and nine deaths, so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15608443", "title": "Training to help patients stand on their feet", "text": "MYSORE: A four-day training programme, aimed at rekindling the hopes of patients who often fall prey to depression and become dependent on their relatives, began at the Vivekananda Institute of Leadership Development on Hebbal road in the city on Tuesday.Swamy Vivekananda Youth Movement (SVYM) under its Palliative care project, is organizing the income generation camp, arguably first such initiative in the state, to support people suffering from chronic ailments.During the four-day camp, patients and their family members are given training in manufacturing umbrella, artificial jewellery, handbag and artificial flowers. The programme is designed in a way to facilitate them to become earning members.\"Palliative care focuses on relieving and preventing the sufferings of patients during all the stages of their diseases. The government must also take up measures to take care of such patients,\" SVYM founder R Balasubramaniam said.Many patients suffer from psychological problems. This training will help them focus on creative work, and thereby reduce chances of getting into depression, head of the community-based programmes Manoj Sebastian claimed. Four trained professionals from Kerala, who are suffering from chronic ailments, but made successful careers braving all odds, will train the patients.\"We have been training patients for the past five years to make them mentally strong and economically independent,\" Jose Pulimoottir, coordinator of Palliative Care Rehabilitation Centre in Kerala, said.\"I feel happy that I get a chance to learn something which will help me lead an independent life,\" Sangamesh (name changed), who is on wheel chair for the past five years, said.Ashwini (name changed), an HIV patient, who cannot go and work outside, hopes this camp would help her earn money sitting home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15609953", "title": "Houses washed away in Jagatpura", "text": "JAIPUR: Abdul Hamid, a mason staying in the foothills of Jhalana hills in Kho Naugaurian village near Jagatpura, slept early on Tuesday night after shopping for his two sons' wedding due in a fortnight.He was happy with his purchase, which comprised a television set and some jewellery and clothes.However, the happiness was short-lived as he woke up with a start around midnight to find that a huge boulder had hit the tin door and all that he had purchased had been washed away with the water.Standing in knee-deep muddy water, Hamid shouted for help even as water gushed into the house from all corners.A few yards away, his neighbour Salim, who stays with his widowed mother, saw his house being washed away in the torrential rain. \"We have no roof on our head,\" said Salim. Amid the distress, Salim's mother was relieved that her three grandchildren had gone to their maternal grandmother's house for Eid celebrations and were spared the agonizing sight.Due to the incessant rain, 10 houses were either washed away or completely destroyed in the area.\"Fortunately there was no loss of life,\" said Zahoor Khan, a forest guard. The roads in Kho-Nagaurian village even in the morning were submerged. Trees laid limp in the slush.\"Around 1.30 am, I heard a deafening noise that seemed like rolling of stones. Out of fear, I ran for my life. In the morning I saw all my large grown fruit trees planted over past 20 years uprooted and finished,\" said Chotu, whose house too was washed away.According to Ganesh pujari shortly after midnight there was a loud thunderstorm and lightening followed by what sounded like a loud explosion. For almost a kilometer stones came rolling down from the hill. \"We have seen water like this after '81. There is little regard for nature and people are playing with nature. Over the last few years a lot of construction had come up here that was kind of blocking the natural drainage,\" he said. Besides there is large scale tree felling and illegal construction and encroachments in the entire area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15610139", "title": "Rainfall to take a short break, may be back again by weekend", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rainfall activity increased in the state capital on Wednesday, keeping temperatures below normal. Cloudy sky with intermittent drizzles and a couple of heavy showers kept the climate pleasant. The weatherman said that rainfall will decline on Thursday but will revive again by the weekend.The maximum temperature in the city was 28.6 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal. The minimum temperature was 24.6, a degree below normal. The total rainfall recorded during last 24 hours (from 5.30 pm on Tuesday to 5.30 pm on Wednesday) was 53 mm. Although waterlogging was reported from some areas due to couple of heavy showers during the day, by and large people were seen enjoying the rainfall.State Met director JP Gupta said that the low pressure area over south UP and adjoining north Madhya Pradesh is responsible for the rainfall in the state. However, the weather mechanism causing rain is likely to weaken during next 24 hours, he added. The rainfall activity will be low for next two-three days but is expected to revive again by Saturday or Sunday.The rain in last two days has decreased the rain deficit in the state.Rain and thundershowers would occur at many places and heavy rainfall may occur at isolated places in UP during next 48 hours.The Central Water Commission report stated that Sharda river was flowing above the red mark in Palia Kalan and Ghaghra was above the danger mark at Elgin Bridge.Ghaghra was near the danger mark at Ayodhya. Yamuna was rising from Baghpat to Agra and Rapti from Bahraich to Bansi.According to reports, Bhinga recorded 180 mm rains during last 24 hours followed by Ghazipur 120 mm, Banda, Agra and Etawah 70 mm each, Bahriach, Mathura, Saharanpur, Mahoba and Hathras 50 mm each, Mirzapur and Fatehpur 40 mm each, Muzaffarnagar, Jhansi, Amethi and Ghazipur 30 mm each, Ghosi, Jalaun, Hardoi, Pratapgarh, Allahabad and Balrampur 20 mm each and Aligarh and Varanasi 10 mm each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15608449", "title": "Court acquits Babloo Srivastava, aide of MCOCA charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another setback to the special cell, alleged underworld don Babloo Srivastava and his assistant Fazal-ur-Rehman got a major reprieve at a Delhi court recently when they were acquitted from the stringent MCOCA charges against them for running organized crime syndicate in New Delhi between 1995 and 2006. Most of the time Babloo was behind bars and Fazlur allegedly in Malaysia.The judgment passed by ASJ Meena Bansal said that the cops have failed to prove their chargesheet. The judge ruled that chargesheet failed to specify how the two persons joined hands to continue leading the gang. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15610142", "title": "Plea seeks to end misuse of national flag", "text": "CHENNAI: An ex-serviceman has moved the Madras high court seeking to prevent the misuse of the national flag by people celebrating Independence Day and other occasions.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy, before which the PIL filed by former Indian Air Force personnel R Kannan came up for admission on Wednesday, issued notices to the central and state governments.In his petition, Kannan, who is at present working as an English teacher in a government school in Kancheepuram district with the permission of the district collector, said no inscriptions, writings, printing or any form of defacement should be permitted on the tricolour as per the Flag Code of India.However, during the recent Independence Day celebrations, he said, he was pained to witness children wearing disfigured and defaced National Flag without realising the dishonour they were doing to the flag. He said though several pictures and writings were made on the flags to attract children to celebrate the day, it was in utter violation of the Flag Code.The mandatory requirement that the length and breadth ratio of the National Flag should be 3:2 and that it should not be worn below the waist too was being violated, he said.timeschennai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-23"}
