{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824297", "title": "Reel aping sparks real debate", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Don't watch Hindi films'. Many have grown up listening to this dictum of parents, if not obeying it always. The maxim was to prevent impressionable children and teens from becoming fatuous and vacuous, like the leading men of Bollywood, whose strategy for wooing the ladies involved not beautiful verses, but a blathering barrage of vexing inanities and worse.But the death of Nirbhaya has led to introspection among filmmakers. Is the depiction of women in Bollywood as objects of unbridled lust in any way responsible for the cataract of contemptible behaviour that led to the 23-year-old Delhi girl's gangrape? A typical story in Hindi cinema involves boy hating girl, boy harassing girl, and despite all, girl loving boy. Stalking and pestering of heroines in Hindi films has been going on for decades. Who can forget Aamir Khan's character scaring Madhuri Dixit's with rape in Dil? \"Harassment of women in Hindi movies has been legitimized down the generations. From Dilip Sahab and Shammi Kapoor to Shah Rukh Khan, the hero teases the heroine till she yields. The lady may say 'badtameez', but her heart melts eventually,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.Should Bollywood continue to bow to market demands by presenting Chikni Chamelis and Munnis? Some filmmakers emphatically say 'no'. 'Ban commoditisation of women,' they say. Actor-activist Shabana Azmi feels the first aspect to be looked at is the item number. \"It's time our heroines exercised discretion. They should look at the choices they make in their desire to feature in a 'hit item number',\" she told TOI. \"I am upset about fragmented images of a woman's heaving bosom, swivelling navel and swinging hips, which rob her of all autonomy and make her an object of male lust. Voyeuristic camera angles and vulgar lyrics do not celebrate a woman's sensuality, they demean her.\"Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said the film industry can no longer live in denial. \"The thing about young people is that when they see things presented in the mass media, they start copying the acts. It's time we paused and did some midcourse correction.\"Director Reema Kagti agrees that filmmakers need to be responsible in their portrayal of women. \"The most popular type of courtship in our films seems to be what in real life is known as stalking,\" she says. \"As filmmakers, we need to acknowledge that what we put out shapes our culture and society. In real life, women are put off by stalkers and reject them, which leads to violence to avenge the rejection.\"Not all of Bollywood should be painted with the same brush, says film writer Dilip Thakur. \"There have been films like Raj Kumar Santoshi's Damini, in which the girl gets justice and the rapist is punished. In B R Chopra's Insaaf Ka Tarazu, Zeenat Aman shoots Raj Babbar to avenge the rape of her sister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825543", "title": "Stage set for privatization of Aurangabad's water management", "text": "AURANGABAD: The stage is all set for privatization of city's water management from January 1, 2013. The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Sunday conducted two seminars in the city to make people aware of the ambitious project.\"The city's water system will improve by leaps and bounds due to first-of-its-kind project in the country. We are on the verge of a huge transformation in the field of water management. The age-old infrastructure will be replaced with state-of-the-art facilities that will provide round the clock water supply to the people,\" said municipal commissioner, Purushottam Bhapkar in his keynote address at one of the seminars.Executive engineer Sakharam Panzade said AMC was one of the few civic bodies in the country which is dependent on water source that is located at a distance of 45 kilometres from the city. \"It takes a lot of effort and money to pump water from Jayakwadi dam to the city. This escalates the water tariff. However, with the new hydraulic system in place, the cost will be minimized and leakages will be taken care off,\" he said.The special purpose vehicle (SVP) - Aurangabad City Water Utility Company Limited (ACWUCL) - will shoulder the responsibility of drawing water from Jayakwadi dam and supply it to the consumers in the city. Under public private partnership (PPP) model, the SVP will handle the project for a period of 20 years in three stages.The first phase of six-month preparatory period had already begun and will conclude on December 31, 2012. In the second phase with three years, the company will construct and rehabilitate the infrastructure. And in the final phase with 17 years, operation and maintenance of the project will be handled.Agency to check thefts, leakagesBusiness Head - ACWUCL Shreerang Deshpande said that here onwards, the Aurangabad City Water Utility Company Limited will monitor water leakages and thefts in each zone. All the six zones will be divided into sub zones and the private agency will install bulk water meters at source of the wards. These meters will give readings of quantity of water supplied to specific wards. Apart from this, all consumers in the wards will also have meters and sum of quantity of water will be displayed at each meter and will compare readings with the bulk meter. The quantity of water loss can be judged from the difference in quantity at source and delivery points.Project to meet demand till 2041The municipal corporation officials said that the new project would take care of citizens' water needs till year 2041. \"The system was designed keeping in mind the increase in city's population in the next 30 years. People will get sufficient water even in 2026, when the population will cross 17 lakh mark. Similarly in 2041, when the city will be occupied by more than 24.5 lakh resident, the system will still take care of increased water demand,\" Panzade said.Pay as per useUnder the present conditions, the citizens pay water charges based on the number of connections and there is no provision of a meter that could measure the quantity of water consumed by the users. At present, every individual consumer is paying Rs 2,500 per annum per connection. It means that there is disparity among the consumers who use water cautiously and are forced to pay at par with those who lavishly consume water. \"However, after the installation of meters, the consumers will have to pay as per their use and it may happen that people will have to pay even less than Rs 2500 per year,\" Bhapkar said.Use of SCADA systemFormer member secretary of Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran, Sanjay Dahasahasra said a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system, a widely distributed computerized system used to remotely control and monitor the conditions of field-based assets from a central location, would be implemented under the proposed project. It will allow control of all the parameters from a single point thus making it efficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824171", "title": "Resurgence of people's movement", "text": "Pitch for a new leadership to a movement virtually without a leader. The city travelled a long distance this year. If it was corrupt and ineffective governance that galvanized people most of the time, by the time the year ended, the outrage was focused on lack of security for women in the city following the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman. And this time, even the new leaders were taking the cue from the people. The awakening was complete at India Gate and the panic in the political leadership quite evident.After leading a movement for an anti-corruption law throughout 2011, Team Anna started the year on a weak note with a feeble response to its three-day protest in Mumbai. As the movement lost momentum, Anna Hazare and another leading light, Arvind Kejriwal , looked towards the capital.Trying to gain more supporters, Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev joined hands in June. In a one-day fast at Parliament Street, Ramdev invited Hazare and they appeared on a common platform to fight against corruption and black money. Although this protest saw a huge turnout, tension between the allies was palpable. Most Hazare supporters refused to mingle with the saffron brigade while a few tried to strike a balance.In July, Team Anna made a comeback. Given Hazare's poor health, he was not allowed to fast. Instead, Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai sat on a fast at Jantar Mantar, demanding resignation of 15 ministers. Although the fast attracted support, it could not match the wave created in August 2011 at Ramlila Maidan.With several states going to polls from late 2012 and the Lok Sabha elections due in 2014, the anti-graft movement's political transformation seemed a done deal, and by the end of the fast, the movement's leadership had decided to turn into a political alternative to take the fight for an anti-corruption bill to Parliament. This created a rift in Team Anna, eventually leading to a division.While Hazare and Kiran Bedi decided to stay apolitical and continue with the anti-corruption protest, Kejriwal and his supporters went political.Kejriwal began his political journey with a series of exposes. The first in line was Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law, Robert Vadra. Next came Congress leader Salman Khurshid and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari . In the capital, Kejriwal gunned for chief minister Sheila Dikshit with a 'bijli-paani aandolan'. In November, he named his outfit Aam Aadmi Party.Ramdev also put up another show of strength by fasting for three days at Ramlila Maidan in the presence of 10,000 supporters and organizing a maha rally in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17829878", "title": "Denim processing unit damaged in fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A denim processing unit in Arvind Mills premises on Naroda Road reported major fire on Sunday late. The extent of damage is yet to assessed. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) reached the spot with 12 vehicles and doused the flames after three hours of firefighting.AFES received a call at 2.30 pm after which a team, led by chief fire officer M F Dastoor, rushed to the spot. After assessing the extent of fire, more vehicles, including water tankers, were deployed. \"The fire started from a machine that later spread in other parts where the denim is processed. The exact reason for fire is not known yet,\" said an AFES official.The AFES and security staff at the mill also entered into a scuffle over firefighting and access for the firemen. The matter was resolved after senior officials from both side intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828621", "title": "Talent should flow like a river: Urmila", "text": "As she cavorts and sizzles on the tube, all the viewers are curious about how the Marathi Rangeela girl will judge Dance Maharashtra Dance, a dance reality show that's to air on Zee Marathi.Ask Urmila Matondkar this and she says, \"It's not like being a judge, I am here as a grandmaster and be part of some exciting talent and great passion. Anything to do with dance excites me and when I saw how these contestants have practised for this show, it's really left me amazed. I just wanna to tell them that this is a platform that they must use to the fullest.\"Speaking more about this TV platform, she says, \"See, there are lot of people from the smaller towns and cities who have loads of talent, but they don't know where to showcase it. It's here that I find reality shows coming in and doing their bit. And I hope I can be this inspiring force for the dancers. Talent is limitless and should flow like a river, not stagnate like muddy waters and I hope I can in my own help channelise this huge resource of talent.\" As she readies for her new role, ask her what will be her advice to young contestants and she says, \"Think big...it will help you achieve your dreams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832295", "title": "Rihanna in no rush to have kids", "text": "Singer Rihanna , who has reportedly reunited with ex-boyfriend Chris Browm, says she is in no hurry to start a family.In a recent interview, she was asked whether she wanted a family within the next five years, reports showbizspy.com.\"Definitely not in five years! Eventually I want a family,\" she replied.\"God has a way of working things out the way he wants to and you have no say in that,\" said the 24-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17823841", "title": "Dhoni's heroic ton goes in vain as Pakistan notch up six-wicket win", "text": "CHENNAI: Left-arm pacer Junaid Khan scythed through India's top-order with a four-wicket burst to set up Pakistan's six-wicket victory in the first one-day international at the Chidambaram Stadium on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe 23-year-old Junaid left the home side struggling at 29 for 5 with a destructive opening spell after the tourists opted to bowl first, before MS Dhoni struck a remarkable 113 not out from 125 balls to help India recover to a respectable 227 for 6 in the day match.Left-handed opener Nasir Jamshed struck his second ODI century (101 not out) and the experienced Younus Khan hit 58 as Pakistan achieved the target with 11 deliveries remaining to go 1-0 up in the three-match series. The second ODI will be played in Kolkata on January 3.Junaid exploited the helpful conditions following overnight showers to make a mockery of India's top-order as he dismissed Virender Sehwag (4), Virat Kohli (0), Yuvraj Singh (2) and Rohit Sharma (4) in quick succession in a display of quality seam bowling.Struggling Gautam Gambhir was bowled by tall pacer Mohammad Irfan as India's brittle batting lost their way before man-of-the-match Dhoni hit his eighth ODI hundred and shared in two vital partnerships to put the innings back on track in the first international game implementing a series of rule changes in ODIs.Dropped on 16 by Misbah-ul-Haq off off-spinner Md Hafeez with the team score on 84/5, Dhoni, who braved bouts of cramps, put on 73 in 142 deliveries for the sixth wicket with Suresh Raina (43) to stabilise the innings.Raina fell to Hafeez in the second ball of the batting Powerplay, taken in the 34th over, but Dhoni and Ravichandran Ashwin (31 not out) shared in a 125-run stand for the next wicket with the skipper leading the way with a display of controlled aggression.Dhoni hit his first boundary in the 79th delivery that he faced but stepped up the tempo as he struck six more boundaries and three sixes. He hit Irfan for two fours and a six off successive deliveries to reach his 100 as he also crossed the 7000-run mark in ODIs.Seamer Bhuvneshwar Kumar became the first Indian to take a wicket with his first delivery on ODI debut when he clean bowled Hafeez. Later, he had Azhar Ali caught at square-leg to reduce the tourists to 21/2.Although his early breakthroughs raised Indian hopes, the host attack lacked depth to put the pressure on Pakistan as Jamshed and Younus shared in a 112-run stand for the third wicket.Ashok Dinda dismissed Younus but Pakistan were in complete control of the game as Jamshed put on 39 with Misbah for the fourth wicket and sealed the match in the company of Shoaib Malik (34 not out).Virat Kohli injured his knee after slipping during bowling. He underwent an MRI scan and is doubtful for the Kolkata game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824187", "title": "Chorao resident dies in accident", "text": "A Chorao resident was killed in an accident at Marna-Siolim on Sunday. Chandrakant Mapsekar, 49, met with a self-accident when the van he was driving hit a tree at Marna in Siolim. He succumbed to his injuries while on the way to the North Goa district hospital.Tourist dies: Surendra Singhal, 42, a Delhi tourist succumbed to his injuries while undergoing treatment at the GMC on Sunday. Surendra had met with an accident when the van he was driving skidded and fell into a trench at Anjuna on December 25.Tourist robbed: A tourist from Kolkata was robbed of his valuables at Arpora on Sunday. Partha Das who was holidaying in Goa complained to the Anjuna police that a laptop, mangalsutra, earrings and cash, all worth 1.21 lakh was stolen from his rented room in Arpora between 3am and 5am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825955", "title": "VAT calculation not in consumers' interest, says Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat", "text": "PUNE: The Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat, a consumer organization, has reemphasized the need to charge 1% value added tax (VAT) on sale of all apartments between 2006 and 2010. The calculation method of the state government, it said, is very complicated and not in the interest of consumers.The Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat had organized a meeting of flat owners and their associations on Sunday. Builders and developers' associations have also approached the court. They argue that VAT is charged on movable properties and flat is not a movable property.Suryakant Pathak, executive chairman of the Panchayat, said, \"The sales tax department of the state government has come up with a very complicated calculation for charging VAT. The department has failed to understand that not all flats are sold on the same day; hence the VAT on flats in a building - with same construction cost - varies depending upon the date when it was booked. It makes no sense as VAT for every flat has to be calculated as per the government prescribed calculation, and then it will be verified by the sales tax department. Does the state sales tax department have the required manpower and time to look into each and every sale registered between 2006 and 2010?\" tnnPathak said the consumer forum has suggested an amnesty scheme on the lines of the one introduced by the income tax department for tax defaulters. \"By doing so, new regulations will be exercised effectively without any pending works from the past. By our calculation, the minimum amount a flat-buyer will have to pay is close to 0.8% of the construction cost. In such a situation, flat owners may not hesitate to pay 1% VAT to settle the matter.\"At present, there is no clarity among flat owners as well as the builders on how to calculate the VAT and whether they should collect it from flat owners or not. One positive step from the government will save the time and energy of lakhs of people, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17829708", "title": "West Bengal's dependence on other states for IV fluids to come down", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal's dependence on Gujarat and other states for the supply of intravenous (IV) fluid is likely to come down substantially by mid-2013, thanks to a manufacturing unit coming up at Dhaniakhali in Hooghly. The plant is expected to start production within the next six months and will supply 200,000 pouches of IV fluid every day. Patient parties will also have to pay less for each pouch of IV fluid, once the plant starts operating, the Bengal Chemists and Druggists Association (BCDA) says.\"The transportation cost from Gujarat for every pouch of IV fluid is nearly Rs 5.75. From Hooghly, we can bring this down to 25 paise per pouch. Today, there aren't any IV fluid producing plants in the eastern sector. This plant is being set up in collaboration with a Chinese company. In the first phase, that is to become operational in the next six months, the investment is Rs 50 crore. We hope to complete two more phases over a period of three years. We shall then go into manufacture of disposable syringes and medicines,\" said Apurba Saha, chairman, Pailan Group.Officials in the state health department agreed that this production unit will benefit West Bengal. \"There aren't any production units in the government sector in the state at present. I am also not aware of any unit in the private sector in the state that supplies IV fluid. There were some units that stopped production. Nowadays, we have to source our entire demand from elsewhere,\" he said.According to Saha, the unit will also act as a downstream firm for companies like Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd. The IV fluid unit will require a large amount of polypropylene for the pouches. More of this material will be required once production of disposable syringes begin in the years to come. The BCDA feels that this may result in more investment in this sector.\"This will certainly be good for trade. Transportation and other costs will come down and people will benefit. In fact, we have already written to chief minister Mamata Banerjee about certain suggestions that we have regarding investment in this sector. There are several pharmaceutical companies in states like Maharashtra. We can get our associates in those states to urge these companies to invest in Bengal. They can at least come and discuss the issue with the government. This will help in generating revenue and jobs,\" said Ranendra Narayan Roy, president, BCDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824784", "title": "Many prefer Cool Cabs after some 'hot' drinks", "text": "MUMBAI: Several revelers have planned to book Cool Cabs or fleet cabs on December 31 to travel to parties and go back home. It will ensure that they will not have to wait at police nakabandis or go for breathalyzer tests. Bar and hotel owners hosting New Year Eve parties have urged revelers to use valet services for parking and arranging private transportation while leaving.\"Our guards with valet services will monitor people to keep them away from driving after drinking. They will call and arrange for private cabs, autorickshaws and driver services. They will note down numbers of taxis and autorickshaws to ensure security of patrons on their way home,\" said Shashikant Shetty, general secretary of Ahar, an association of over 7,500 bars and restaurants in the city. Shetty said establishments will not force patrons to go in for private drivers and taxis but will help them in the interest of their safety and security by making arrangements on request.\"I will book a fleet cab on Sunday night for going to a party on December 31. I also plan to book a cab for the return journey. These days, some operators give you assured cabs from 8 pm to 8 am, and I hope that my booking is not cancelled at the eleventh hour,\" said Sonali Choudhary, who will be going from Kandivli to Powai for a party.Kalmesh Barot of the Hotels and Restaurant Association (Western India) said valet services for parking and transportation will be available throughout the party time to ensure against drunk-driving. \"We appeal to party-goers to cooperate with hotel managements in ensuring safety for them on roads,\" he added.Prasenjeet Bagchi of TabCab said, \"We expect our call centre to be flooded with requests for cabs on New Year's Eve. All our drivers will be working that night and we will try our best to allot as many cabs as possible.\"Meru Cabs also expects several bookings for December 31 and January 1.Dharmesh Shah, a reveler, said some Cool Cab operators were accepting bookings for New Year's Eve for a premium. \"The drivers promise to take you to your destination, be it a hotel, beach or some housing society celebrating a New Year's Eve party, and will wait till it is over. You will then be dropped back home. It makes sense as I don't have to drive and can drink a few pegs at the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "diamond harbour (south 24-parganas)", "code": "17825934", "title": "Rape claim in pregnant girl's murder", "text": "DIAMOND HARBOUR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): A 22-year-old girl, two months pregnant, was allegedly raped and murdered in Diamond Harbour, about 50km from Kolkata, while returning from a new year fair on Saturday evening. This has come at the same time as an alleged gang rape and murder on the northern outskirts in Barasat.The girl's father has named her alleged boyfriend as the prime accused. He is absconding along with another suspect.The alleged rape-murder put Diamond Harbour on the edge on Sunday. As the news spread, a crowd staged an agitation at Diamond Harbour police station in the afternoon and even turned violent. The Rapid Action Force had to be called in to restore order.The body was found by a local youth behind Fakir Chand College around 5.30am. She had been dumped on the riverbank at Abdalpur, about 1km from her home in Harindanga and the same distance from Diamond Harbour police station. \"Her clothes were in disarray and her comforter was stuffed into her mouth. She was wearing a T-shirt, a wind-cheater and faded jeans. There were signs of scuffle everywhere around,\" said Bibhas Haldar, who found the body and raised the alarm. Police feel she fought hard for her life.Local residents informed police who took her to hospital, where she was declared 'brought dead'. She was listed as unidentified until police found a cellphone in her pocket and started dialling everyone on the caller list. One of the calls went to her brother, Manas.By then, her family was worried sick for her. She had left the previous morning to spend the day with her boyfriend, Raja, the son of a businessman, and his friend Prince at a fair at New Town, said her father Basu Purkayet. She had promised to be back before sundown. But when she did not return by 8pm, her family started calling her on her phone. All the calls were unanswered. Raja's phone was switched off, said Purkayet. They went to Raja's house but he wasn't there.The next morning, Manas got a call from police and rushed to the morgue where he identified his sister's body. A little later, the autopsy report revealed that she was two months pregnant.Basu Purkayet and Manas lodged a complaint of rape and murder against Raja and Prince. They allege that Raja had got into a physical relationship with her after promising to marry her. But when she got pregnant, Raja started pressurizing her to abort the child, they say. She refused, and paid a heavy price, the father says. \"Raja was desperate to get rid of her after sexually abusing her. He thought that he would get away with murder with the help of his money,\" said Manas. Local residents gheraoed police demanding exemplary punishment to the culprits.The police, however, are not jumping into any conclusion. They are waiting for the detailed autopsy report. \"We are not ruling out anything, whether rape or murder. We are sending the specimens for forensic tests. The report will tell us if she was raped,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17824970", "title": "Tourists boom brings back smiles on hoteliers in Manali", "text": "MANALI: Quenching the thirst of tourism industry of Manali, which had been plagued by slowdown, large number of tourists have belatedly thronged here for New Year celebration and the town has been jammed with the crowd of visitors from all over the country.Most of the hotels are fully occupied, while others doing better than the average business. People involved in tourism business were shocked after lean Christmas season. But, unexpected flow of tourists has brought back smiles on their faces. Thousands of tourists have thronged Solang, Hadimba Temple, Vashisht and all tourist places of Manali. Recent snowfall has also proved fruitful for Manali, which is attracting more and more tourists.Over three dozen luxury and ordinary buses plying on Delhi-Manali route are already booked for next few days and tourists are facing problems in reaching Manali. Most of them are opting for personal cars and tourist cabs. \"All Volvo buses to Manali had already been booked and we had to spend Rs 5,000 more to hire a car on Saturday evening,\" Vikram Seth from Delhi said, who is in Manali along with his family for New Year celebrations.Over 10,000 tourists on Sunday reached Solang valley, the snow point of Manali. Even more tourists are expected on December 31. Fearing overcrowd in Srinagar, Joshi family from Ahmadabad decided to visit Manali at the last stage. \"Our travel agent suggested us to visit either Shimla or Manali and we opted for Manali. We had lot of fun during snowfall but had not expected the crowd here,\" Ashish Joshi said.According to data from Manali green tax barrier, number of vehicles entering the area has increased many folds in last two days. Seeing the crowd of tourists, Manali Beopar Mandal decided to open the market on Sunday, which otherwise remains closed. Good flow of tourists seems like healing the wounds of tourism entrepreneurs who have made special arrangements for New Year celebrations.While private hotels have arranged for DJ parties and Himachal folk dance, the Himachal Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (HPTDC) is organizing New Year party at its Club house in Manali. HPTDC assistant general manager Mohan Lal Sharma said couple can enjoy delicious food, couple games and folk dances on New Year eve and 2013 Miss Queen contest would be the main attraction, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17823593", "title": "Bengali is like my second mother tongue: Oinam Nilkantha", "text": "Sahitya Akademi Translation Prize Winner Oinam Nilkantha Singh talks to B B Goswami on various aspects of his life and literary interests.Q. You have all along written in Manipuri. Why did you switch to Bengali?I live in the Barak Valley, where nearly 95 per cent of the people talk in Bengali. The official language of the valley, comprising the three districts of Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi, is Bengali. But like any other Manipuri in Assam, Tripura, Bangladesh and Myanmar , we also learn and use Manipuri in literary and educational pursuits. So far, my two novels, 'Chinnahaudrenapada' and 'Rag Darbari', and the two books of poems, 'Koloyninditanhani' and 'Inin' have been published. Keisham Priyokumar is one of my favourite writers. His short story, 'Nongdi Tarak-Khidre' attracted me as it tells the story of the people in this part of Assam. Bamboo cutters use the Barak River during monsoon to transport bamboos. One such bamboo cutter was longing for rain. However, he couldn't because 'Bristi ar holo na' (Nongdi Tarak-Khidre). This is the story of a community's struggle to survive in a backdrop of the Naga-Kuki conflict. Some of my friends, including Laisram Tarani Kanta Singh of Akasvani and Amitava Dev Chaudhary, a renowned poet, encouraged me to translate the Manipuri masterpiece into Bengali.Q. We came to know that all the four books written by you in Manipuri were published by you from Silchar. Didn't you get a publisher in Imphal?I approached many publishers. I don't know why publishers in Imphal are so reluctant to print works of Manipuris outside of Manipur. I retired from service in 1995. It was not an easy job for me to publish given the high costs of publishing.Q. When did you start writing?I hail from Lakhipur in Cachar district. I started writing from my college days in 1955. My first poem in Manipuri, 'Matamgi Pawta', was published in 1958 in 'Nungaijaba', a magazine of the department of Manipuri of G C College. Sometimes I wrote poems in Bengali, too, and they were published in different local magazines. I also recited them at different literary functions and Akasvani programmes. However, no book in Bengali was printed till the Sahitya Akademi published 'Bristi ar holo na'. This inspired me to do some original writing in Bengali.Q. How do you feel being the first Manipuri to receive the Sahitya Akademi award for your work in Bengali?It was a long wait. I feel very proud to win the hearts of Bengalis. Being a Manipuri, it was not easy to write in Bengali. The language of Rabindranath Tagore, is also like my second mother tongue.Q. Are Manipuri literary bodies doing anything for the promotion of the language in Assam?I am the founding president of the Manipuri Literary Society, Silchar, and the former vice-president of the Manipuri Sahitya Parishad, Assam. I am also a member of the Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Sanskriti Sanmilan. I hope they work for the development of Manipuri literature. Although, BUBSSS is the apex Bengali literary body, it has been working for the development of the language and literature of other small groups like Manipuris, Nagas, Kukis, Hmars, Khasis and Bishnupriyas.Q. Do you feel alienated?A number of communities live in this part of Assam. It helps individuals, especially writers, to see the world from a wider perspective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17824013", "title": "Man dies in Vasco train mishap", "text": "VASCO: Sujit Patil, 22, a native of Bihar , succumbed to injuries he sustained after he was dashed against by a train when he was answering nature's call near the railway tracks at Shantinagar, Vasco, on Sunday morning. PSI Hiru Kavlekar said \"The deceased was answering nature's call and was listening to music when the Goa Express train knocked him off the tracks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829361", "title": "Mere Genie Uncle", "text": "CreditsStory, Screenplay, Dialogues, Stereography, Direction: Ashish Bhavsar Cast: Tiku Talsania, Swati Kapoor, Anuj Sikri, Shakti Kapoor , Ehsaan Qureshi, Navina Bole, Mushtaq Khan, Asheish Roy, Pankaj Kalra, Pratham Kalra, Yash Acharya, Ayyan Mallik, Jannat Khan, Hetvi Charla Producer: Rajesh Shah, Ashish Bhavsar Banner: AAR Motion Pictures Cinematographer: Nazir Khan, Palash Bose [Naa Jaane Kyun] Post Production &amp; Visual Effects: Arya Creations - Mumbai Editor: Rajesh Khanchi Sound Designer: Rupalee Music &amp; Background Score: Nyzel D'lima Lyricist, Composer: Vandana Vadhera Costumes: Pratima Sule &amp; Shipali Salian Genre: Comedy Release Date: First Quarter 2013SynopsisMere Genie Uncle is a 3D Movie where Tiku Talsania is playing double role as Genie and I M Patel. A laugh-riot with a subtle message of love and compassion. To excite kids this X'mas specially, the film has prepared a Christmas Day song and has created it as an X'mas Party at Santa's House in the North Pole. It has got the aura and celebration of the Festival of Christmas like never done before in Bollywood. The film is shot in 3D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "berhampur/bhubaneswar", "code": "17825032", "title": "Five elephants crushed under speeding train in Odisha", "text": "BERHAMPUR/BHUBANESWAR: A herd of five elephants and a foetus were mowed down after being hit by a speeding train near Subalaya in Ganjam district, about 50 km from Berhampur, on Saturday night. A 40-year-old man, engaged by a private contractor as a bed-roll assistant in the train, also died in the accident.The elephants \u00e2\u20ac\u201d three females, a tusker and a calf besides a foetus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were killed after being hit by the Chennai-bound Coromondal superfast express at around 1 am, official sources said. A female elephant was in the advanced stages of pregnancy and the impact of the hit forced the foetus to come out. Ranjit Jena, a bed-roll assistant working with a Chennai-based private contractor, was also found dead, though it was still unclear as to how he died during the mishap, railway officers said.Divisional forest officer, Berhampur, S S Mishra said the elephants were crossing the tracks when the train hit them one after the other, killing them on the spot. Prior to the mishap, forest staff had driven out the herd from Dumanagiri jungle, he added. The DFO said around 20 elephants from Chandaka elephant sanctuary near Bhubaneswar had migrated to the area a few months ago. They were roaming in the Chilika wildlife division area and Khallikote range of Berhampur forest division after splitting into two to three groups. A herd comprising 12 elephants had crossed the railway track before the accident, he said.The accident, which marked the most number of pachyderm deaths in a railway mishap in Odisha, took place between Humma and Rambha railway stations (between Khurda Road and Berhampur) under the Khurda Road railway division of East Coast Railway (ECoR), possibly due to poor visibility caused by foggy conditions, official sources said.Train services between Berhampur and Bhubaneswar were disrupted on the fateful track for about seven hours after the accident as some portions of the line were damaged. \"Railway services were restored at about 7.45 am after the track was repaired and the carcasses removed,\" said a railway officer. The Howrah-Chennai Coromondal Express also left the place and proceeded towards its destination after a halt at Berhampur station, where the partially damaged engine was replaced.Forest and environment minister Bijayshree Routray expressed shock over the mishap and said: \"I have information that 10 days ago the range officer, Khallikote, had informed railway authorities that an elephant herd is likely to cross over the track anytime in the night. A month back the state government had also provided fluorescent signages reading 'elephant crossing zone', which railway officers had put up between the 10-km stretch connecting Rambha and Ganjam stations. Despite all this, such a tragedy took place.\" He said he has convened a meeting with railway officers on Monday and if required would urge chief minister Naveen Patnaik to take up the matter with the Centre.On May 18, a female elephant had died near the same spot after being hit by a goods train. Other animals, including a wild boar, have also been killed in train accidents in the area in recent times, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17831434", "title": "Narasimha Rao led India at crucial juncture, was father of economic reform: Pranab", "text": "HYDERABAD: Billing P V Narasimha Rao as the father of economic reforms, President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said the late former Prime Minster was instrumental in including the second generation reforms in the Congress election manifesto in 1991 as it was a well thought out strategy to steer the country through a distressful economic crisis.Delivering his lecture at the inaugural P V Narasimha Rao Memorial Lecture series at Jubilee Hall, the President attributed the game changing economic reforms to the far-sighted vision and political sagacity of PVN.\"The idea of economical reforms was not out of blue. It was there in the Congress election manifesto, which was prepared under Narasimha Rao's astute supervision. Then, I used to write the manifesto, and Narsimha Rao used to vet it,\" said the President.Pranab said PVN did not do as a regular politician when he chose Manmohan Singh to be his finance minister and the step testified his political sagacity.\"It was not easy for a normal politician to implement economic reforms, and PVN knew it. He was only the second prime minister after Jawharlal Nehru to make a person worked in his capacity as governor of RBI the finance minister. Nehru selected CD Deshmuk, who had worked as the governor of RBI, to be his finance minister in 1950,\" Pranab said.He said PVN gave Manmohan Singh full freedom to navigate the crisis and introduce for-reaching economic reforms. Pranab said PVN had himself spearheaded the move for dismantling the license regime as the prime minister while holding additional charge of the industry ministry. He could appreciate the significance of the seminal policy of economic liberalization, Pranabh said, as he witnessed the making of the policy being deputy chairperson of the Planning Commission, and commerce minister in PVN's cabinet.Pranab lauded PVN for his exemplary achievement in the foreign policy. \"The visionary he was, PVN launched the 'look East' policy and gave India's engagement with ASEAN a different meaning. India became a Sectoral Dialogue Partner of ASEAN in 1992 and Full Dialogue Partner in 1996. And now, we sit with them in the summit, as India is the largest trading partner of ASEAN,\" said Pranab.Speaking on the occasion, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said PVN had missed an opportunity to become the President of India in 1987.ESL Narasimhan, Governor of AP, K Rosaiah, Governor of Tamil Nadu, and PVN's daughter Vani Rao spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826318", "title": "First meeting of industrial peace committee on Jan 16", "text": "NASHIK: The first meeting of Industrial Peace Co-ordination Committee, set up recently by the office of deputy labour commissioner (DLC) with an aim to maintain harmony between industries and workers in the district, will be held on January 16.The meeting, being held at the office of DLC, will discuss the industrial scenario of the district. The dispute between the management and the company workers of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd will also be on the agenda of the meeting.Deputy labour commissioner R S Jadhav said, \"The industrial committee has been set up in the district to maintain peace in the industrial area and create good atmosphere to attract new industrial investment in the district.\" The 26-member committee headed by Jadhav includes five representatives from the government, two from social institutes, nine owners of industries, 10 representatives from industry bodies and workers unions, and a legal advisor.The decision to set up the committee was taken on the backdrop of an attack on three officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd by the company workers on August 24. The incident had shattered industrial peace in Nashik and had created a wide gap between industrial associations and Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU). A similar incident had taken place in February 2012 in which the executive director of the Nashik-based Sanjyot Metals Industries was attacked by his own workers.The industrial committee's members include president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association, Dhananjay Bele, president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association, Suresh Mali, Sanjiv Narang of Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate, D L Karad of CITU, Sunil Bagul from Shramik Sena, Amol Sonawane from Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Workers' union, Dhananjay Muthe of All India Trade Union Congress, Nitin Zambare of Maharashtra Audyogik Kamgar Sena, Chandulal Shaha and Digvijay Kapdiya as representatives of social institutes and assistant commissioner of police and senior police inspectors from Satpur and Ambad police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17824168", "title": "Goa expresses solidarity with Nirbhaya", "text": "MARGAO: Rallying under the banner of 'We stand for justice', concerned citizens from all walks of life from Margao and surrounding areas, gathered at Lohia Maidan, Margao, on Sunday evening in solidarity with the Delhi gang rape victim who died on Saturday.In a symbolic protest to demand justice to the victim, the participants prayed for the departed soul by lighting candles. Prominent citizens from Margao were spotted participating in the protest.Similar protests were held near Loyola high school, Margao, on Saturday.In Ponda, Bharat Swabhiman's Ponda wing has paid homage to Nirbhaya by lighting a 'Nished Yadnya' (holy fire) to protest the heinous crime committed against her in Delhi. A group of about 25 people, including Mahabaleshwar Sawant, Razia Shaikh, Sangam Borkar and others, lit the yadnya in traditional Hindu way and paid homage to the departed soul.A candlelight vigil will be organised by Bina Ramani at Panaji's Azad Maidan on January 3, 2013 starting 5pm to demand justice for the Delhi gangrape victim Nirbhaya.\"All the police arrangements have been made. People from all walks of life will join the vigil. We invite everyone to be a part of the vigil,\"she said.She also said that a suggestion box will be kept at the venue for citizens to suggest measures to make India safer for women. \"The suggestions will be forwarded to Delhi,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17825705", "title": "Tea workers stare at starvation death", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A few scattered hutments with no electricity, food and inadequate drinking water is a common sight at any abandoned tea garden in the state as you push your way past a bunch of malnourished children.Dalmore tea estate at Birpara in Jalpaiguri cuts an equally sorry picture. Though the management abandoned the garden about four months back after issuing a suspension of work notice, malnutrition has already claimed around 17 lives, said Jalpaiguri DM Smaraki Mahapatra.However, the actual number of starvation deaths can be ascertained only next week after the administration has conducted a medical camp in the area.At present, the garden houses 1200 jobless labourers and their families. While a few lucky ones have found work in the dolomite factories in Bhutan , some others make a living by breaking boulders along the riverbeds. But those who are unemployed often have to go without food for days. \"We are taking every possible care of the workers. But unless it is opened, living conditions will not improve,\" said Mahapatra.Sources said that the management was forced to issue the notice after a section of workers allegedly assaulted the assistant manager and a driver of the garden.These people, who control the garden unions, do not want the management to operate. Instead, they want to introduce the operating managing committee system and take charge of the estate themselves.\"The problem has intensified because these workers do not listen to the central leadership. Their attitude has frightened the management,\" a tea official told TOI.The situation has worsened after violence was reported in Assam's Tinsukia where a garden owner and his wife were burnt alive by tea garden workers.\"Following this, the garden management has become more afraid to resume operations. The administration is desperately trying to reopen the garden, but unless the unions guarantee peace, the management, will not return,\" the official added.Meanwhile, the administration has arranged for an alternative medical camp and launched ambulance services to ensure that the labourers get proper treatment. They have also introduced the Antyodaya Anna Yojana scheme. However, the DM conceded that the effort wasn't enough to the meet all their needs.\"Only after the camp is held that we will be able to know thw exact number of starvation deaths in the past few months,\" added Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826329", "title": "Injured strays have nowhere to go", "text": "BANGALORE: Injured stray dogs, abandoned pets and cattle are being left to the cruel vagaries of the streets. For, it's been almost three months since the animal shelter run by the Compassion Unlimited Plus Action (CUPA) at the Veterinary College campus in Hebbal shut shop.The shelter closed down in late October as the MoU between CUPA and Karnataka Veterinary and Fisheries State University (KVAFSU) ended earlier in the year. CUPA president and co-founder trustee Suparna Bakshi Ganguly has written to the state government to give the organization an extended lease for at least 10 years to run its facility.The closing of the shelter has created a crisis of sorts. The animal shelter once nurtured free of cost at least 200 stray and abandoned animals at any point of time. Open to injured dogs, cats, birds, calves and ponies 24X7, the shelter had a well equipped hospital and ambulance providing care to at least 360 stray animals every month.Heart-rending stories of injured and ailing animals being abandoned in front of the closed shelter, where they languish and die abound. CUPA volunteers said there are several instances of injured and old animals being simply abandoned in front of their closed shelter even now.\"CUPA's Hebbal shelter was definitely an important one considering the fact that many helpless animals are simply abandoned on a daily basis and there is no place for them to go now,\" said Ch Kishan, Bangalore manager of People For Animals (PFA). PFA runs a hospital in Kengeri for the wildlife and provides shelter to many injured wild animals.\"We have written to all people who matter to take a responsible decision and reconsider giving us an extension for a longer duration of time. It is difficult to look at a one or two-year extension, as that makes working conditions unfavourable,\" said Ganguly.CUPA is also trying to identify land on its own and talks are on with a few organizations. \"We need at least half an acre of land. The worst part is that the animals are suffering,\" said Ganguly.Other sheltersThere are other shelters for injured animals but most of them are not free.Karuna Animal Welfare Association of Karnataka runs operations from the Hebbal Vet College premises and provides free services. \"We treat abandoned animals, those with incurable diseases, injured ones and even those that have met with accidents,\" claimed Dr R Lokesh, the vet attached to this facility over the last four years.Voice of Stray Dogs, a helpline, gets close to 20 calls every day. The calls have gone up since the CUPA centre closed down, admitted a spokesperson of the group. When the helpline gets a call, a message is sent to the vet who reaches the place in an ambulance. Depending on the condition of the animal, it is either treated then and there or else shifted to some medical centre where it can get appropriate treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825478", "title": "Stranded in Gulf, two return home with NRIs' help", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two men belonging to Andhra Pradesh returned from UAE on Sunday after receiving financial support from NRIs to avail the amnesty declared by the UAE government. The persons returned after facing severe hardships in the Gulf after going there in search of employment.For migrant workers who have overstayed their visas, the UAE government declared amnesty from December 4, 2012, to February 3, 2013, under which these workers can forego the mandatory jail term and penalty and return to their home countries. The move has come as a boon for overstaying migrants as most of them are very poor and cannot afford the penalty which ranges from Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 or more depending on the period of overstay. However, unlike the Kerala state government which is providing free air tickets for its migrants returning home,the state government has not extended any support for the migrants from here. \"These two people have come back only because two NRIs hailing from AP in the USA sponsored nine air tickets. Our social workers selected the ones who were most in need,\" said M Bheem Reddy, vice president of Migrant Rights Council (MRC) AP.\"We have repeatedly requested the state government to provide financial support for these irregular migrants and also extend rehabilitation and reintegration services for them upon arrival, but in vain,\" he added. Of the two returnees hailing from Karimnagar and Nizamabad who arrived on Sunday, Mangali Dubba Rajam said, \"I left for UAE around four years ago to provide a better life for my family. But once there, we were not paid very well by our employer. I ran away and thus became an irregular worker. Other employers too paid us very little.\" He further added that in around Rs 12,000, he had to manage his accommodation and food which was very expensive there. J Naresh, Rajam's 20 year oldson was happy on his father's return. \"I am the only son and I work at a local saloon earning around Rs 1000 per month. We have been facing a lot of financial problems as my mother's health has been a cause of concern for the past three years. My father too was uAnable to send us any money from there as he too was facing several problems. Now that he is back, I hope the government will extend some support and our situation will improve\"Officials of MRC said that around 45,000 such irregular Indian workers are currently languishing in UAE of which around 18,000 are from AP. Reddy added that four more workers will be arriving in Hyderabad on January 2 with support from the NRI sponsors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825222", "title": "CSA ex-students share experiences", "text": "KANPUR: The Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology conducted a day-long alumni meet on the campus.A large number of ex-students met each other after a long gap. This was the fifth alumni meet, where ex-students from 1958 to 2012 batches participated.The Alumni Association of the CSA university had invited ex-students of various batches in the reunion.The meet was followed by annual general meeting. The programme was headed by registrar Rajendra Singh. The special guest was Ramanath, an ex-student and former vice-chancellor of CSA university.He is currently working at a senior position in Reserve Bank of India .Several ex-students shared their experiences of stay on the university campus and life after passing out of CSA.Meanwhile, during the annual general meeting of former students, it was decided that alumni fees should be taken from the students at the time of his/her taking admission in the university.It was also decided that an alumni hostel be made on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830288", "title": "Kamal announces Viswaroopam 2!", "text": "Kamal Haasan and Pooja Kumar were the guests the Super Singer 20-20 aired by Vijay TV and the Ulaga Nayagan took the opportunity to announce about the sequel 'Viswaroopam 2'. A few scenes have already been shot for the sequel is expected hit the screens close on the heels of Vishwaroopam's release.During the show, Kamal answered various questions about the film and then the heroine Pooja Kumar accidentally spilled the beans about Viswaroopam 2 . Kamal Hassan then announced the sequel and mentioned that he would have a separate press meet to announce it formally after the release of his magnum opus ' Viswaroopam '.Kamal, however, said that more details about the sequel would be out after Viswaroopam is released. Viswaroopam , starring Kamal, Andrea and Pooja Kumar, will premiere on the DTH on January 10th at 9.30 pm prior to its theatrical release, it may be mentioned here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824448", "title": "Body of 8-year-old girl found from dumping yard", "text": "RANCHI: The body of an eight-year-old girl, Amrita Kumari (name changed), was recovered from a dumping yard on HB Road near Lalpur police station on Sunday morning. The girl had been missing since the last two days. Though police is not ruling out the possibility of rape and murder, no apparent mark of sexual assault or physical violence was found during preliminary investigation.Ranchi city SP Vipul Shukla said, \"All possible reasons of death are being explored. The body has been sent for postmortem.Kumari, a rag picker, did not return home on Friday night. Alarmed at this, Merry Kumari, her mother, started looking for her. But could not find any clue about the girl.Venkatesh Kumar, officer-in-charge of Lalpur police station said, \"The locals informed us about the girl. Merry identified her as her daughter. We are lodging a murder case. Things will become clear after the postmortem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17826168", "title": "'Raped' wife dead, man critical", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifty-two-year-old Mahashin Ali wakes up with a start every 15 minutes in his ICU cubicle at RG Kar Medical College Hospital. Eyes wide open in horror and gasping for breath, he asks for his wife, who was allegedly gang raped and bludgeoned to death at Sonakharki in Barasat on Saturday evening.\"They are killing her. Please do something,\" he mumbles hoarsely, before lapsing back into unconsciousness. Doctors say Mahashin is in critical condition, his throat scorched by a chemical that was allegedly forced on him by the attackers. His condition worsened suddenly on Sunday morning after which he was shifted to ICU. He has not been told about his wife's death.\"He says he is burning up inside ever since an acid-like liquid was pushed into his mouth by the gang. Every time he wakes up, he breaks into tears. His limbs are still shaking and he is repeatedly falling unconscious,\" said Mosadul Ali, a neighbour who has been with him since he was brought to RG Kar on Saturday night. Mahashin isn't poor but took up work at a brick kiln to raise money for his four-month-old grandson who has a kidney ailment.From his fragmented accounts, Mahashin's son Alfaz and Mosadul have reconstructed a horrific tale. He had gone to the brick kiln to escort his 45-year-old wife home around 6.30pm when he saw a few men dragging her away into a bamboo grove. It was dark and barring a house, there is no settlement in a 100-metre radius. Mahashin says he ran to rescue her.\"But there were around seven of them. While four raped his wife, the other three pinned him down, tied him and poured acid down his throat. He tried to scream but they shut his mouth with the bottle. After a while, he gave up fighting because his throat and chest had been singed and he had no strength left in him. The ordeal must have lasted about 15 minutes,\" said Mosadul. Mahashin could apparently see his wife being battered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17824204", "title": "New traffic routes along coastal belt for New Year's Eve", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa traffic police has made special traffic arrangements along coastal belt of Calangute-Baga and Colva for smooth flow of traffic during the New Year's Eve celebrations.In North Goa, traffic proceeding to Calangute will be diverted from St Alex Church via St Anthony Chapel, Calangute- St Joseph School, Calangute- Calangute-Baga junction.The road form Baga circle (Calangute) to Baga beach will be made 'one way' and no vehicles will be allowed from Baga beach (Tito's lane) towards the Baga circle. All vehicles proceeding from Baga or Tito's will exit from the Hacienda junction or from the new Baga bridge.There will be 'no entry' from Agarwada junction road towards Hacienda junction, SP traffic V U Borkar said likewise there will be 'no entry' from Toff Toff junction towards Prabhuwada junction (way to Joia Do Mar Resort).The road from St Anthony Chapel towards Mira hotel up to Baga circle will be made one way. No vehicles will be allowed to proceed from Baga circle towards Mira hotel and the towards the chapel.The road from Tito's towards St Alex church via the post office will be made one-way for outgoing traffic. The Tito's lane and Loungefly lane will be 'no entry' zones from the main Baga road.In case of traffic congestion in Calangute-Baga area, traffic coming towards St Alex Church will be diverted towards Panaji or Mapusa, said Borkar.Traffic police have also designated 'no parking' areas in Baga. Borkar said that no vehicles will be allowed to be parked on the stretch from Baga circle (Calangute) to Baga bridge. Similarly no vehicles will be allowed to be parked on either side of the road from Sinquerim bus stop to Sinquerim Beach-Candolim.In South Goa, the road will be closed at La Ben Resort for four-wheelers to proceed towards Colva beach parking side and will be diverted towards Betalbatim road via Sea Pearl hotel.There will be 'no entry' for heavy and medium vehicles, including buses, to proceed towards Colva Beach from Colva circle, said BorkarIt will be one-way for all vehicular traffic from Colva circle to Colva beach and no entry for all vehicular traffic from La Ben Resorts near Colva Beach to Colva circle. \"No vehicles will be allowed to park on Colva Beach-Colva circle main road and from La Ben Resorts junction to Sea Pearl Hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17826456", "title": "Indian\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s subway killing a hate crime", "text": "WASHINGTON: As he peered at the approaching metro train standing on the edge of platform on 40th and Lowery street station in Queens, Sunando Sen didn't see or hear the footsteps of death behind his back, much less realize it was racist and hate-filled.This was New York, the most racially and ethnically diverse city on the planet, where the immigrant from Kolkota had lived comfortably for nearly two decades and was on the threshold of entrepreneurial success.Mumbling incoherently, Erika Menendez had stood up from a bench she was sitting on, walked up behind Sen, 46, and shoved him in the path of the oncoming train even as a few horrified witnesses saw the 8 pm incident, which was also captured in the station's videocams in grainy footage. She then bolted from the station , causing a city-wide hunt.She pushed Sen, the 32-year old Menendez later told police when she was apprehended following a tip-off after a public sighting, because she hates Hindus and Muslims , who in her view brought down the city's World Trade Center twin towers on 9/11.She was arrested on Saturday and charged with seconddegree murder.Menendez is expected to be arraigned by Sunday morning . If convicted, she faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. By charging her with murder as a hate crime, the possible minimum sentence she faced would be extended to 20 years from 15 years, according to prosecutors.The incident has stunned New York City, not the least because it is the second episode in a month of someone being shoved in the path of an oncoming train in a subway system that is more than 100 years old. Even in the troubled days after 9/11 such hate crimes were rare in NYC.And ironically, the woman who harboured such racist sentiment and conflated Muslim and Hindu faith was herself Hispanic. Queens district attorney Richard Brown told the New York media that Menendez told the police she believed she had pushed a Muslim man off the platform \"because I hate Hindus and Muslims ever since 2001 when they put down the twin towers I've been beating them up\".\"Beyond that, the hateful remarks allegedly made by the defendant and which precipitated the defendant's actions should never be tolerated by a civilized society,\" Brown said, adding that he had no information on the defendant's criminal or mental history and it will be up to the court to determine if she is fit to stand trial.In an earlier incident on December 3, a Korean-American man died after he was shoved on to the path of an oncoming train in Queens by a homeless person, allegedly after an altercation. Deaths in New York subway is not unusual (there were 47 deaths in 2011), but they are mostly accidents and suicides, seldom homicides.New Yorkers meanwhile mourned Sen, who came to city after enrolling at NYU in the early 1990s to study graphic design. He had only recently started a small printing business with financial backing from a college friend, and was working seven days a week to make it a success.\"I didn't know anything about the business,\" his friend and business partner Sanjeeb Das said about Sen, who was single. \"He knew everything . We were close like brothers,\" said Das, who shared a placed with Sen from 1998 to 2005 before moving out to get married. \"Every weekend , he came to my house. He loved my small son.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17827625", "title": "Bengal to observe social security fortnight from tomorrow", "text": "KOLKATA: A social security fortnight would be observed in West Bengal from January 1 to January 15 next year to popularise various social security schemes for the unorganised sector initiated by the West Bengal government.\"We want to make people aware of various welfare schemes introduced for the marginal and backward people of society engaged in different occupations in the unorganised sector,\" state labour minister Purnendu Bose said announcing the programme on Monday.Organised by the labour department, the fortnight would help people get detailed information on the schemes.Bose said for instance the fortning would help people gather information on how provident fund and health security schemes for workers in the unorganised sector and social security schemes for construction and transport workers became more attractive.At present there are about one crore workers in the unorganised sector in the state and many of them have already registered themselves under these welfare schemes, Bose said.\"If a beneficiary enlists his name at the age of 18 years and contributes Rs 25 against the state government's contribution of Rs 30 per month, at the age of 60 he will get Rs 2.5 lakh under the state-Assisted scheme of Provident Fund for Unorganised Workers (SASPFUW)\", the minister said.While nearly 22 lakh workers were registered under this scheme (SASPFUW) during the 34-year rule of the LF Government, in the last 18 months the state government had registered nearly ten lakh unorganised sector workers registered under the scheme, he said.The minister said that out of 7.30 lakh total number of workers enrolled under Building and Other Construction Workers Act (BOCWA) as on November 30, 2012, a total of 4.58 lakh were enrolled only during the last 18 months of the present government for various benefits.While the erstwhile LF government spent Rs 1.56 crore in six years, the Mamata Banerjee government spent Rs 23.14 crore in only 18 months, the minister claimed.Similarly, under the schemes for transport workers, a total of 43,857 workers were enrolled during last 18 months rule of the present government for various benefits, which was against a total enrolled workers of 89,554 since the beginning of LF government in 1977, he said.Apart from this, Bose said the Trinamool Congress government has doubled the hospitalisation benefits for unorganised sector workers, while for the first time their government introduced Rs 50,000 in case of natural death and Rs 1,50,000 for accidental death.Besides, the state government has been able to reduce the mandays loss due to strike drastically, while almost all the jute mills and tea gardens are now open during their rule, barring closure in only two cases each, the minister said.The unorganised workers registered under those schemes would get 'Samajik Mukti Card', the minister said adding that this smart card would help them to avail various benefits and ensure their social security.Requesting all unorganised workers to register their names immediately under these schemes, Bose said how registration of names under various schemes had already increased in last 18 months of their government.On the occasion awareness camps are being organised at gram panchayat, block, sub-division and district levels.In all these camps, registration of beneficiaries as well as distribution of benefits under different schemes would be done, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825465", "title": "No hike in water tariff in Jan 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: The annual 10% raise in water tariff will not be implemented from January 1.The decision was conveyed by CM Sheila Dikshit , also chairperson of DJB ( Delhi Jal Board), to the board's CEO on Saturday.Officials said the decision was taken because consumers were still facing problems in billing despite the new revenue management system kicking in.\"While we wait for the system to stabilize, it has been decided to buffer consumers from the annual hike,\" CEO Debashree Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830339", "title": "Girl's unique proposal to Venkat Prabhu", "text": "Director Venkat Prabhu is busy completing his latest flick 'Biriyani' starring Karthi, Hansika Motwani and Premji in the lead and also a huge list of star cast which seems to be never ending was a guest at a dance reality show conducted in a television channel.The director was in for a surprise when the host of the show while in the middle of having some funny conversation with the director and the female participants suddenly asked one of the female dance participant to propose Venkat Prabhu.The jovial director who is known for his sense of humour was in for a surprise when the girl came up with a brilliantly put unique proposal to the director. The girl proposed \"My address is not ' Chennai 28 ' and i am not your ' Saroja ' as well. But i so wish to got to ' Goa ' with you. Or at the least can we play ' Mankatha ' together and go out to have ' Biriyani '.\"The judges who were having a fun time seeing all the jokes cracked in the stage by the director were also suprised by the unique proposal. Venkat Prabhu himself hosts a television show called 'Kollywood King' on Vijay TV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17825655", "title": "Trinamool Congress factions clash over school election", "text": "BURDWAN: Twelve people, including the Burdwan DSP and two other policemen, sustained injuries on Sunday after two rival groups of Trinamool Congress clashed over a school managing committee election in Ausgram on Sunday.It is learnt that the outgoing board of Bononobogram High School in Ausgram was controlled by the CPM. Bu this time, two Trinamool groups - apart from the CPM, the BJP and the Congress - had filed nominations for the polls. While Guskara Municipality chairman Chanchal Gorai led a faction, the other one was spearheaded by local leader Nityananda Chatterjee.\"An untoward incident took place at Ausgram on Sunday over the school managing committee election. Three policemen sustained injuries when two rival groups clashed,\" said Burdwan SP SMH Meena. Among those injured was Burdwan DSP (crime) Kazi Shamsuddin. He, along with other two cops, was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. They were released in the evening.\"We have arrested three persons so far and the election was completed amid police protect,\" he added.Nityananda Chatterjee and Tagore Seikh, an influential Trinamool leader owing allegiance to Chatterjee, claimed three of their workers were injured in the clash. On the other hand, Gorai said five of their supporters were attacked by the rival group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824308", "title": "BEST buses to halt a little longer at stops", "text": "MUMBAI: As a New Year gift to passengers, the BEST has decided to instruct its drivers to halt a little longer at the scheduled halts so that the commuters can board the buses properly.BEST spokesperson A S Tamboli told TOI, \"We received several complaints that buses either do not halt at the stops at all or speed away even before passengers have boarded. This will have to stop in 2013. We want our drivers to give commuters enough time to board the buses.\"He said inspectors and ticket checkers will be deployed at busy bus stops to ensure that women and senior citizens can board the buses properly. \"We will also keep a check on unscrupulous elements who try to molest or outrage the modesty of women commuters,\" Tamboli said.The undertaking plans to instal LCD screens in all its buses in 2013. The screens will display the name of the next bus stop. Indicators will be installed at certain bus stops (on a pilot basis) to show the expected time of arrival (ETA) of the next bus. An SMS service has already been introduced wherein passengers can get details about the ETA of the next bus at a particular stop.In the last one year, the BEST has saved Rs 1.4 crore by switching to the e-ticketing system. The number of daily pass holders has also increased by four lakh and the sales for daily bus passes and smartcards have increased, officials said.The BEST plans to reduce its overall fleet strength in 2013 so that the number of buses lying idle at depots is minimum. It also plans to increase the fares by a rupee from April next year.Zero-accident record drivers to train othersIn a bid to make your travel safer, the BEST plans to ask its 1,000 drivers with a track record of zero accidents in the last 25 years to conduct a refresher courses for others in the fleet in 2013. The BEST has succeeded in bringing down the number of fatal accidents from 50 in 2008-09 to 26 in 2011-12.\"The transport body witnesses an average of two accidents per day and a majority of them were due to human error (driver's fault). We have taken several preventive measures to ensure the number of accidents drops further and the fatalities are minimum,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.BEST spokesperson A S Tamboli said, \"We have started depot-level counselling for drivers and conductors. Besides, we organize three-day refresher courses for drivers.\"BEST committee member Ravi Raja said there is a need for a good conviction rate in accident cases. The present conviction rate is less than 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832814", "title": "Race 2: Lat Lag Gayee", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824681", "title": "Man dies as manja slits throat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 28-year-old man riding a bike died in Vastral on Sunday evening after a glass-laced manja slit his throat.He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he died because of blood loss.According to Ramol police, Jeetendra Thakor, a resident of Karmabhoomi Society in Vastral, was passing by Ramrajyanagar on his bike at 7.30pm.At that time, a manja got entangled in his throat. \"When Thakor fell off the bike passersby rushed to help him,\" said a police official. At the hospital, Thakor was declared brought dead.This is the first death caused by the deadly manja.The kite festival Uttarayan is scheduled to be held on January 14. On Sunday, a notification was issued by the police banning use of nylon threads and glass-laced manja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830375", "title": "Bradley Cooper 'proposes to Zoe Saldana'", "text": "The gossip mill is spinning with reports that Bradley Cooper has proposed to Zoe Saldana .The two stars briefly dated earlier this year, only to split after three months.It's been widely reported that Cooper's mother Gloria loves Zoe and convinced her son to give the relationship a second shot.The couple are now stronger than ever, with claims the hunky actor popped the question over the festive season.\"Bradley is telling friends he's not going to let Zoe slip away this time,\" News.com.au quoted an insider as telling National Enquirer.\"Having lost her once, Bradley is ready to seal the deal on the relationship.\"Bradley and Zoe have apparently already started planning their special day.The 37-year-old actor hopes to tie the knot in Philadelphia, where he was born, and would love the ceremony to take place in spring or summer 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17823702", "title": "Mixed fortunes for Punjab, Maharashtra in National Basketball Championship", "text": "LUDHIANA: On a day of fluctuating fortunes, Maharashtra men flattered only to deceive against Assam while their women cruised along to their third victory on the trot as Kerala teams made a comeback on Day 3 of the 63rd IMG-Reliance Senior National Basketball Championship at the Gurunanak Dev stadium on Sunday.On a pleasantly cool evening, the upcoming Indian stars, the duo from Pune, Sneha Rajguru and Shireen Limaye gelled well to guide Maharashtra to a thrilling 7-point (58-51) win over Karnataka.For starters, Maharashtra were seemingly in control as they took the first and second quarters 21-14 and 18-16 respectively.However, Karnataka girls regrouped after the change of ends, though they took a marginal lead in the third and fourth periods, a tightened Maharashtra defense helped the later to register their third triumph in succession.Sneha scored a game-high 18 points and took 11 rebounds, Shireen netted 12 points and pulled down 16 rebounds as Amruta Bhuskute contributed 9 points. Karnataka's LS Savitha (10) and PU Navneetha (9) played well.Earlier, Maharashtra men failed to get better of Assam challenge as they went down fighting 71-79 for their second defeat in three games.The home teams from Punjab too had mixed luck. A fine combination of Punjab skipper Talwinderjit Sahi (25) and point guard Ranbir Singh (21) helped Punjab edge past Karnataka in a thrilling contest 87-79 for their third win in as many games while their women were humbled by Kerala.After a day of defeats on Saturday, Kerala teams in both the categories tasted success. Making most of the individual efforts of their upcoming stars Eudric Perera in the men and PS Jeena in the women section Kerala teams fought back in the championship.While Eudric's 33-point effort helped Kerala stun Delhi 90-61, a valiant 32-point effort from Jeena was enough for their women to drub hosts Punjab 70-32.A day after being humbled by Tamil Nadu, three-time champions Indian Railways made a comeback with 93-72 victory over Haryana while their women counterparts the title contenders routed Uttar Pradesh 116-47 for third win in succession.Results:Men: Punjab (Talwinderjit Sahi 25, Ranbir Singh 21) bt Karnataka (Sridhar 15, Sanjay 14) 87-79 (23-23, 25-18, 15-26, 24-12); Uttrakhand (Trideep Rai 16, Yadwinder Singh 14, Riyazuddin 11) bt Andhra Pradesh 87-48 (32-9, 23-14, 20-14, 12-11); Indian Railways (Vikram Parmar 14, Gagan Deep Singh 14, Rakesh Kumar Yadav 10) bt Haryana (Deepak 19, Vikas 19) 93-72 (18-15, 22-20, 22-12, 31-25); Kerala (Euddre Perera 33, Manoj 21, Abhilas T.S 17, Basil Philip 12) bt Delhi (Viany Kaushik 20, Praveen 16, Shakti 13) 90-61 (26-11, 12-20, 33-16, 19-14); Madhya Pradesh (Christopher Singh 23, Vishnu Maran 10) bt Pondicherry (Logesh 9, Joseph 8) 59-38 (16-5, 10-12, 15-9, 18-12); Assam (Somuir 26, Harsh Vardhan 22, Birender Singh 12) bt Maharashtra (Raj Kalbhor 22, Amit Kumar Sahldi 12, Shinde Siddhant 10) 79-71 (18-15, 16-11, 16-16, 29-29)Women: Maharashtra (Senha Rajguru 18, Shireen Limaye 12, Amruta Bhuskute 9) bt Karnataka (LS Savitha 10, PU Navneetha 9) 58-51 (21-14, 18-16, 11-12, 8-9); Tamil Nadu (Sonia Joy 22, Appoorva Muralinath 20, R. Rajapriya Darshini 18) bt Andhra Pradesh (Sofi Sam 17, M. Gayatrie 9) 76-48 (29-13, 15-8, 15-14, 17-8); Indian Railways (Geethu Anna Jose 16, Kiranjit Kaur 12, M. Pushpa 11, P. Anitha 10) bt Uttar Pradesh (Preeti Kumari 23, Radha Gour 12) 116-47 (30-9, 23-9, 31-13, 32-14); Kerala (Jeena P.S 32, Surya P.R 10, Neenumol P.S 10) bt Punjab (Jasdeep Kaur 7) 70-32 (24-11, 19-4, 14-6, 13-10).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17829593", "title": "Rights group announces reward of $10,000 for identification of each rapist of November 1984 massacre", "text": "JALANDHAR: As there is strong anger in the country against the rape and rapists, Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), an international human rights group advocating justice for the victims of November 1984, while showing solidarity and sending its \"deepest condolences\" to the family of the Delhi gang rape victim, questioned the silence of the Indian administration, politicians and the justice system over the rape of Sikh women in broad daylight during first week of November 1984.The NGO has announced a reward of $10,000 for the identification and prosecution of those who raped Sikh women during November 1984. \"The reward of $10,000 will be given to the witnesses who come forward with the identification of rapist and their prosecution,\" said SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun in a statement issued on Monday.While sharing the pain with Delhi gang rape victims for the loss of their daughter who was gang raped in a Delhi Transport Bus, Rights group held that it was an irony that public transport buses were then used to transport death squads that raped Sikh women in broad day light during November 1984 massacre of Sikhs. \"Successive governments have not only given impunity to those who perpetrated violent crime of rape against Sikh women but also have rewarded those with official positions,\" SFJ said.While responding to Sonia Gandhi's, statement that \"As a woman, and mother, I understand how protesters feel,\" \"Today we pledge that the victim will get justice,\"?, SFJ asked her stand on the plight of the victims of 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825228", "title": "Ludhiana duo to sharpen Punjab's spin attack", "text": "LUDHIANA: Karanveer Singh, 12, and Manjot Singh, 11, will carry Ludhiana's hopes on their shoulders, when they represent Punjab at a national cricket tournament to be held in New Delhi from January 2, in the U-14 team. The young city cricketers are both spinners.Karanveer, who made it among the final 16 with his right arm leg spin, is a Class VI student of Baba Isher Singh School in BRS Nagar. Right arm off spinner Manjot is Class V student of R K Jain Dhristhi School, Pakhowal Road.Karanveer, son of Harminder Singh, a farmer, couldn't hide his excitement over the selection in state U-14 squad. \"I performed well for the district in the U-14 team, which gave me the confidence to carry my form further when I was shortlisted to train at the Andrew Flintoff Cricket Academy in England,\" he said.Karanveer, who was awarded a certificate for his bowling at the English academy, attributes his success to his supportive father and coach Amrik Singh Nagra. Training hard for the national tourney, he has been spending six hours at the nets, said Karanveer. Manjot's businessman father Jasbir Singh Gill said his son had paved his way to the national tournament with an impressive spell in the U-14 state tournament. \"He conceded just 20 runs and took six wickets in eight overs in two matches against Fazilka and Mohali. I will pray he gets to put up a winning performance for Punjab in Delhi,\" said Jasbir.\"I was hopeful of making it into the state team when I appeared for the trials at the PAU ground. The efforts of my coach Amrik Singh and the motivation from my uncle Jagdeep Singh have been instrumental in my selection,\" said Manjot, who has been bowling to a single stump to train his line and length, so that he can put his best foot forward for the state to win the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825932", "title": "Fighting cyber crime a challenge, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Targeted attacks on IT systems, which proved successful in disrupting service and fraudulently obtaining significant amounts of intellectual property in 2012, will further intensify in the coming year. These strikes are difficult to protect against, because attackers destroy evidence of the attack immediately, IT security solutions experts have said.Threats to Android , Cloud and digital lifestyle devices will make fighting cybercriminals in 2013 more complex than ever before, the experts said.Jagdish Mahapatra, managing director (India &amp; SAARC) for cyber security firm McAfee, said, \"We are likely to see significantly more targeted attacks and targeted malware in 2013. This type of attack is difficult to guard against. Uniform attacks are still out there, but as soon as they are identified and a security fix is released they are no longer effective. One disturbing development in 2012 was that we started to see more targeted attacks that also destroyed evidence of the attack afterwards and the trend is likely to continue.\"Mahapatra said dealing with clean-up operations distracts IT administrators, who don't immediately realise they have been hacked. \"It also adds to the difficulty in ensuring effective incident response as hackers literally attack any hardware on the way out. Protecting against this will be a major challenge, particularly for enterprises and government,\" he said.Signed malware attacks such as Stuxnet will see a large increase in this type of threat and it will be harder to stop because it appears more legitimate, McAfee has said. Big business enterprises can be at a higher risk of being hacked as there is often a greater attack surface and more 'visibility gaps' in their security posture. With targeted attacks on the rise, the motives to target a large enterprise are often greater than a smaller organisation, the firm has said.According to global cloud security firm Trend Micro Inc, threats to Android, Cloud and digital lifestyle devices will make fighting cybercriminals more complex. In 2013, managing the security of devices, small business systems, and large enterprise networks will be more difficult than ever before. Users are breaking down the PC monoculture by embracing a wider variety of platforms, each with its own user interface, operating systems, and security model. Businesses are grappling with protecting intellectual property and business information as they tackle consumerisation, virtualisation, and cloud platforms head-on, Trend Micro has said. This divergence in computing experience will further expand opportunities for cybercriminals and other threat actors to gain profit, steal information, and sabotage their targets' operations, the company said.A survey by computer security alliance ISACA said that viruses that send unsolicited emails and attack websites, as well as search engine poisoning - where unwitting users are misdirected toward questionable or fraudulent sites - are among the increasingly sophisticated tactics used to capture and exploit consumer data and pose threats to international supply chains. Due to phishing scams and social engineering attacks, clicking on an email link from a work-supplied computer or smartphone presents a high risk to the enterprise, 56% of IT professionals in India said, according to the survey.Avinash Kadam, advisor to ISACA's India Task Force, says, \"With the growing number of cyber threats, it is critical for enterprises to safeguard their information assets. Addressing cyber issues should be considered beyond defining internet policies. It is equally important for enterprises to educate their employees on information risks as it is not just an IT issue, but also a business issue.\"Niraj Kapasi, IT auditor and chairman of ISACA's India Task Force, said, \"Enterprises in India should be conscious that data protection goes beyond securing servers at data centres or office premises. With the growing number of cyber threats globally, information risk can come from existing employees, customers, industrial surveillance by competitors, hackers, organised crime and even foreign governments.\"He said, \"It is important for business leaders to govern privacy, evaluate the riskaround privacy, ensure proper security management and effectively govern sensitive information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661791", "title": "Actor Jaswinder Bhalla is professor of Agricultural Science", "text": "Renowned comic actor Jaswinder Bhalla, much known for fictitious character sketches like Chacha Chatur Singh and Bhana he played in comical series Chhankata , is a faculty at prestigious Punjab Agricultural University in Ludhiana.Bhalla, who has appeared in Punjabi films like Mahul Theek Hai, Jihne Mera Dil Luteya and Aappan Pher Milange , earned a PhD in agricultural science from Punjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826308", "title": "Civic admin goes slow on garbage collection issue", "text": "NASHIK: Alhough the General Body Meeting (GBM) of the NMC has already decided to implement garbage collection project at the divisional-level, the civic administration has still not started working on the project even after two weeks of the decision.The civic body at the GBM on December 14 had decided to give contract of collecting garbage though ghantagadis (garbage collecting vehicles) at divisional-level, instead of giving to only one contractor. But even after two weeks, there has been no progress.AN official from the health department of the NMC said, \"The GBM has taken the decision to execute garbage collection at the divisional-level. But, we have still not received the resolution pertaining to the decision and we are waiting for the same. We will start executing garbage collection once we get the resolution.\"There are six divisions of NMC - Nashik East, Nashik West, Panchavati, Nashik Road, Cidco and Satpur divisions.The contract for collecting garbage through ghantagadi, which expired on August 22, was extended by the standing committee of the civic body by six months till February 21, 2013 as the civic body could not take a firm decision on implementation of the garbage collection system in the city.At a previous GBM held on August 23, all the corporators had sought prabhag-wise ghantagadis. Accordingly, mayor Yatin Wagh had instructed municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to draft a proposal on the project.Nevertheless, the NMC administration tabled a proposal of Rs 11 crore to appoint ghantagadi contractor at the GBM held on Dec 14. After heated discussions, the mayor announced that the ghantagadi project would be implemented at divisional-level, instead of prabhag-wise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824398", "title": "Strict vigil on New Year eve", "text": "RANCHI: As New Year revellers are already on the streets and most picnic spots are chock-a- block the state government has issued directive to all DCs and SPs to maintain law and order in their districts.Keeping in mind the scale of revellery in almost every club, hotel and picnic spots and participation of youths the state government has asked the police department to be on vigil to avoid untoward incidents.\"It has been seen in the past that a large number of youths in name of merry making indulges in eve -teasing. People in inebriated condition indulge in quarrel. To keep an eye on this type of people the club and hotel managements have also been asked to keep strict vigil on the venue,\" said a source.In Ranchi, policemen have been deployed at almost all picnic spots including Kanke Dam, Hatia Dam, Rock Garden, Aqua World, Sidho-Kanho Park and Birsa Munda Zoological Park to ensure safety of the visitors.Jharkhand police spokesman IG S N Pradhan said all the SPs have been asked to increase patrolling at picnic spots and near clubs and hotels. \"The celebration is at large scale and thousands of people are set to make the day a memorable one. We have asked the SPs to deploy additional forces at sensitive locations,\" said Pradhan.Sources in hotels and clubs said that they have made adequate security arrangements. \"We have asked all our security personnel to be on duty near the venue of New Year celebration and keep eye on movement of every individual,\" said manager of a hotel which has invited a DJ for the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17831584", "title": "Indian and Pakistani teams arrive in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, coach Duncan Fletcher, all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja and local lads Ashok Dinda and Mohammad Shami arrived on Monday along with the Pakistani contingent for the second ODI against Pakistan slated for January 3.The remaining team India players will arrive in batches on Tuesday, CAB sources said.The players arrived by a chartered flight from Chennai and were taken to the team hotel amidst tight security. They will remain at the hotel and will be busy with private parties to usher in the New Year.The teams are slated to practice at the Eden Gardens on Tuesday afternoon, the local manager said.Down 0-1 in the three-match series, India must win the Eden one-dayer to keep their hopes in series alive.The third and final one-dayer is scheduled in Delhi on January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17825464", "title": "Vijayawada recorded one rape case per month in the last 11 months", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Labelled as the 'global city of the future', Vijayawada seems to be hardly safe for women - if one goes by crime statistics. Notwithstanding the tall promises of the police to make the city safer, crimes against women have increased in the last two years.While 1,083 cases were booked in connection with violence against women in 2010, the number has gone up to 1,860 during the current year, a near 70% increase. The city reported almost one rape case per month in the last 11 months. While there were seven rape cases in 2011, as many as 11 rape cases have been registered in the current year so far.Cases of cheating and dumping the girls by their boyfriends too have gone up. Against 29 cases reported in the previous year, police received complaints from about 35 victims during the current year. \"We are taking all possible measures to instill confidence among women and girls to tackle certain situations. In fact, we launched a special drive to send clear message to the perpetuators of such violence against women. Unfortunately, the over-all crime rate against women has slightly gone up during the current year,\" admitted city police commissioner N Madhusudan Reddy.While 1,704 cases pertaining to violence against women were registered in 2011, the number has jumped to 1,860 cases. The city police commissioner said more measures would be taken to prevent violence against women. There were 15 dowry death cases last year but the number went up to 16 so far during the current year. The city police commissioner said rowdy sheets were opened against 87 people and suspect sheets against 361 people, who were involved in eve-teasing, creating disturbance to normal life and terrorising locals in residential colonies.He said that special teams formed to check eve-teasing keep surveillance near women's colleges, bus stops and busy centres. \"Our sustained follow-up activities led to the conviction of the accused in 15 cases of dowry harassment last year,\" the CP said. Of the 374 cases registered under 398 (a), both parties went for a compromise in 252 cases and court convicted the accused in 15 cases. \"Registration of cases should not be seen as rise in violence against women. In certain cases, women come forward to complain only when they have faith in the police. In fact, booking of cases will give police a chance to take action against the culprits,\" said a senior police official.In chain-snatching cases, the city police recovered property worth nearly Rs 14.5 lakh against Rs 12.91 lakh last year. However, cases of chain-snatching have gone up in the current year to touch 121 against 99 last year. While property worth Rs 20.63 lakh was stolen in such cases last year, valuables worth Rs 32.14 lakh were lost in chain snatching cases in the current year.Fact sheet of VijayawadaCrimes against women---------------------------2011-----------------2012Harassment, attacks-----------------------------1,008-------------1,105Murder for dowry -------- ---------------------------1 -----------------1Dowry deaths---------------------------------------- 15- --------------16Rape cases---------------------------------------------11----------------7Cheating of girls in love------------------35- -------------29Chain-snatching--------------------------------------99-------------121Valuables lost in chain-snatchings-------------Rs 20 lakh----Rs 32.11 lakhTotal crimes against women--------------------1,704-----------1,860", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17828981", "title": "Google Chrome briefly blocks Twitter's Twitpic", "text": "SYDNEY: Google has blocked millions of Twitter accounts, saying that the micro blogging site's picture sharing service, Twitpic, is a 'malicious threat' to computers.The internet search giant blocked access to Twitpic and any photos hosted by it from its popular browser Chrome as well as from search results in other browsers, rendering millions of Twitter accounts inaccessible for several hours.Web users trying to view content on Twitpic, or even Twitpic's own Twitter account, instead got a grim message from Google, News.com.au reports.\"Content from Twitpic.com, a known malware distributor, has been inserted into this web page. Visiting this page now is very likely to infect your computer with malware,\" the notice said.According to the report, Twitpic, which has over 35 million users, tweeted the problem had been resolved.The report said that it is unclear whether Twitpic posed a legitimate security threat to users, or if the block resulted from a glitch in Google's malware detector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827594", "title": "Riteish to star in his next Marathi production", "text": "Housefull, FALTU, Double Dhamaal, Housefull 2 and Kya Super Kool Hai Hum-a string of comedies later, Riteish Deshmukh at 34 isn't scared of being typecast as a comedian.  In fact, he has one more comic caper, Grand Masti coming up in 2013. \"This is what people perceive. If they think I am doing only comedies, they are right. It has nothing to do with fear,\" he claims. Unlike his peers, Riteish isn't scared of being stereotyped onscreen. And that is perhaps because in his offscreen ventures - film production, the Bollywood Legends Walk, the actor is ready to explore different genres.Mumbai Film Company, Riteish's banner is almost ready with its first venture - a Marathi film Balak Palak directed by Ravi Jadhav. \"It's a moment of pride for me. I always wanted to do something in this space - Marathi films. However, if something interesting in Hindi comes my way, I will join hands with likemindedpeopleanddoit.Same goes for a Bengali script,\" he declares.Incidentally, his first Marathi production Balak Palak that literally translates into 'children and parents' is a film about a teenager trying to understand'sex'-an'uncomfortable' word in the household.\"Sex education is important for children. But in India, we are perhaps too conservative to discuss such things with ourkids.It's a comfortable subject between friends but when it comes to discussing it with family, children draw the line perhaps out of respect. But I think the best guides for a child are his/her parents. This film is for kids,\" Riteish tells us and adds that perhaps self defence is as important for children. \"Akshay (Kumar) was the first person to tell me that martial arts should be included in chldren's curriculum in school,\" he recalls. And he has elaborate plans for his first production. \"There are a lot of people in this city itself who understand Marathi but are not Maharashtrians. They too want to watch a good film. So I will have subtitles for my film. In fact I have given theatre owners an option to run the film with or without the subtitles,\" says the focused producer whose next outing would be a film directed by Nishikant Kamat. And Riteish would be a part of it. The actor says that he doesn't expect a first day opening for his first production venture. \"Marathi films are slow starters. The equation of Hindi films Friday, Saturday and Sunday, doesn't work with Marathi movies. Marathi films start slow and then they go on for weeks,\" he sounds hopeful. Apart from his production, the actor is also busy with the Legends Walk. \"I've taken hand impressions of 35 actors. It will take some time before we start.I will act on it in 2013,\"he tells us and promises that the New Year would be bigger and better than before.\"Next year I will be attempting a lot of new things,\" he tells us and adds, \"Thankfully, filmmakers are now approaching me with different scripts.\"Here's hoping, we get to see the 'comic' actor break his typecast in the coming year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17824411", "title": "Hotels gear up to ring in the New Year", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Hotels and clubs of Jharkhand will be decked up to ring in the New Year and offer revellers a variety of services. Grand arrangements for music, dance, games, food and beverages will make the celebrations worth every penny.The party animals will be greeted with a host of fun shows, ballet dance, DJ night, candlelight dinner and sumptuous buffet arrangements. Organizers are gung-ho about the deal their respective hotels are looking forward to strike with their customers.Leading the race is Hotel Wave International, the premium hotel located at Pardih on NH-33, which has roped in Mumbai-based dance troupe 'Third Degree Torture' to rock the night. Owner of hotel, Raju Singh said: \"Whether you are looking to be part of a huge party or have a quiet romantic night out, you will find the perfect place to usher in 2013 at our hotel. Enjoy our services along with the performance of top DJs across India.\" Unlike previous years, the hotel has restricted entry pass only to families and couples. \"The purpose behind this is to avoid any potential indecent activity at the venue,\" said the hotel organizer.Hotel City Inn, also located on the NH-33, which has announced free entry for couples and families at the year-end party, has organized a carnival which is sure to be popular among the kids. Hotel general manager, Swarup Chatterjee said: \"While there are plenty of games for the kids there is ample opportunity for elder family members as well.\" Along with live performance by the popular Karv band, lavish buffet arrangement, variety of games and surprise gifts, the spectacular fireworks remains the major attraction of the celebrations at this hotel. \"Our open-air lawn, which is perhaps the largest venue available at any of the hotels in the city, provides a huge space for the revellers to enjoy and party in a safe and fun environment,\" said an official of City Inn.Few of the oldest clubs of the city are also leaving no stone unturned. But, few city-based hotels have settled for a low key affair this year and some will even give it a miss in protest against the brutal gang rape and death of the Delhi girl. \"Several of the hotels in the city have suspended their New Year eve programmes to pay respect to the courageous young lady who died (in the Singapore hospital) on Friday,\" said Prabhakar Singh, president of the Jamshedpur Hoteliers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827553", "title": "Katie Waissel confirms split from Alphonso", "text": "Singer Katie Waissel has ended her marriage with model Brad Alphonso just two months after tying the knot.The two dated for 16 weeks before taking their relationship to next level of marriage but called it quits early this month. Her spokesperson confirmed the news.\"We can confirm that Katie has separated from her husband. It's a very sad time for both parties,\" dailymail.co.uk quoted spokesperson as saying.\"Katie has now gone back to LA and is putting her focus on recording with her Red Velvet project,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824856", "title": "The year social media came of age in India", "text": "Sambhavi Saxena, 19, was at Jantar Mantar on December 25 protesting against Nirbhaya's brutal rape when Delhi Police swooped down, rounded her up along with other agitators and took them to the Parliament Street police station. Sambhavi fired tweet after tweet even as she was bundled into a van.She went on broadcasting to the world all that was happening around her. \"Illegally being held here at Parliament St Police Station Delhi w/ 15 other women. Terrified, pls RT,\" she tweeted. It worked. In a flash, more than 1,700 people retweeted her SOS. Social media analytics firm Favstar later said the message reached over two lakh people.Police later contested many of Sambhavi's claims. Yet, there was no denying it was her voice that was heard. Her tweets triggered a social media frenzy. The media reacted swiftly. Lawyers volunteered, activists landed up at the police station. Celebrities condemned the action. The police stood no chance.For the government and keepers of law, it was a PR disaster. They had lost a battle they were accustomed to winning hands down. Now, there was a pesky entity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the public \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seeking to change the rules of the game. A teenager armed with a smartphone had used the magic platform called social media to devastating effect, catching the agents of the state flatfooted.India might have tasted the power of the smartphone first in 2011 when Anna Hazare's stinging anti-corruption message rode the social media wave. But this year saw social media creating a new phenomenon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the rise of the virtually connected Indian youth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is likely to redraw the terms of engagement between the state and its urban population.The networking tool that's now a weaponFinance minister P Chidambaram recently tried to sum up the phenomenon by likening social media-driven snap protests to a flash-mob phenomenon. \"Flash mob is a new phenomenon... sometimes they gather to dance and sing. But sometimes they gather to protest... I don't think we are fully prepared to deal with it.\" Going by the last fortnight, when the government fumbled in dealing with widespread protests over Nirbhaya, the minister's admission was an understatement. Let alone being \"fully prepared\", they didn't have a clue.The unbridling of the power of the social media was undoubtedly a top, if not no. 1, trend of 2012 in India. In many cases, it set the agenda of public discourse. As in Palghar, where young Shaheen Dhada's Facebook comment on the shutdown of Mumbai after Bal Thackeray's death kicked off a storm, the virtual world triggered several real-world controversies.In fits and starts, politicians and the government realized the folly of not joining the fast-unfolding revolution, the exceptions being the Twitter-savvy Shashi Tharoor and Omar Abdullah. The @PMOIndia Twitter handle was born, and today 3.5 lakh people follow it. A host of politicians soon hopped on, realizing the freedom the platform offered for comment on issues, which TV studios didn't.For Bollywood celebs and cricketers, it became a great way to keep in touch with fans. But the real power of this irreverent and often insolent medium lay with the young aam admi who used social media fearlessly. They voiced their opinion and unsparingly ridiculed leaders with hashtags like #theekhai, making powerful headlines out of what otherwise would have been just whistling in the air.What's the USP of the social media? On this platform, free speech is unhindered. It's a virtual megaphone with a global reach, as the numbers show. Whether it's Twitter or Facebook, India is a huge presence. Facebook has more than 65 million active users here, putting the country among the top five worldwide in terms of users. Twitter, which has 200 million active users globally, doesn't provide country-specific numbers. But SemioCast, a Paris-based research firm, said in a report in July that India had around 18 million Twitter accounts, placing it sixth among the biggest Twitter nations.A lot of this social media boom happened in 2012. Research firm SocialBakers estimated in November that the number of Indian Facebook users swelled by 14 million in the past six months. While internet penetration in India is just 11% \u00e2\u20ac\u201d three times lower than the global average \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around 137million users make the country third biggest in terms of web-connected citizens. Most of these users are urban and young. A Comscore report says 75% of web users here are under-35.Unlike youngsters in many other countries, Indians are politically active on the web. A Pew Research study this December established that nearly 45% of Indian web users, most of them from urban areas, connect on social media to discuss politics. Only Arab countries scored higher than India on this account. The numbers are backed by GlobalWebIndex, which noted in a September report that India is the third most socially active country with around 78 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17831028", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to launch campaign against illegal colonisers", "text": "INDORE: With a move to provide civic amenities to all the areas of cities, urban administration &amp; development department of Madhya Pradesh is going to launch a state-wide campaign against illegal colonisers. It was decided in a meeting of the urban administration &amp; development department's advisory committee chaired by minister Babulal Gaur .Urban administration &amp; development minister Babula Gaur has directed to take strict action against colonisers for not making proper arrangements for road, drinking water, power and sanitation.Meanwhile minister said that a Rs 19.75 crore drinking water scheme is proposed for Varaseoni Municipal Council in Balaghat district under the Chief Minister's Drinking Water Scheme. A sum of Rs 1.95 crore has been sanctioned for infrastructural works at Varaseoni under the Chief Minister's Infrastructure Development Fund. Drinking water schemes for Khategaon and Kannaud towns of Shivpuri district have also been proposed. He said proposed drinking water schemes under PPP mode in Shivpuri and Khandwa will be completed by March-April, 2013.Gaur also directed to convene a separate meeting to review Narmada drinking water scheme of Bhopal and its expansion plan. A pipeline is proposed to be laid in gas-affected localities in Bhopal city to give tap connections to seven thousand families residing over there. Committee members suggested ways for accelerating pace of this about Rs. 64 crore scheme.At the meeting, suggestions were also put forth regarding disposal of water from near Aishbagh Stadium in Bhopal and preparation of sewer scheme of Alampur town in Bhind district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824720", "title": "Minors could face death penalty if law amended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jolted by the extreme cruelty unleashed on Nirbhaya by the only juvenile among the six accused in the Delhi gang-rape case, the government may be looking at enhanced punishment for minors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even a waiver of the delinquent's age by six months to a year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d keeping in view the severity of the crime.While this review comes too late for the Delhi gang-rape case as it cannot be applied with retrospective effect, the shift is significant because heinousness of the crime committed rather than the exact age of the accused will determine the punishment.If the government does carry out amendments to enhance the punishment for minors guilty of heinous crimes, juveniles could even face death penalty.The women and child development ministry that is reviewing the Juvenile Justice Act, is looking at treating juveniles aged 17 or more who are guilty of heinous or violent crimes as adults. \"We can have a provision by which six months or a year of the juvenile's age can be waived if the crime committed is severe in nature, like in this case. If the juvenile has committed a violent or serious crime he can be tried under law as an adult,\" said WCD minister Krishna Tirath.At present, under the Act, a juvenile accused has to be kept in a juvenile correction home or any other reformatory centre for minors. S/he faces a separate trial under the JJ Act and the maximum sentence that can be given is only three years.The use of death penalty for crimes committed by people younger than 18 years is prohibited under the international human rights law, yet some countries still execute child offenders. Such executions are few compared to the total number of executions across the world. Since 1990, Amnesty International has documented 87 executions of child offenders in nine countries. Several of these countries, including the US, have changed their laws to exclude the practice.The ministry of women and child development that is reviewing the Juvenile Justice Act is considering such a provision to treat guilty minors aged 17 or more like adults.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17831722", "title": "Delhi gang-rape case: Police finalize chargesheet, to cite 30 witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim, Delhi Police on Monday said it has finalised around 1,000-page chargesheet in connection with the incident and plans to submit it in court on Thursday.A senior police official said the chargesheet, which is being vetted by legal experts, has cited 30 witnesses in connection with the December 16 incident in which the physiotherapy student was gang-raped and brutally assaulted in a moving bus in south Delhi. The victim died in a Singapore hospital on Saturday morning.Investigators said they will seek death penalty for the accused in the case.Six persons, including a 17-year-old boy, was apprehended in connection with the incident, which evoked widespread outrage and anger and triggered violent protests at India Gate and Raisina Hill.The chargesheet, to be filed in the Saket court, will detail the role of five men while mentioning that a separate report would be sent to Juvenile Justice Board for the trial of the minor boy allegedly involved in the case, the official said.The chargesheet gives details about the sequence of events, the treatment, shifting of the patient to a Singapore hospital as well as her death, the official said.Police have slapped rape, murder and other charges against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17829749", "title": "11 women inmates escape from destitute home in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: At least 11 women inmates, who were earlier rescued from Mumbai after they were trafficked from the state, have escaped a home for the destitutes in West Bengal's Hooghly district, police said Monday.\"Eleven inmates of a destitute home in Uttarpara escaped through a window early Monday. Two of the women are Bangladeshi nationals,\" an official at the Uttarpara police station said.\"Most of the escapees are from North 24 Parganas and were trafficked to Mumbai. They were rescued and brought to the home Nov 23,\" the official added.An official of the destitute home, some 15 km from here, said the women had been trying to escape ever since they were brought to the home.\"We have informed the district administration about the escaped inmates. A complaint has been registered with the police who are investigating the matter. The escaped women are in their late 30s,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17823973", "title": "Lesser beach beds, tables outside shacks take fun out of Goa's tourism", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa tourism scene is just not what it was a year ago. With the state government getting strict on shutting down loud music by 10pm, putting a curb on the number of beach beds and reducing the number of tables that shacks can place outside their premises, tourism stakeholders have complained of losses suffered in business this year even as Goa experiences its 'peak season' with the New Year just a day away.The shacks have become 'chill-out' zones with music falling quiet at 10pm, whereas in earlier years, beach shacks were 'party zones', said local tourism stakeholders. A part time DJ in Candolim said a couple of shacks that would hire out sound systems from him have not done so because they're not allowed to play music after 10pm.\"They're not renting out my equipment because it is expensive for them if they can't play music after 10pm. Along with that, the demand for DJs like me has also vanished,\" he told TOI. There are dozens of amateur DJs and musicians who play 'live' music at bars and restaurants in the beach belt who have been similarly affected.The primary reason for this damp mood setting in, according to stakeholders, is the reduction in the number of beach shacks, followed by the reduction in deck beds. Shack operators allege that while they're being sidelined, the government has been favouring big-time organizers of music festivals who are 'outsiders'. Calangute played host to two mega music festivals this year, compared to one last year. Besides, there were other events, including a fashion show.John Lobo , general secretary, shack owners welfare society said, \"During the election campaign Manohar Parrikar had assured a good shack policy where shack operators interests would be protected but as chief minister he has increased restrictions in the shack policy. Business for local stakeholders, especially shack owners, is poor as the government has not only reduced the number of deck beds (only five) per beach shack but also the number of tables in shacks. This has brought down the overall business. Obviously, we can't get live music for a small crowd when we get no benefit out of it.\"This year, there have been fewer late night trance music parties after objections from locals who complained of sound pollution. Loud music being played at shacks has also drawn objections from locals. The season has seen shack operators hiking their menu rates by 10-15 %, citing that shacks are dependent on \"normal guest patronage\" as no parties have been organized. Shack operators also blame the hike in the electricity rates for increase in rates in their menus.\"With so much of restriction on lighting and sound, there is not much of an ambience which can be created at the shack which has made tourists visit big hotels resulting in losses to us,\" Pramod Gawde, a shack operator at Arambol, said.Cruz Cardozo, president of Shack owners welfare society, said that restricting the number of deck beds to five and clamping down on music at 10pm has hit business badly. \"Foreigners ask for deck beds but we are unable to provide more because of the new policy. How will we attract more foreign guests? We don't engage musicians for a live band as music is shut at 10pm. In the past, we used to have live music very often, but now it doesn't benefit us. Guests start partying at around 9pm. What is the fun if the music is switched off at 10pm?\" he said.Jude Pacheco, a DJ who performs at several south Goa venues said, \"This year, the strict shutting down of live music events has not only robbed customers of the kind of ambience they want, but it has also forced venues such as restaurants, pubs and hotels to reduce the amount of live music events.\"Salazar Pereira, proprietor of a pub and restaurant in Benaulim, concurred. \"Goa is going the Mumbai/ Bangalore way and charm of Goa will not remain much longer. There is no provision in the law going by the prescribed decibel readings to have any music by day or night. In fact, every police station should book a case of noise pollution every half hour,\" Pereira said.\"Restaurant owners are forced to eventually stop music as it will lower their overhead costs that they spend on entertainers like musicians,\" said Rohan D'Souza, a manager at a Mobor restaurant. He added that many weddings have been affected including those of tourists who spend big money to have a wedding reception in Goa.(With inputs from Vijay de Souza and Keshav Naik)Times ViewBy hiking licence fees for bands and reducing tables and deck beds on shacks, the government has taken away the sheen from tourism, which is Goa's mainstay. While regulating the shacks, the tourism department should have ensured that the fun from the experience of Goa's beaches is not taken away. In many areas, the beaches are bereft of the usual brouhaha, and it was felt on Christmas evening and in all probability will be felt on New Year's eve as well. This might drive out tourists from Goa in the future. Though Goa has got in more tourists this year around, it is important to maintain the fun and cool factor, otherwise, the government will be accused of short-sighted vision on tourism. With mining out of the way, they should do everything to keep the attractions of Goa as a tourist destination and encourage more fun things keeping in mind the world stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829112", "title": "Anjelica Huston named PETA person of the year", "text": "US Actress Anjelica Huston has been crowned PETA's Person of the Year for campaigning to keep chimpanzees out of TV commercials.Due to the 61-year-old actresses' volunteerism and work as a narrator of a hard-hitting video expose, about how great apes suffered in the entertainment industry, the top 10 advertising agencies in the US have adopted policies to stop using chimps in their ads, the Daily Star reported.A PETA spokesperson said that 'The Witches' star sent her video to agency chiefs across the country, showing them exactly how great apes are torn away from their mothers shortly after their birth and were frequently beaten during training to perform in ads for companies like Dodge , Europcar, Pfizer , Samsung , and Travelers Insurance , all of which pulled their ads after talks with PETA.PETA's representative Wendy Wegner said that Huston was a true friend to all animals and the perfect choice for PETA's Person of the Year 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829918", "title": "New Years Eve 'worst night of the year' for millions", "text": "Around 10 million Britons say New Year's Eve is the \"most depressing\" night of the year, according to a study which also revealed that most people will be in bed by 10.38pm.Four in 10 adults will refuse to celebrate the start of 2013, up 10 per cent on last year. They will shun the parties and go to bed at their normal time - with many blaming economic gloom for their cheap night in, the study by hotel firm Travelodge found.According to the study, one in 10 say they \"feel exhausted\" after Christmas and just want to catch up on their sleep before returning to work, the Daily Express reported.Residents of York are most likely to sleep early, followed by those in Cardiff and Cambridge.Just 18 per cent of people will go out to a party tonight, with London , Edinburgh and Birmingham set to be the hot spots.Most people are broke, tired, and feeling toxic after the Christmas blow-out, and inspiration and motivation are at an all-time low, said Life coach Carole Ann Rice .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17828196", "title": "US launches homicide probe into death of Andhra man", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian man hailing from Andhra Pradesh , who used to run a liquor store in the US, was found dead at the shop under suspicious circumstances and police have opened a homicide investigation.Venkat Reddy-Goli, 47, was found dead by the police inside the Central Liquors store in Colerain Township of Ohio having a population of some 60,000.The police said Goli, owner of the liquor store, suffered from fatal injuries. A spokesman of Colerain Township Police Department said that no arrest has been made so far.Police said they have opened a homicide investigation. \"It is under investigation. We can't divulge any other information,\" he said.The police arrived at the crime scene in the wee hours of Sunday after his wife called. The wife went to the store after Goli did not return from his business on Saturday night.When she reached the store, she found her husband lying aside in the store and notified police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826229", "title": "A centenary tribute to a dance legend", "text": "BANGALORE: The life and art of Bharatanatyam dance guru US Krishna Rao will be celebrated on his birth centenary with a dance festival in the city later this week. He was one of the artistes behind making the dance form accessible to traditional Indian society that considered it a taboo.Rao grew up in Bangalore and was a multi-faceted personality. He was a cricketer and captained the Bangalore United Cricket Club. He also mastered the art of playing tabla, flute and harmonium. He was a chemistry professor in Central College , where he met his wife-to-be, Chandrabhaga Devi.The couple worked relentlessly in the field of dance, often suffering from utter poverty as they organized the dance shows with their own money.The duo was ostracized for pursuing an art form that was slated to be off-limits for Brahmin men and women. \"When dance was not a respectable art form, Rao went against the skeptics and spread it. It is because of people like him that the traditional Indian dance form has got its due,\" says Prateeti Punja Ballal, a senior student of Rao and member of the festival organizing committee.The couple choreographed new dances breaking the monotony of old traditional items without losing the traditional foundation.Their students remember their teachers with affection and warmth. Shardha Rudra, who has choreographed popular dance dramas, recalled that her guru was strict about perfection of movement. \"But he was encouraging when it came to giving us confidence,\" she says. \"He and aunty were like our second parents. They not only taught us the art of dancing but also taught us the principles of life,'' she adds.The maya of danceProminent dancers, mostly students of Krishna Rao, will perform at Maha Maya, the three-day event, at Ravindra Kalakshetra and Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, beginning Friday.Among the performers are Sonal Mansingh, Harish Raman, Prateeksha Kashi, Nandini K Mehta, K Murali Mohan, Prabal Gupta, Hema Panchamukhi and group. They will perform various dance forms like Bharatanatyam, Kathak, Kathakali and Kuchipudi.The festival will also see the first ever screening of the last documentation done on the legend by critic and dance historian Ashish Mohan Khokar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832280", "title": "Colors adds more masala to the weekends in 2013", "text": "Fiction lovers can now catch Sasural Simar Ka, Balika Vadhu and Madhubala on Saturdays too.In the new year, Colors is all set to offer viewers an extra dose of fiction by airing popular shows Sasural Simar Ka , Balika Vadhu and Madhubala.. Ek Ishq, Ek Junoon six days a week.With this expansion, Colors beefs up its weekend entertainment quotient by offering something for everyone in the family. Complementing the current line-up of weekend shows Bigg Boss-6, Shaitaan, fiction shows will complete the entertainment bouquet for COLORS.Prashant Bhatt, Weekday Programming Head, COLORS, said, \"Our move to expand our 7.30-8.30 slot to weekends is a humble new year gift to our loyal viewers. We invest a lot of time in creating sticky concepts for our viewers and it's heartening to see they're loving it and wanting more. In the new year, you'll see more drama, emotion and romance on COLORS with more interesting twists and turns that will keep audiences glued to TV\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825401", "title": "Aakash 3 tablet may have sim slot, more apps", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine a tablet that can diagnose your heart rate? Or web-cam, textbook with audio notes in your mother-tongue and SIM card slot, all available within the existing price band.Researchers and professors at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay, are burning the midnight oil to equip the third edition of the low-cost tablet Aakash with newer apps and more open source software than ever before.About 50 lakh 'Aakash 3' tablets are expected to be rolled out in the next phase, the global tender for which may be floated in February.According to committee members engaged in developing the third version of Aakash, the endeavour will be to make the product as indigenous as possible and involve multiple vendors.\"Our aim is to imbibe the usage of tablets in the education system and create an ecosystem for this. We have distributed Aakash tablets to 250 colleges across the country and asked them to come up with newer ways to use the device,\" said Deepak B Phatak, committee member and a professor in IIT- Bombay's Department of Computer Science and Engineering.Aakash 3 will have a faster processor supporting both Linux and Android operating systems and come with advanced memory, he said. \"It could also have a SIM card slot so that people can use it as a communication device,\" Phatak said.Besides Phatak, Prof Ashok Jhunjhunwala of IIT-Madras along with hundreds of students and other partners are also involved in making the new Aakash 3.One of the aims of students involved in the project is to develop an application for the tablet that can tell pulse rate. It will also have a larger distribution and servicing system so that owners can get their tablets repaired locally.He also suggested two models for Aakash 3 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for schools and the other for colleges with graded pricing. Phatak said that the model for students could be made available at the current price of Rs 2,236, while the one for college students could be higher. However, there is no consensus on the proposal at present.The most recent version, Aakash 2, developed by IIT-Bombay along with C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing), was launched by President Pranab Mukherjee in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830281", "title": "Ban condoles death of gang-rape victim, urges reforms to deter violence against women", "text": "NEW DELHI: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expresses \"deep sorrow\" over the death of the 23-year-old Delhi gang-rape victim on Sunday.According to a statement issued on Saturday night by Ban's spokesperson, \"He offers his sincerest condolences to her parents, family and friends, and utterly condemns this brutal crime.\"The 23-year old physiotherapy student had been gang-raped by six men in a moving bus in the Indian capital on December 16, 2012. Subsequently, she had been transported to a Singapore hospital where she was being treated for severe injuries, and where she was reported to have died on Saturday.According to United Nations News Centre, the attack sparked widespread protests about gender attitudes in India, as well as calls for changes to relevant national laws.\"Violence against women must never be accepted, never excused, never tolerated. Every girl and woman has the right to be respected, valued and protected,\" Ban's spokesperson said in the statement.\"He also encourages the Government of India to strengthen critical services for rape victims,\" the spokesperson continued, adding that the UN Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women) and other parts of the UN system stand ready to support such reform efforts with technical expertise and other support as required.Established in July 2010 with the aim of accelerating progress on meeting the needs of women worldwide, UN women works for, among other issues, the elimination of discrimination against women and girls; empowerment of women; and achievement of equality between women and men as partners and beneficiaries of development and human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825202", "title": "One dies in cylinder blast", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A 32-year-old person was killed and another eight people were injured when a LPG cylinder exploded at Ganneruvari Veedhi in the Old City here on Sunday. The blast took place in a congested room around 6.30 pm while a group of migrant workers were preparing food. The police are yet to identify the deceased person and the particulars of the injured people.According to the police, a group of migrant workers from Jharkhand who are employed at Vizag Steel Shipping Company are staying in a rented house at Ganneruvari Veedhi. While they were preparing food, the LGP cylinder suddenly exploded.In the blast, the migrant workers and the residents of the adjacent houses were injured in addition to two others who were passing through the road. Sources said a 32-year-old man walking past the house died in the incident, while eight others were admitted to KGH. The condition of two people is said to be critical and they have been shifted to the ICU wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17829884", "title": "25-year-old woman commits suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year-old woman tried to end life near her former husband's residence. The woman was rushed to a nearby hospital and was saved, said Isanpur police.According to investigators, Sunita (name changed), a resident of CTM, had got married to Vinay, a resident of Avalon Flats near Cadila Bridge, earlier this year. She later got to know that Vinay was already married. When confronted, he promised her that he was in process of divorce and would soon be out of wedlock.\"However, Sunita's family broke the relationship and fixed her engagement with a youth. She was, however, still in love with Vinay. When she did not get Vinay's final decision, she consumed sleeping pills below his flat,\" said an police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17823991", "title": "Barak Valley expresses solidarity with Delhi gang rape victim's family", "text": "SILCHAR: Students, women and people from all walks of life took out rallies in different towns across Barak Valley on Saturday and Sunday with an aim to express solidarity with Delhi gang rape victim Nirbhaya's family. The 23-year-old girl, who died in Singapore's Mount Elizabeth hospital on Saturday, was cremated on Sunday.The All India Democratic Students' Organization (AIDSO)'s Cachar district committee on Sunday built an altar at Club Road in Silchar in the memory of Nirbhaya and AIDSO members paid their respects to her and condoled her death.AIDSO members shouted slogans against the Delhi government, which failed to provide security to the girl. They also demanded capital punishment for the six culprits involved in the rape and brutal assault of the physiotherapy student in a moving bus in south Delhi on December 16 night.\"We will go on with our protests until the six men involved in the case are hanged,\" said a student activist. Several women's bodies also brought out a protest rally in Karimganj town on Sunday and sought capital punishment for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831726", "title": "NRIs: Get ready to order new India cheque books", "text": "Come April 2013 and your old cheque books from your bank account in India will become void. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has introduced a new format for cheques, the CTS-2010 Standard as part of its measures for standardization and enhancement of security features.\"If the cheques are not compliant with the new CTS 2010 standards by March 31st 2013, they may be considered invalid and may not be honored post the deadline or may be cleared at a less frequent interval as per RBI directive. Going forward all customers will need to be careful while writing the new cheques. For instance, cheques with alterations in crucial fields like payee's name and amount in figures or words will not be processed under the new system post the March 31st 2013 deadline. It also becomes imperative that if one has availed a home loan and/ or auto loan and issued post-dated cheques, then they will be required to replace such post-dated cheques with the CTS-2010 compliant ones now before March 31, 2013,\" explains Virat Diwanji, Executive Vice President and Head Branch Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank .New features \"Visibly there would be 4-5 key differences between the old cheques and new CTS ( Cheque Truncation System) cheques which can help identify whether the cheque book the individual currently holds is CTS compliant or not,\" says Diwanji.The key features: - Words 'CTS 2010' printed on the left hand side of the cheque leaf near perforation - All cheques carry a standardized watermark, with the words 'CTS-INDIA' which can be seen when held against any light source - Pantograph with hidden/ embedded word 'VOID' is included in the cheques. The word is clearly visible in photocopies of a cheque - The right hand corner of the cheque leaf has boxes provided for the date which is in the DD/MM/YYYY format - New Rupee symbol inscribed near the numerical 'amount' field.Individuals can look for the following features. If these features are present in the cheque book, it is a CTS compliant one.Get your new cheque books \"Banks may not automatically issue new cheque books to all customers since very few NRIs use cheques currently as most of them use internet banking for transfer of funds,\" Diwanji says.You would thus need to watch out for any communication from your bank regarding issuance of new cheque books. You could also check your bank's website for instructions. Banks would ideally send a communication informing the customers about the new regulations and asking the customers to contact the bank for requesting new CTS 2010 standard cheque book depending on their need and then asking customers to either destroy or surrender the old cheques post they receive the new cheque book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825210", "title": "The year that was", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: For the City of Destiny, 2012 was a year of mishaps and milestones, sorrows and successes, vices and virtues and take-offs and tragedies. The Times of India hits the rewind button to bring the good, the bad and the ugly of the year that was for Vizagites.Year of sorrows &amp; scandalsBlast shockThe worst ever mishap in its 41-year history rocked the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant on June 13, 2012. The blast in the new oxygen unit of its steel melting shop during a trial run left 19 people, including workers and top officials, charred to death and more than 20 injured. Not only was it the fourth and most severe fire accident at VSP so far, the year also saw the state-run steelmaker almost lose its Navratna tag as its proposed initial public offering was delayed this year.Battered by NilamHit the Vizag coast in early November and the resultant floods ravaged the district. Though officially no human lives were lost in the district, crops, cattle and properties worth crores of rupees were swept away. Such was Nilam's impact that it brought life to a grinding halt in several low-lying colonies in the city and for over 48 hours train and bus services were completely stalled.Swept awaySix Gitam University students drowned in the sea off Rushikonda on October 17, proving once again that the enticing blue sea in the 30-kilometre stretch between Vizag to Bheemli is a death trap. On an average around 30-35 deaths by drowning take place every year in and around the city due to the rip currents in the sea and due to the lack of proper life-saving measures on the beaches.Varsity scandal2012 will go down in the annals of Andhra Pradesh's oldest university - Andhra University - as a year of shame. The university that was graced by luminaries like CV Raman, Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Rabindranath Tagore, was rocked by a sex scandal in the first week of December when a student alleged that a professor of economics from the distance education department molested her when she went to collect her pass certificates from him. The university suspended the professor.Navy bluesFor the first time in Vizag's Naval history, the much-anticipated Navy Day celebrations were cancelled as a mark of respect for the departed former prime minister I K Gujral. Despite the year-long wait by Vizagites and tourists for a glimpse of the spectacular displays related to the Navy and naval warfare, denizens had to be content with the run through.Valley woesThe peak Dasara season strike at Araku by employees of APTDC in mid-October and the curtailment of the week-long Araku Utsav to just two days proved to be a major dampner for the tourism industry in Vizag and left tourists high and dry. Hundreds of workers including tribal guides, APTDC employees in hotels, boating, bus and taxi services as well as Borra Caves workers boycotted work demanding regularisation of salaries and hike in pay.Year of firsts &amp; fortunesUnderwater powerINS Chakra, the Akula-class nuclear submarine, leased from Russia , put India in the elite club of nations to be armed with nuclear powered submarines. INS Chakra docked in the port city in April 2012 when it was inducted into the Eastern Naval Command. The submarine will now make India's dreams of becoming a naval superpower a reality by acting as a training ground for induction of submariners into the country's indigenously built nuclear sub fleet.Taking heartVizag finally found its place on the map of Indian cities performing heart transplant surgeries after a successful cardiac transplant was conducted on a 28-year-old patient. On December 4, the heart from a 28-year-old brain dead accident victim Nagu Babu, was transplanted into another 28-year-old patient Mohammed Rafi from Tadipatri in Kadapa, who was suffering from end-stage heart failure. So far cardiac transplants were being done only in Delhi, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kochi and Chennai.IPL dreamThe dreams of die-hard lovers of slam-bang format of cricket finally came true when the city hosted two IPL matches for the first time ever in April and May. The venue served as second home ground for the now defunct Deccan Chargers Hyderabad team. The high-voltage matches between the Hyderabad team and Mumbai Indians and Kolkata Knight Riders left Vizagites thirsting for more.Racing aheadFor the first time, automobile buffs in the city had a feel of motor sporting in the true sense when an auto-cross event was organised by a city-based sporting company. The local junta had a thrilling run on high-speed four-wheelers like Polaris ATV.IT's happeningOn the business front too, things started moving with IT majors like Wipro and IBM setting up shop in the city after a delay of nearly five years. While Indian MNC Wipro started its delivery centre on September 21, by the end of the year US-headquartered IT giant IBM too logged into the city bringing with them the promise of jobs for aspiring techies.Flying internationalThe city added another feather to its cap when its airport turned international class. The city is now connected to global destinations like Dubai and Singapore , with many more international cities waiting in the wings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825356", "title": "Hazard lurks at railway light point", "text": "Despite a synchronized system of signals between the transport light point (TLP) and housing board light point and presence of four traffic policemen on this stretch at all times, accidents at the railway light point on Madhya Marg, Chandigarh, are increasing by the day.The light point, which is linked to the Chandigarh railway station, has witnessed 46 road accidents included 19 fatal casualties of which 12 victims were riding two-wheelers between January 1 and December 28 this year. A turn, which is situated around 80 meters ahead of the light point and links the railway station with industrial area, is another accident prone area in the city.A traffic official said, \"The reason behind road accidents at the railway light point is heavy flow of traffic from Panchkula, Chandigarh and other cities. And this intersection is also busy because it is directly linked with the railway station.\" Sudhir Yadav, a member of the traffic advisory council, said, \"Though after having a synchronized signal system between the transport light point (TLP) and the housing board light point, traffic flow has become smoother, traffic pressure is increasing with each passing day.\" Yadav, who lives in Manimajra, said, \"Vehicular pressure on the railway light point has also increased due to the IT-Park, Manimajra, and its direct link with Panchkula.\"Police registered FIRs in connection with the 46 accidents at the railway station light point and 52 at TLP. However, there is a possibility that in several road accidents no police report was lodged or a compromise was reached between the two parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17823925", "title": "Indian umpire S Ravi plays the good host!", "text": "The people of Chennai are known for being good hosts and on Sunday, it was the turn of umpire S Ravi to do the honours. The local umpire, who is highly rated in the domestic circuit, made two errors at crucial junctures that went a long way in Pakistan winning the first ODI.The first came when century-man Nasir Jamshed was closing in on his 50. A big inside edge off R Ashwin was taken by Virender Sehwag at first slip and the umpire, strangely, turned it down.And if that was not enough, soon after, Younus Khan missed a sweep off a straight ball off Ashwin and was caught plumb in front. Ravi, again the umpire, turned the appeal down and Younus launched an attack on Yuvraj Singh after that gave Pakistan the necessary momentum to go for the kill.India were on the wrong side of another umpiring decision when Azhar Ali was caught right in front by Bhuvneshwar Kumar in the second ball of the Pakistan innings and Billy Bowden said 'No' which left even the commentators shocked.Dhoni made a sign for a referral, to which Bowden smiled. It seemed he was saying \"It's not there because you don't want it to.\"Sachin Tendulkar nostalgiaWhen India's score was 29-5, the giant screen replayed a clip showing Sachin Tendulkar walking in to bat. It was done just to stir up memories, but it seemed to send the entire crowd sighing in despair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17832835", "title": "After glitch, women helpline starts in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Causing embarrassment to the Delhi government, its much-vaunted helpline for women suffered technical glitches soon after launch Monday. Mobile phone users could not connect to its toll-free number 181 before evening.For a better part of the day, a long beep greeted callers on the helpline which is being operated from chief minister Sheila Dikshit's residence.A government official explained: \"Since 181 is a toll-free number, it takes time for other mobile network providers to get connected to it.\"By evening, however, the problem was sorted out and the helpline became accessible also from mobile phone networks like Airtel, MTNL and Vodafone.Dikshit last week announced the setting up of the helpline in the wake of gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman Dec 16. The woman died Saturday.Women in distress can seek any help from the round-the-clock facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825246", "title": "Power cuts add to people's misery", "text": "LUDHIANA: The frequent power cuts being imposed by Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL), especially in the biting cold has lead to residents' suffering. The areas where residents are witnessing power cuts of 30 minutes to an hour or more, two-three times a day include BRS Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Model Gram and Civil Lines.Complains Lovely Gupta, a marketing professional living in Model Town, \"The corporation has resorted to power cuts ranging from half an hour to an hour, twice or thrice a day. These power cuts are taking place when winter is at its peak, much to the agony of people.\"\"I have two children, a daughter, Aaina, who studies in class VIII, and son Lavish, who is a class III student. Their exams are just around the corner and I am worried that their studies will get affected due to power cuts. We have heating arrangements but these too work only when there is power,\" Lovely Gupta, a marketing professional living in Model Town, said.Manpreet Singh, a businessman of BRS Nagar, says, \"Power cuts have made things bad for us. In the last two days, there have been hour-long power cuts, three-four times a day. In winter, the power is needed the most to beat the cold but PSPCL is making us suffer. The authorities should ensure round the clock power in all areas of the city as we pay our bills for the power.\"Vishruti Sharma, a student of Sarabha Nagar, says \"Ours is one of the posh areas of the city and there are power cuts here to. Though most of the households have invertors and generators but not all have back-up systems on which heating appliances work as these consume a lot of power.\" He adds, \"We are facing power cuts at least twice a day. The authorities should not impose the power cuts as people are suffering.\"Even as senior PSPCL officers were not available for comment, a junior official, said, \"The problem is not that big and we are imposing power cuts only when power load gets too much. We don't have any control on power cuts as it is the Northern Grid that enforces these and that too when the demand of electricity gets more than the availability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827254", "title": "Anoushka , Norah to represent Ravi Shankar at Grammy Awards", "text": "After the death of Pandit Ravi Shankar, on December 11, 2012, step sisters Anoushka Shankar and Norah Jones will collect their father's posthumous Grammy award at the ceremony to be held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on February 10, 2013.\"Norah (Jones) and I are planning to receive the award on his behalf together,\" said Anoushka over an email chat from her San Francisco home. The sisters aren't new to the prestigious music awards ceremony. While Norah has won the Grammy nine times, Anoushka has been nominated thrice. She was also the youngest nominee and the first woman to be nominated for the World Music Category in 2003. Incidentally,this year has been the first time in history of the Grammy awards when a father and daughter were nominated in the same category.\"He blessed me (after hearing about the Grammy nomination). We also joked about it. He said he hoped I would win and I said that it was unlikely with him being nominated alongside me,\" Anoushka recalled the conversation with her father during his last days. When the nomination was announced a couple of months back, the maestro was already battling cardio respiratory problems and trying to convalesce after a surgery in a hospital in San Diego. Recounting her father's memorial service that was held in California, Anoushka told us that she is overwhelmed with the tributes and love that poured in from around the globe. \"Though I knew, of course, how loved he was, it was truly incredible to see the tributes bestowed upon him globally, to see nearly two-thousand people come to his memorial in California, and to see photos of people thronging to pay respects to his photographs around India. It's humbling and inspiring. On a personal level as well, it has been incredibly beautiful to receive so much love and support from people around the world,\" she said adding, that perhaps it was this love that helped her overcome her sense of loss. \"Though I will always miss him, I don't feel alone. I am grateful to all those who love him and have connected to my family in this time,\" said Anoushka who will soon visit India along with the rest of the family for a memorial service for her father 'sometime in March'. And though Anoushka held back from divulging any detail of the memorial service, sources said that it would perhaps be held at the Ravi Shankar Foundation in the national capital. Interestingly for Ravi Shankar fans,Anoushka revealed that a few unheard records of the maestro would be released soon. \"My father's record label, East Meets West Music, has already begun releasing unheard music of my father's. My family and I are committed to making sure people can continue to hear more of his music over the years,\" she added. Slowly stepping in to take on her father's responsibility, Anoushka left us on a wishful note: \"I hope I can do him and his teachings justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824706", "title": "Girl gangraped in moving car gives birth", "text": "MUMBAI: Hours after a complaint was registered against three unidentified persons for kidnap and gangrape, the 18-year-old victim from Ulhasnagar gave birth to a baby girl around 9pm on Saturday at KEM Hospital.The girl's parents are, however, not ready to take the child home. Instead, they planned to hand over the baby to the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) that could put her up for adoption, a family member of the victim told TOI.On April 17, the victim, then a 17-year-old first year junior college student, was kidnapped from Ulhasnagar and allegedly raped by three men in a moving car before being dumped at Ambernath. Around one-and-a-half months later, the victim realized that she was pregnant and since then, she stopped attending her classes, said the police. But even after the family learnt about her condition and what led to it, they did not register a complaint, fearing stigma.On Friday and Saturday morning, the family made the rounds of hospitals in Ulhasnagar, trying to get the victim admitted for delivery; but with all the hospitals insisting that a police case has to be registered, the family came away. On Saturday evening, the family took the girl to KEM hospital where she was admitted. Before delivery, when the doctors asked for the father's identity, the family revealed that it was a rape case following which the hospital informed the Bhoiwada police and a case was registered.On Sunday, TOI visited the victim's residence, but her father asked the correspondent to leave and closed the door. He said he was not in a state to talk. The victim's uncle, whom TOI spoke to, said, \"Both the parents and the victim kept the matter under wraps, fearing social ostracism. Around two months after the rape, the girl started feeling unwell. During a check-up, she was found to be with child. It is then that she revealed that she had been gangraped.\"In her complaint, the victim stated, \"I only remember that on April 17, I had left home to take food for my father who was admitted to a hospital, which was a bit far from my house. I was walking when suddenly, a car stopped and I was dragged inside. There were three men sitting inside, including the one who was driving. Before I could realize what was happening, one of them injected something in my hand and I fell unconscious. When I regained consciousness, I found myself lying by the road in an isolated place at Kansai in Ambernath. Somehow, I managed to take a transport back home.\"ACP (Bhoiwada) R B Poman confirmed to TOI that the case had been registered and it had been transferred to the Vitthalwadi police under whose jurisdiction the incident occurred. \"We have registered a case of kidnap and gangrape. Her statement was recorded at KEM hospital before she delivered a baby girl,\" said Poman. Assistant inspector of the Vitthalwadi police S S Patil said, \"We will study the place and time of offence and also try to prepare sketches of the accused, if the girl can give us details.\"Ulhasnagar victimThe victim hails from a middle-class family from Ulhasnagar-4. Her father is an auto driver, while her mother is a housewife. Her elder sister is yet to be married. One of her uncles is employed with the railways, while the other is a lawyer. The victim was a first-year junior college student when she was raped in a car between Ulhasnagar and Ambernath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17828272", "title": "Patrick Suckling appointed as Australia's next envoy to India", "text": "MELBOURNE: Career diplomat Patrick Suckling has been appointed as Australia's next high commissioner to India.Suckling will take up the post in New Delhi next month, according to media reports here.The appointment was announced by foreign minister Bob Carr who said the role was important because India is Australia's fourth largest export market, with trade between the two countries reaching 18-billion dollars a year.Suckling is a career diplomat who has previously been posted to New Delhi and Washington.He has a post-graduate diploma in Hindi from the University of Sydney. Suckling will replace Peter Varghese, who is returning to Australia to head the department of foreign affairs and trade.\"Suckling is an accomplished career diplomat with expertise in policy development, public diplomacy and consular service,\" Carr said in a statement on Sunday.\"His previous postings to New Delhi and Washington and postgraduate qualifications in Hindi will serve him well as high commissioner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17826155", "title": "District collectors will have power to grant citizenship in BJP govt: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "JODHPUR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari announced a financial aid of Rs 5 lakh to the Pakistani Hindu migrants during his visit here on Sunday.Gadkari also assured the migrants of setting up a five-member team, including two MPs, which will study the nitty-gritty of the issue and coordinate between Jodhpur and central unit, so that the issue can be taken up on international forums and organizations. He was in Jodhpur as the chief guest of the concluding ceremony of the \"Swadeshi Mela\" at the Polo Ground here.Earlier, the BJP president met the migrants at their camp at Jhanwar Road and spent about half-an-hour with them. He said India is a country for people of Hindu origins and it is unfortunate that they are termed as refugees here. \"But we assured you to take up the issues in both the houses of Parliament vehemently,\" he said.Gadkari said if his party is voted to power, BJP will delegate the power of citizenship back to district collectors so that the issue of citizenship does not get caught in administrative wrangles and can be expedited at the district level itself. \"We already have this policy in place but with the Congress voted to power, the power from district collectors was snatched by the Central government,\" he said.\"We understand your problems and once we are in power, your welfare will be among our top priorities and we will also take up the issue with the UN and its Commission on Human Rights to seek a permanent solution of the problem,\" Gadkari said.Targeting the Union government, he said the Hindu minority in Pakistan is at the receiving end and \"our government has failed to protect them. This reluctance and behaviour of the government is quite disappointing and unjustified,\" he said.President of Seemant Lok Sangthan, Hindu Singh Sodha, accompanied Gadkari during his visit to the camp of the Hindu migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832754", "title": "TV stars New Year resolutions", "text": "It's New Year's Eve and it's time to say good bye to year 2012. When the entire nation is in high spirits and busy making resolutions how can our favourite TV stars be left behind?However, making resolutions is easy but sticking to them takes determination and accountability. We spoke to some popular TV stars to find out if they really believe in following resolutions.Sargun Mehta aka Bulbul of Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada says, \"I haven't thought of any resolutions. May be I will think on making one by the end of the day or tomorrow and that too for kicks.Angad Hasija popularly known for his role in Bidaai has an agenda on his mind, he says, \"I plan to work hard and continuously live a balanced life. I want to go on learning. I am also planning hard to not to follow any day to eat non-vegetarian food so from now on I will eat non-vegetarian food any day.\"On the other hand well-known actor Hrishikesh Pandey doesn't believe in new year resolutions, he says, \"I don't make any resolutions for me goals are continuous process.\"Manit Joura currently seen in Star Plus' Khamoshiyaan says, \"My new year resolution would definitely be to work harder than this year and grab some good assignments. I also plan to buy a new home and live a free life.\"Rishika Mihani who plays the role of Shivani in Sony TV's Love Marriage Ya Arrange Marriage, believes in following her heart, \"I don't believe in resolutions and to do something I don't need a resolution. I follow my heart.\"Simple Kaul who is currently winning hearts as Jetha Lal's second wife says, \"My New year resolution is to be honest to myself and others so much so that I can call a spade a spade. And professionally I want to be very choosy about picking up roles and will work continuously without any break now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17824669", "title": "Women resort to broom power to seek justice for Nirbhaya", "text": "BOKARO: The death of Delhi gang rape victim triggered protests, rallies and candlelight vigil across the town. More than a dozen demonstrations were organized in different parts of the town on Sunday. Women in large numbers hit the streets holding banners and posters demanding the death of the accused.Since the last fortnight, the city has been witnessing demonstrations, candle marches, rallies, burning of effigies, etc, as a mark of protest against the growing incidence of rape and molestation. The residents of the city are demanding better security and safety for women.A group of women in Bokaro demonstrated by holding brooms in their hands and parading the streets of Chas area. The group headed by Sona Devi moved on to the streets shouting slogans like \"hang the accused without mercy\". They also burnt effigies of the accused at Dharmsala Chowk.Meanwhile, about fifty women led by Ritu Rani Singh, a social worker, took out a protest march. They demonstrated their protest by waving placards bearing strong reactions, while walking down the streets. The sundown candle marches in Majdoor Ground and other parts of Bokaro townships drew more and more people from across all sections of society.Students and teachers under the banner of BOXA took out a candlelight vigil at Sector-IV. They mourned the death of the girl. Students said they were shocked at the incident and demanded that the culprits be brought to book.Rajesh Thakur, a member of a social organization, said they condemned the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832268", "title": "Chris Brown paints picture for Rihanna", "text": "Rapper Chris Brown has reportedly spent months working on a romantic painting for Rihanna.Brown's painting depicts the two of them in a loving embrace and includes a personal message that reads - \"You're my girl for life\", reports femalefirst.co.uk.\"He and Rihanna are crazy as hell. Chris had a bomb time with Rihanna over Christmas. He was scared, though, when she came to his house because Chris has been working on a painting for like two months for her,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"He painted this picture of him and her together and it's amazing. It's him and her together. She is looking forward and he's kissing her on the cheek. Chris painted the gold necklace around her neck that he got her and at the bottom he wrote - 'You're my girl for life',\" added the source.The source said the painting has already been shipped to Rihanna.\"I don't know if Rihanna got the painting yet, but he shipped it to her and I know she will go crazy when she sees it. I don't know why Chris didn't put it on Instagram , but I guess they want some stuff to themselves,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17831133", "title": "Apple iWatch to use Intel chips: Report", "text": "LONDON: Tech-giant Apple's much-rumoured iWatch would use Intel chips and provide a new interface for the best-selling iPhone , Chinese news sites have claimed.Apple is rumoured to be working on its own version of the iWatch, which uses the previous version of the iPod NanoChinese news site TGBUS reported that sources in the supply chain said \"Apple is building\" a device using Intel chips and new low-power Bluetooth technology.A 1.5\" touchscreen would be used to control the phone, and Apple's voice assistant Siri would also allow users to control the watch using voice commands, the news side said.It also claimed that the device could launch within the next six months, the Telegraph reportsAccording to the paper, although similar Chinese news sites have sometimes provided indications of Apple's intentions, they have seldom provided infallible information.Meanwhile, Apple rival Google is already working on Glass, a headset with a screen that projects information from the Internet to add information to what the wearer can see.The paper pointed out that Apple itself, however, has not previously been known to be interested in 'wearable technology', despite the popularity of fitness devices such as the Nike+Fuelband and Fitbit or Fitbug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826072", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation's lackadaisical in anti-encroachment drive in Amanishah Nulllah area", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the high court orders to remove encroachment from the catchment area of the Amanishah Nulllah, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) seems to be casual in its approach to both rehabilitation of the affected house owners and removing the illegal constructions.While the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has started the demolition drive, the JMC has not received a single consent letter so far from owners whose houses are in the jurisdiction of the corporation.\"We have put advertisements in newspapers saying affected house owners can approach to our office to fill the consent form. So, far, we have not received a single consent letter,\" civil lines zone commissioner Neetu Barupala said.As per the survey directed by the court, the maximum number of encroachment was found in the jurisdiction of the JMC. Meanwhile, JDA officials are in the process of convincing people to fill the consent form informing that they will have to face contempt of court in case they failed to fill the forms. However, no similar effort has been made by the JMC officials in this regard.Recently, issuing notices to the house owners whose dwellings are in the catchment area of the Amanishah Nullah has become a challenge for the JMC officials. Many a time, officials were not able to complete their work and had to return empty handed as hundreds of residents had gheraoed the officials.\"Earlier, we started issuing notices between Sushilpura and Hassanpura area. After issuing notices, the team had to return as the residents intensified their protest,\" a JMC official said.Official sources claimed that the task is becoming difficult as the residents have become aggressive. Even many encroachers refused to take the notices and one of the house owners tore the notice.An official claimed that the latest high court order on Amanishah Nullah, which allowed its width to be maintained between 150-210 feet on whichever side free space is available, has come as a major relief for the JDA. However, as encroachers are densely populated in the area, there is no option other than razing constructions from both the ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "dateline", "code": "17825653", "title": "Tollywood's Bhabishyat: Sunny Days Ahead", "text": "Dateline: Tollygunge, 2012. The headline: Bhooter bhabishyat atyanta ujjwal. And the bottomline? Mainstream Bengali viewers have signalled \"NO\" to remakes of blowing-up cars and duets in Dubai - and a Thumbs-Up to originality.Why's the future of Bengali cinema bright? Not because 'Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy' is drawing viewers to Nandan-Priya-Star, nor because 'Maya Bazar' gave 'ghosts' a new entity. The future's sunny 'coz a debut film with highly original storyline, comic treatment and mass appeal is the biggest hit. Anik Dutta's 'Bhooter Bhabishyat' ranks 1 to 6, 7, 8, 9 in terms of entertainment quotient, repeat viewing, recall value, shelf life, festival hopping, TRP rating...If any other film is placed in this 'superhit' club, it's Ravi Kinnagi's 'Awara'. 'Challenge 2'? Okay, that too, but shorn of the tall claims of it being the first Bengali member of the 1-crore club. Actually the other 2s - 'Paglu 2', or 'Shatru 2' renamed 'Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back' - sank in the darkened theatres. Perhaps 'Prem Amar 2', just released as 'Bojheyna Shey Bojheyna', will reverse the trend by succeeding at the BO.Raj Chakraborty renamed it 'Bojheyna...' because the serial (NOT a sequel) was bigger than 'Prem Amar', had a better ensemble cast, and a different plot. Two buses collide on a highway off Behrampore because of aggressive driving of irresponsible drivers, shattering the hopes and dreams of a newly-wed couple, a guy taking his girlfriend to meet his parents, a girl going to Kolkata to make a life for herself, and some students.How's this Shri Venkatesh Film different from the others? 'Awara' was a remake of the Telugu 'Krishna'; 'Challenge 2' was remade from Telugu superstar Mahesh Babu's 'Dukkudu' - 'inspired by' the 2003 German tragicomedy 'Goodbye Lenin'; 'Paglu 2' was restitched from Telugu 'Kandireega'; 'Bikram Singha' was the Bengali version of Telugu 'Vikramarkudu' that was dubbed in Malayalam, and Bhojpuri, before going national as 'Rowdy Rathore'.**************************What are the 2012 films that Prabhat Roy, Haranath Chakraborty, Sekhar Das, Debaditya Bandopadhyay or Arijit Dutta recall? 'Bhooter Bhobishyat', they say in unison. Then comes an assortment of titles. Aditi Roy's 'Abosheshey', 'Shibaprasad' and Nandita's 'Muktodhara', and then 'Accident'; Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's 'Aparajita Tumi', Rituparno Ghosh's 'Chitrangada'; Kaushik Ganguly's 'Laptop', Anjan Dutt's 'Dutta Vs Dutta'; Bappaditya Badopadhyay's 'Elar Char Adhyay'; Suman Ghosh's 'Nobel Chor'; Jaideep Ghosh's 'Maya Bazar', Debaditya's '8.08-er Bonga Local'; Sandip Ray's 'Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy'; Sudeshna and Abhijeet's 'Teen Yaari Katha' and then 'Bapi Bari Jaa'; Riingo's 'Na Hanyate', Anumita Dasgupta's 'Jumeli'...Many have not recovered the investment, many are awaiting release, many have got awards. But the variety in terms of content is mindboggling. A son returning to India in search of his mother. An experiment in reforming convicts through cultural intervention. A choreographer who goes for sex change. A sperm donor trying to meet the child that's not his. A rustic who chances upon the Nobel medallion stolen in Santiniketan. An exploration of accidents and their aftermath on the lives of those who cause it. Newfound sexuality in today's youth, urban or otherwise. Eve-teasing on trains, buses and roads. The plight of aam aadmi, ancestral families - or a tribal woman whose husband finds a livelihood in turning his wife into a wet nurse. Pray, which of these sounds like you've been there, seen it before?And, as Pratim D Gupta wrote for his debut vehicle 'Paanch Adhyay', these films are nuanced, the characters are pulsating, rooted in realities that make breaking news, the situations are detailed to make the images convincing - yet the films are not complex, 'intellectual' or mystifying. They're made on modest budgets, with limited experiments in technological terms, but with dollops of conviction (read, heart). Result? The viewer feels good as he comes out of Minar-Bijoli-Chhabighar, or even the Inox-Fame plexes.The joy grows when you note that new directors like Anik Dutta, Aditi Roy, Pratim D Gupta, Joydeep Ghosh, Nehal Dutta ('Palatak') have emerged through these. And they've brought new producers. Unimass Entertainment, for one, took time off from manufacturing body oils and cooking mediums to make 'Bonga Local'. 'Chaplin' was produced by a professional doctor. Rose Valley has made film production central to their identity as much as hotels. The flipside? Many of these producers are here for aggrandisement. After blowing up some money they're never seen in Tollygunge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nirbhaya ", "code": "17828800", "title": "2012: Impact makers", "text": "NIRBHAYA : A city that registers two rapes a day was shocked into outraged protests when this 23-year-old was gangraped and brutalized in a moving bus. The large-scale protests forced the govt to promise a review of rape laws setting up of fast-track courts to deal with rape.ARVI N D  K EJRI WAL : Having remained a loyal lieutenant to Anna Hazare through 2011 and the first half of 2012, Kejriwal came into his own in the second part of the year. After taking on many including Robert Vadra, Nitin Gadkari and Reliance Industries with daring 'exposes', he formed the Aam Admi Party.MARY K OM : In an Olympic in which Indians won their largest tally of six medals, including two silver, there were many heroes but none who captured the public imagination more than M C Mary Kom. The 29-year-old mother of two from Manipur, the only woman boxer to have won a medal at every World Championship, won the Olympic bronze and a billion hearts.V I NO D RAI : Undoubtedly the most high-profile of all the CAGs India has ever had, Rai remained in the headlines for much of the year with CAG reports unveiling many a scam. The most talked-about of them was clearly the scam in allotments of coal blocks to private firms, which became infamous as Coalgate.N ARE NDRA  M ODI : Winning the Gujarat assembly elections for the third successive time and with a near two-thirds, Modi has driven home the fact that he remains unbeatable on home turf. He has also established himself firmly as the front-runner in the race to determine who will lead the BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.SAVITA  H AL APPANAVAR : The tragic death of Karnataka-born Savita after a miscarriage in an Ireland hospital triggered a global outcry. The fact that the hospital refused to abort the fetus, leading to her death through septicemia, provoked protests against anti-abortion laws and a debate through the Catholic world. Ultimately, Ireland amended its abortion laws.AAMIR KHA N : Long seen as a choosy film star who invested a lot in his projects, Aamir shone in a new role this year with his TV show Satyamev Jayate. Focusing on social ills like honour killings, caste and gender discrimination and alcoholism, the show became a Sunday must-watch for many families.MAMATA  BANERJEE : Last year, the feisty Bengal leader dealt the Left a blow from which it is still reeling. This year, she trained her guns on the Congress, accusing it of being 'anti-people'. She quit the UPA in September against the decisions to allow FDI in multi-brand retail and hike in fuel prices.AKHILESH YADAV : Mulayam Singh Yadav's son shepherded the Samajwadi Party to an unprecedented victory, winning 224 seats in the 405-member House. His promise of a new, modern SP, which would not allow the 'goonda raj' of the party's earlier stint in power clearly clicked, but he has largely failed to deliver on that promise.HONEY SINGH : The 28-year-old Punjabi rapper has been around for several years, but really hit the big league this year. Not only did songs from his album International Villager top lists such as the world iTunes and BBC Asian charts, he became Bollywood's highest-paid pop artiste when he was reportedly paid Rs 70 lakh for a song in Mastaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824777", "title": "East Central Railway revises catering tariff", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) has revised its catering tariff for both static and mobile meals and breakfast services.The revised rate has been implemented with the immediate effect in each division of ECR on the directive of Railway Board, New Delhi.According to ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar, the catering tariff was revised earlier in 2003 across the country in all zones. Since then, the railways has revised it only after price escalation on each item of meals and breakfast, he said.As per the revised rate, each cup of tea will now cost Rs 5 while tea bag cup of tea will be priced at Rs 7 for each cup. Coffee is to cost Rs 7 now while one tea pot has been priced at Rs 10. Likewise one coffee pot is to cost Rs 15 either on running train or on platform, the CPRO said.Rail Neer, which has been more in demand will now be sold at Rs 15 (one litre bottle) while rail neer bottle containing 500 ml is priced at Rs 10 per bottle. 'Janta' meal has been popular at all major stations. Under the revised price, it will now be available at Rs 15 for static service on platforms and Rs 20 for mobile service on running trains, the CPRO said.Standard breakfast is priced at Rs 25 per plate for static service and Rs 30 for mobile service. However, breakfast, containing bread and egg, will cost Rs 30 for static service and Rs 35 for mobile service per plate.That apart, railways will now sell standard vegetarian meal at Rs 45 for static service and Rs 55 for mobile service. But non-vegetarian meals will be sold at Rs 50 for static service and Rs 55 for mobile service per plate, the CPRO said, adding the revised rate for refreshment room vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals is Rs 35 and Rs 40 respectively.Railways had formulated a new catering policy during the tenure of former railway minister Mamata Banerjee . Under the new policy, railways stripped IRCTC ( Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation) of catering services across the country and asked departmental catering of railways in each division of zones to take the responsibility.However, IRCTC has been continuing with catering services in Rajdhani Express and Shatabdi Express only, sources said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17826501", "title": "BJP repeats standing committee members", "text": "SURAT: Ruling BJP has repeated all the six retired members of standing committee in Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC). This means that newly elected MLA of Varachha assembly constituency, Kishore Kanani will continue to work as member of the standing committee along Bhimji Patel, Mukesh Dalal, Dr Jagdish Patel, Kalpana Atodariya and Rashmika Patel. Bhimji Patel is likely to be selected chairman for one more term.The new appointments of deputy mayor, leader of the ruling party and chairmen of 11 different committees will take place on Monday. It is expected that all those who retired from various posts on December 1 will be repeated. Varsha Rana retired as deputy mayor and Dayashankar Singh from the post of leader of the ruling party. \"The term of office-bearers had been curtailed with model code of conduct (MCC) coming into effect for assembly polls. They did not get to work for full term,\" said Purnesh Modi, BJP's city president. The city will get a new mayor in June as Raju Desai's term comes to an end.\"We have a practice of allowing maximum people to gather experience in local administration of the city. We make sure that most of the elected councilors get to run an office during their five year tenure,\" said a former leader of ruling party and deputy mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824245", "title": "16 held, released in mining scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The forest department arrested 16 persons, including two quarry owners, for mining and encroaching upon protected and reserve forest land in Pachgaon, 25km from here, on Saturday.The accused were produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Kuhi, by North Umred range forest officer (RFO) R M Agrawal. However, after being remanded to magisterial custody, all the accused moved a bail application and were granted the same as investigating officer did not push for their custody indicating whether the forest officials are really serious about punishing the guilty.Those arrested include quarry owners Gurmeetsingh Chawla and Ajay Jaswani, both from Nagpur, and their managerial staff and labourers. Chawla has been charged with encroaching upon 0.9 hectare forest land and mining on 0.41 hectares while Jaswani was caught mining on 1.3 hectare new reserve forest (NRF), a more serious crime.The ad-interim bail of third accused Anil Bhable, Nagpur, who has encroached and mined upon 7.8 hectare forest land, will come up for hearing on Monday. All the miners have been booked under sections 33 and 26 of the Indian Forest Act 1927 and section 379 of IPC.Continuing its action against illegal mining in Pachgaon, offences were registered against two quarry owners Prabhakar Pillare of Kapsi Khurd and Natthuji Nandurkar of Chimnazari for encroaching upon forest land in compartment number 327 (A).Pillare had encroached upon 0.6 hectare land and Nandurkar on 0.40 hectares. Champa round officer (RO) R B Dharne seized bunkers, labour sheds, conveyor belts, tonnes of gravel, boulders and office, all set up on forest land. \"The encroachments were there for 15 years. An offence was registered against Nandurkar on February 4, 2006 but no action was taken,\" Agrawal said.Official sources said over 200 offences were registered against miners in Pachgaon since 2002 but as cases were not filed allegedly due to soft stand by respective deputy conservators of forests (DyCFs) and subordinates, the accused dared to mine on protected forest.As per the SC order on August 3, 2007 in the matter of TN Godavarman Thirumulpad versus Union of India and others in large-scale illegal mining in PF and RF, state governments have been directed to periodically review, which has not been taken by the Nagpur division.The SC directed that no mining lease, including renewal of mining leases, should be permitted up to 250 metres from the boundary of any forest area. All existing mining leases, including mining leases renewed, should be cancelled forthwith.Meanwhile, MSEDCL has snapped power supply to the quarries of Jaswani and Chawla. \"Both the miners used power connections as a tool to extract material from forest land. They also did blasting on forest land without permission,\" Agrawal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826392", "title": "This group's mission is to make Bangalore garbage-free", "text": "BANGALORE: A new breed of civic workers descended on Govindapura in Nagwara on Sunday. The 150-strong band of members of World Mission Society Church of God-International We Love U Foundation educated residents on segregating and disposing waste and not littering vacant sites.The volunteers cleared the clogged drains of Fatima Layout and Govindapura in Nagwara from 9am to 12.45pm, as part of a 'clean-up campaign' undertaken by the church worldwide. Their purpose is to create awareness on environmental issues by initiating mindset change among citizens.\"The consequences of our action on the environment are serious but we don't act on simple solutions. We in the Society have always volunteered in humanitarian efforts. This year we took up cleaning and this is being done simultaneously around the globe on the same day. As part of the campaign, we decided to go to the same areas where the drains had been cleaned by us in April to see whether they are being maintained or have deteriorated,\" said Rajni Ruffus, programme-coordinator in Bangalore.Rajni said they cleaned the vacant sites laden with garbage and advised residents not to litter streets, drains and empty plots. They also campaigned against dumping waste in plastic bags. \"BBMP officials helped us with their vehicles which collect waste and disinfected the places we cleaned. Residents did blame the civic agency for not doing its work but stepped out to help us with gloves and other things,\" added Rajni.The volunteers did the same cleaning campaign in Lalbagh ahead of Republic Day, cleaning the trash thrown by visitors in the lush gardens. They had organized blood donation camps, early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "17825375", "title": "'No celebrations this New Year'", "text": "BRS Nagar: The Dang family of BRS Nagar will not celebrate New Year as a mark of respect for the Delhi gang rape victim. Jyoti Dang, 43, said they would pray for the victim instead of celebrating New Year.Saying that her family, including 48-year-old Rajinder Singh, 19-year-old Jaskaran, 14-year-old Angeljot and 8-year-old Sana all supported the decision, Jyoti said they would pray for her soul to rest in peace. \"We wish nothing like this ever happens again to any girl. In Punjab it is said, 'Dheeyan ta sab dee sanjhia hundiya ne' (A daughter is a daughter for everyone).\"Jyoti's husband Rajinder Singh said, \"We share the parents' pain. It is time for us to think of all the girls and make this country a safe place for them\". Jaskaran, their teenaged son, said the horrific crime and the tragic death convinced them to think beyond themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17831269", "title": "Sensex declines 18 points on last day of 2012 trading", "text": "MUMBAI: The BSE benchmark Sensex on Monday ended 18 points lower in the last trading session of 2012 as cautious investors reduced their positions amid a weakening global trend.After a better start, the Sensex moved between 19,491.08 and 19,406.17, before ending with a moderate loss of 18.13 points to 19,426.71.The gauge recorded its biggest gain of 26% after 2009 amid government economic reforms measures, including opening foreign direct investment in the retail sector.The wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty shed 3.25 points to 5,905.10.Brokers said the market remained jittery in the last trading session of the calender year with most foreign institutional investors were off the market for a winter break.They said the market remained under pressure on a weakening global trend as US lawmakers still struggling to reach a deal on tax-hike threshold and spending cuts.In 30-BSE index components, 17 stocks gained, while 13 closed with losses. The two most heaviest with their nearly 18% weightage - Reliance Industries and Infosys- ended with moderate losses.The market received cushion as index-linked Wipro gained 0.79% to Rs 394.35 after it approved to separate the consumer care and lighting businesses to focus on information technology.The capital goods sector index suffered the most by losing 0.33% to 10,868.11 followed by FMCG index by 0.27% to 5,916.22 as ITC Ltd lost 0.81% to Rs 286.80.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17823773", "title": "I-League: Salgaocar end year on a happy note", "text": "MAPUSA: Judging from how 2012 would end for Salgaocar Football Club, there should be plenty of hope for 2013.Salgaocar's last match for the year, incidentally, saw them achieve their best result all season as the former I-League champions demolished Air India 4-0 at the Duler Stadium in Mapusa on Sunday.The newly laid artificial turf at Duler - which would take some time to settle down - was always going to cause some problems for starters. But while Salgaocar seemed perfectly at home, Air India discovered the switch from natural to artificial was as good, or bad, as night and day.\"It was not just the turf. We didn't even play 25 per cent of what we normally do,\" admitted Air India coach Anthony Fernandes. The coach knows best but for those who were witness, he was not further from the truth. Air India were lethargic at the back and wayward upfront.They did manage to control proceedings to some extent in the second session but most of the damage was done during an excruciating 14-minute period when Milagres Gonsalves and defender Augustin Fernandes scored two goals each.Mumbai FC share points with Dempo: Mumbai FC fluffed a few sure chances but pocketed a valuable point against table-toppers Dempo in an I-League stalemate at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune, on Sunday. The shared point meant Khalid Jamil's men stayed on fifth position while the Goan club is just three points ahead of Pune FC who have a game in hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17825115", "title": "Mayoral polls: Councillors seek ballot secrecy, phone ban", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the mayoral polls scheduled for Tuesday, municipal councillors from the BJP-SAD alliance have submitted a written representation before the election presiding officer and municipal secretary to ban mobile phones and cameras while casting votes and keeping ballot voting completely secret. The letter of representation said the enclosure in which votes are cast should be reduced to such a height that voters are visible and secrecy of vote is maintained as mandated in the representation of people's act.\"The present representation is being made in view of the past experience of similar elections wherein questions were raised with respect to secrecy of ballot and fairness of elections\", councillors wrote in the representation.There was a major controversy in the last mayoral elections, when it was alleged that Congress councillors, acting on the directions of senior Congress leaders, clicked pictures of the ballot to show their loyalties towards parties.President of the local BJP wing Sanjay Tandon said, \"It is a known fact that Congress councillors took their phones inside during the previous elections. They took pictures after casting their vote and showed these to their leaders. We want to strictly stop it to keep the ballot secret, therefore we have also written to MC officials and presiding officers that voters should be seen properly while casting vote.\"Chandigarh territorial congress committee president B B Behl said, \"We have already told all our municipal councillors not to use their mobile phones while casting vote. Voting should be done through secret ballot.\"Presiding officer of the elections, Babu Lal said, \"I have received the municipal councillors' representation regarding banning of mobile phones and cameras and some other issues. Appropriate steps will be taken to maintain the secret ballot voting for mayoral polls while casting votes.\"The Chandigarh administration has released the notification for mayoral polls and has also appointed officials to conduct elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825061", "title": "This winter, travel safe: Health experts tell how", "text": "GURGAON: With the winter vacation underway, city residents are making the most of it by taking a break outside the city. However, sudden change in temperature, altitude or carelessness in choice of food and water, resulting in illness, may spoil the joyful journey.According to health experts, people should made a checklist before going on a vacation, especially in winter, where the cold wave can play havoc to one's health.While going to any high altitude places, experts said people with heart and lung diseases should consult their doctors as such sites can aggravate their conditions. Experts said maintaining food and water hygiene help a great deal in traveling to semi-urban or rural areas.Dr MK Singh pointed out that pre-planning should be done about accommodation as poor quality of hygiene and sanitation can upset one's stomach. Singh said diarrhea is a common ailment for travellers and people should exercise restraint while eating out.One should avoid drinking tap water, roadside beverages and have ice. Besides, one should insist on eating freshly prepared food. If bottled water is not available, one should at least ask it to be boiled, Singh added.Dr Sandeep Budhiraja said, \"Travelers should always carry medicines for fever, diarrhea, stomach ache and ORS, among others. A flu shot, which helps overcome three strains of fever, including Swine flu should be taken. If any ailment persists, one should see the nearest doctor.\"While pointing out that certain vaccinations are necessary for visiting a specific country, Budhiraja explained that vaccination against yellow fever is mandatory for anyone visiting African countries.Extra precautions are needed while traveling with children and pregnant women. Singh said, \"One should keep the number of the family doctor handy, especially in case the children complaint of an ailment. Pregnant women should avoid traveling. In case it cannot be avoided, a doctor's advice is absolutely necessary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17830168", "title": "Papers on ancient Indian history presented on the final day of IHC", "text": "MUMBAI: On the final day of the Indian History Congress on Sunday, several papers on the ancient Indian History were presented in the morning session held at the Garware Institute in Mumbai University's campus at Kalina.The university hosted the three-day national event where more than 2,500 historians participated from all over the country. During the session on ancient Indian History, a paper was presented by S Bhattacharya based on women. In her research she had taken help of theories to explain with various examples that women are left alone in the process of giving birth.Another research paper was presented by Sheebha U on \"Education of Tamilakam in the Sangam Age: A Historical probe\".She had taken help from Sangam Literature. According to her, research writing was not given so importance in the society. Women education was given to only a certain group of people. A delegate spoke on the Saraswati River. According to his research, the Mughal map shows the Saraswati River, however, the British map does not show the river. Karuna Mishra a delegate from Madhya Pradesh presented her paper in English and it was \"A survey of Bhagvat puran scroll in India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17823871", "title": "Sree Narayana Guru's teachings to find place in be in school curriculum", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The teachings and messages of social reformer Sree Narayana Guru will be included in the school curriculum from the next academic year, chief minister Oommen Chandy said while inaugurating the 80th annual Sivagiri pilgrimage in Varkala on Sunday.\"The government feels that today's generation should know and understand more about Guru's teachings and messages,\" he said adding that Guru's teachings would be part of social science subject.Chandy said the Guru had, years ago, foreseen the significance and importance of education, which we have now realized.\"The Guru realized that a peaceful and prosperous society could be developed only through good education. We now realize the significance of his teachings, and hence there is a need to convey his teachings to the students,'' the chief minister said.Minister of state for civil aviation K C Venugopal , excise minister K Babu, revenue minister Adoor Prakash, advisor to the prime minister T K A Nair, Sree Narayana Dharma Sanghom Trust president Swami Prakasananda, A Sampath, MP, Varakala Kahar, MLA, also attended the inaugural ceremony.As part of the pilgrimage, 10 conferences will be held. Rajya Sabha deputy chairman P J Kurien inaugurated the conference on the need for campaigning against alcohol. A seminar on the media and vision of Sree Narayana Guru was inaugurated by Union minister of state for labour Kodikkunnil Suresh.BJP leader L K Advani will inaugurate the pilgrimage conference on Monday in which union minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827527", "title": "Lohan plans quite New Year", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan is reportedly planning to have a quite New Year unlike her usual preferences.According to sources, the 26-year-old has been telling friends that she will not be part of any wild parties this time, reports tmz.com.The actress wants to start the new year in a clean way and will return back to her hotel room in London after having a quite dinner with friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826374", "title": "Castrate rapists, says BJP minister Shobha Karandlaje", "text": "BANGALORE: The lone woman minister in the state BJP government Shobha Karandlaje favours castration and not death for rapists as advocated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar.\"The death sentence will be an easy escape for the culprits. But let the culprits live with the same social stigma as the victim does and let others be reminded of the punishment,\" Karandlaje told TOI.The minister for power and energy also dismissed Congress suggestion to explore the option of 'chemical castration' as a punitive measure for the rapists. \"I'm not in favour of chemical castration that reduces the libido of men. I seriously feel surgical castration is the only way out,\" she added.Justifying her stand, the minister argued that a rape victim is not only forced to live with an impaired self-esteem for life but also faces social stigma. A slow justice delivery system only adds to her woes. \"By castration, the culprits will also be put through similar trauma but also will be constantly reminded of their ghastly act through out their lifetime. It will create a sense of fear among men in general,\" she said.Karnataka unsafe for womenWhy only Delhi, even Karnataka is not safe for women, Karandlaje insisted quoting the recent crime statistics. She said the government should take women's security as a priority and give special attention to cases of rape, molestation and dowry harassment. \"This is an issue of grave concern. Our government should do some retrospection on it,\" she added.KSWC has no powersKarandlaje said Karnataka State Women Commission (KSWC) should be strengthened immediately and a special police cell headed by a woman IPS officer be set up to deal with women-related cases. \"KSWC is today a toothless organization. It should rather play a proactive role to safeguard women's interests.It needs to be empowered and involve retired women judges, doctors and other professionals to carry out its mandate,\" she added.Filed by Manu/ed /bindu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17823669", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister mourns loss, says death mustn't go in vain", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki joined the nation in mourning the death of 23-year-old medical student and gang-rape victim whose brutal assault and later her death in New Delhi has rocked the nation.In a statement on Sunday, Tuki said the news came as a shock to the people as the whole country had been praying for her recovery.\"This is really sad. My heart goes out to the brave girl and her family members, particularly her parents who had high hopes for her, like every family does,\" he said. Tuki reiterated that her death should not go in vain. \"Let this be a wake-up moment for all of us. Let us resolve to make a better society where women share equal rights and respect,\" he said.The chief minister, in explicit terms, also condemned the crime committed by the six men now in police custody. He called for exemplary punishment to the accused and extended his support for stricter laws for crimes committed against women.Tuki vowed that similar incidents that violate the rights of women or their modesty will not be tolerated in his state.\"We will not tolerate any crime, petty or major, against women in our state. Any offence related to women will be dealt under stringent laws,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "17826134", "title": "Bothering heights: Green Visva-Bharati turns grey", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: Those who have visited Visva-Bharati campus hardly two years ago would not be able to identify some of the places because of the sudden appearance of highrise buildings and odd-looking boundary walls.A couple of years ago when the university authorities wanted to construct boundary walls around the central administrative office, the move was criticized by a section of intellectuals.The walls were then designed by an architect who had extensive research works on the buildings of Santiniketan. But the boundary walls constructed recently in Santiniketan look like that of jails or factories. At present, as many as six highrise buildings are being constructed on the campus.Two age-old gardens have been razed to make way for the construction. Huge vacant spaces too are lost. The authorities, however, claimed that these buildings are necessary for the growth and development of the centre of learning.Arunendu Banerjee, a Kolkata-based architect who had provided consultancy in a number of projects in Visva Bharti and Rabindra Bharati earlier and is still engaged in the restoration works of many other historical places, said: \"If more buildings are required in Visva Bharati, the campus needs be extended. Considering the area, the campus now have, more constructions will only increase the density of buildings and hit the balance of nature. On Visva Bharati campus everything should be constructed keeping in mind the greeneries. When I had designed the Rathindra Guest House, I tried my best to maintain the look of Udyanbari and other old buildings\"According to him, the cultural continuity of Visva Bharati must be reflected in the construction works on the campus.Manimukut Mitra, the former registrar and currently a director of Visva Bharati official said: \"No new construction has been done in the core ashram area. In that area, we have to go for some construction to accommodate the increasing number of students and new departments. Right now, the number of students in various departments is around eight thousand. If we want to make Visva Bharati a complete residential institution, as desired by Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore, we need more hostel buildings.The decision to construct these buildings was taken earlier. The university authority has adopted a resolution that for new buildings, the sprawling vacant space near Sriniketan campus can be utilized in future.\"According to him, the authorities are trying their best to make the buildings, coming up on the main campus, more eco-friendly.\"There was no such rule, but it was a convention that no construction on Visva Bharati campus will cross the height of Santiniketanbari, the first building constructed by Maharshi Devendranath Tagore, the father of Rabindranath and founder of Santiniketan Bramha Ashram. But the buildings, which are being constructed on the campus now, neither follow that convention nor look like the other buildings in Santiniketan. Those are more like common office buildings. Two gardens - one adjacent to the central library and another in Nippon Bhavan - have been razed,\" said an ashramik.\"These buildings are monstrous,\" feels painter and former teacher of Visva Bharati, Kala Bhavan, Jogen Chowdhury. According to him, the green environment of Visva Bharati is taking a hit day-by-day. \"The problem is that the authority has the power to do whatever they want to. They neither care for our opinion nor for any aesthetic sense. When some of those buildings were planned, I opposed but none was bothered. There should be a permanent committee for the planning and construction works,\" he said.Otherwise according to the change in the chair of vice-chancellors more and more such buildings would be constricted indiscriminately,' he said. Chowdhury thought that the reasoning of so called expansion and development of university should not be an excuse for indiscriminate construction in the campus.Veteran Rabindrasangeet singer and former teacher of Sangeet Bhavan, Gora Sarbadhikari, said: \"Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore had himself told that no building should cover the trees. We had met the governor and wrote to the Prime Minister to stop the indiscriminate construction of boundary walls around the campus.\"We even fought in the court of law but we could not do anything against the powerful university authority,' lamented Sarbadhikari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17823896", "title": "Vallakkadavu Boathouse eyes multi-modal hub plan for revival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the Airport Authority of India's (AAI) multi-modal hub system gathering steam, there is renewed hope that the historic Vallakkadavu Boathouse may get a new lease of life.The monument which was renovated by the Trivandrum Development Authority (TRIDA) at a cost of Rs 90 lakh was handed over to the tourism department three years ago. Since then, the magnificent historic structure has been lying unused, covered in dust and bird droppings.The Vallakkadavu Boathouse which was built in the 1820s was the hub of cargo and passenger transport to and from Travancore. TRIDA had restored the building then by using teak wood and remained true to the original design. With a built up area of 600 sqm including a mezzanine floor of 225 sqm around five boats can be operated from here at a time.The cleaning of the polluted Parvathy Putthanar canal for the multi-modal hub project is also expected to give the boathouse a breather. The canal is expected to connect the Trivandrum International Airport (TIA) with the inland waterway. But unfortunately, the encroachments in the area surrounding the boathouse and the waste of around 18 make-shift homes on the north side are being dumped into the canal which flows into the docking area of the boathouse. Apart from this the waste strewn across the walls has also clogged the canal. A massive clean-up has to be undertaken said a DTPC official.\"The DTPC has suggested a temporary bund to be built in the canal below the historic archway leading to the docking area to block murky water from lapping against the building. A spring that flows next to the boathouse would provide fresh water while the cleaning process is undertaken. The building itself can be used as an avenue for leisure. If visitors will be using a ferry to the airport, they can have a short halt here, or boats could dock here. There are so many ways in which this building can be put to good use. It can recreate history, a slice reminiscent of a bygone era,\" said a senior DTPC official.The DTPC proposal had given an estimate of Rs 10 lakh for plumbing, sanitation, building an additional toilet, providing water supply and electrification and around 15 lakh for cleaning the canal, painting and wood polishing works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830307", "title": "Sanjay Jumani entered the Bigg Boss house", "text": "As the Bigg Boss- 6 grand finale inches closer, the makers of the show are leaving no stone unturned in spicing up the show and are bringing in exciting aspects to the show.In Tuesday's (1st December 2013) episode numerologist Sanjay Jumani will be seen entering the Bigg Boss house. He had a database of each contestant's date of birth and names and had already formulated data when he entered.Sanjay started with Niktean and said that in the beginning of his career, he did have to struggle but the power of his name is as good as the power of Shahrukh Khan's name and that he has a winning streak.Since his birth date adds up to number 8, which is a half-and-half number of struggle and success.He then went on to Urvashi and said the numerology of her name as well as her birth date is extremely strong. He said that she is extremely on the face with everyone around and that it did help her make enemies with many, but that Bigg Boss house is anyways a battle ground and that if all goes well then is the probable winner.Keeping in mind that year 2013 adds up to number 6 and that number 6 is the number of planet Venus, which the planet of women, all the women in the house stand a fair chance to win. He said it might be a hat trick with a woman winning the third season of Bigg Boss He then went on to Sana and said that her age being on her side,she will climb the ladder to success soon and has good chances of winning too.He told Delnaz that if he sees any woman winning after Urvashi then it's her, she stands second after Urvashi in her chances to win and that her 41st, 42nd and 43rd year show fair chances of her winning the game.He told Delnaz that her birth date, name and age numerology are all No. 5 and that she is in the lucky stage of life for next 3 years. Sanjay told both Rajev and Delnaz that there are 2 marriages written for both of them and that he hopes that the two get back and re-marry each other since there is a scope of the two coming together and sorting out their differences.He also forecasted Rajev's chances of winning. He told him that he has very bleak chances of winning but that he has survived for this long and hence should count himself to be a winner. Sanjay also went to predict about Sapna's future he suggested her that she should travel more since her travel to foreign lands will bring her success and do well to her.Last but not the least Sanjay told Imam that his name isn't very powerful and that he should add his father's initials to his name to ensure that luck comes his way.Also that his birth date adds up to 3 who are definitely very powerful but the flip side being that they are extremely dominating as well. He asked Imam not wear much of Red since it brings violence and that he should wear it very occasionally else avoid the colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824028", "title": "We expected Junaid to bowl such a spell: Misbah-ul-Haq", "text": "CHENNAI: Pakistan left-arm seamer Junaid Khan almost turned Sunday's first ODI against India into a no-contest. The 23-year-old exploited the helpful conditions in a fine display of swing and seam to dismantle a strong Indian top-order in a space of just 17 deliveries.Junaid bowled full-length to force the batsmen to play the ball on a pitch that afforded movement, and the famed Indian top-order on its part ended up playing down the wrong line.Junaid reduced the hosts 29/5 to put the tourists on top straight up after winning the toss as he dismissed Virender Sehwag , Virat Kohli , Yuvraj Singh and Rohit Sharma even before spectators at the packed Chidambaram Stadium could settle down.Sehwag failed to get behind the line of the ball, as was the case with Kohli who appeared to be caught in two minds. Yuvraj, meanwhile, played across the line while Sharma edged one to be caught at third slip.\"We were expecting him to do so because Junaid has bowled these kind of spells.\" Pakistan skipper Misbah-ul-Haq said.\"The conditions, moisture in the pitch, He is a seam bowler and we expected that he would bowl well. He met the expectations and bowled the kind of spell we had been hoping for,\" he added.MS Dhoni said the conditions helped the seamers.\"There was plenty for the bowlers in the initial period. It was a bad toss to lose, good thing for them was their bowlers bowled in the right areas and they exploited the conditions well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825316", "title": "2 examinees caught cheating in National Eligibility Test", "text": "KANPUR: The National Eligibility Test (NET) was held on Sunday at various centres in the city.There were seven centres in Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, a centre each at VSSD College in Nawabganj, Jai Narayan Vidya Mandir in Vikas Nagar and Nandlal Khanna Inter College, Ashok Nagar.Two students from VSSD College and one from Kanpur University centre were caught cheating in the examination. They were booked by the invigilators and debarred from further participating in the examination.This year, out of 9,454 students who had registered for NET, 5 per cent did not appear in the examination.The students said that the question papers were objective in nature and tested the knowledge of the aspirant on different subjects.CSMU registrar Syed Waqar Husain said that NET was held in three shifts at different centres in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827502", "title": "Hooper delayed shooting for Les Misrables", "text": "Director Tom Hooper chose to postpond shooting of musical movie \" Les Misrables\" when actor Sacha Baron Cohen's had bad throat.The director chose not to make Cohen mime his lines and wanted him to sing in his own voice for his character of Thenardier.\"After a month I actually lost my voice. And I said to Hooper, and this is actually a testament to him, 'Fine, I'll just mime it. I've got the track of me singing and I'll just mime it.' And he said 'Absolutely not. It has to be sung live',\" dailystar.co.uk quoted Cohen as saying.\"And so they shut down the movie. They shut it down for a week during which time I was forbidden from speaking. I was on voice rest,\" he added.\" Les Misrables \" stars Anne Hathaway and Russell Crowe in lead roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17824859", "title": "16 demoiselle cranes found dead in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: At least 16 demoiselle cranes were found dead in Mansarovar lake near Sayla town of Surendranagar district on Sunday.Close to 40 cranes who were found critically ill near the lake were shifted to forest department's office in Sayla where veterinary doctors are treating them.Experts and locals believe that the cranes were affected after consuming some poisonous substance in the form of grains.The dead cranes were spotted by one villager Chaman Patel, who was passing by the lake. Alpesh Shah, an animal activist, told TOI that Patel noticed the way the cranes were frothing at the mouths and dying gradually. \"The cranes were trying to fly but could not. As soon as they fell to the ground, the birds died,\" he said.The volunteers then informed the forest department who rushed a veterinary doctor to the spot.Villagers said that nearly 2,500 demoiselle cranes flock to this lake every year and it is the first time that they are dying in such large numbers.This is the fourth instance of demoiselle cranes are dying in the last one month. Earlier, these migratory birds were found dead near Victor Dam in Rajula, Kodinar and Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824307", "title": "'Expedite shifting of slumdwellers from airport land'", "text": "MUMBAI: Expressing concern over the delay in the expansion project of Mumbai's international airport, the Bombay high court directed state authorities to expedite rehabilitation of slumdwellers squatting on 276 acres of airport land.\"We are inclined to exercise suo motu our power to direct all concerned, including MMRDA, the collector and the slum rehabilitation authority (SRA) to take all necessary steps for expeditious completion of the project of shifting the slumdwellers from the land of Mumbai International Airport Private Limited (MIAL) to the rehabilitation site,\" said a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Anoop Mohta.The high court said that it had suo motu taken up the issue \"so that on the one hand, the project of expansion of the airport undertaken by MIAL is not delayed on account of lack of co-ordination amongst the agencies and to see that a large number of slumdwellers, about 27,000 families, get decent housing at the earliest\".The high court was hearing an appeal filed by Housing Development and Infrastructure Limited (HDIL), which is in charge of the rehabilitation project, challenging a single judge's order rejecting its plea to stop MIAL from encashing a bank guarantee of Rs 25 crore for breach of conditions. HDIL did not press the appeal, but had complained that despite the fact that 7,000 rehab flats were ready and another 20,000 apartments were nearing completion, the state had not made any efforts to shift the slumdwellers.The Mumbai airport, which in 2011-2012 handled over 30.74 million passengers, is spread over 1,700 acres. GVK Industries was appointed in 2006 to carry out the modernization and expansion of the airport by 2013. Of the total operating area of 963 acres, around 276 acres is encroached by slums. In 2007, HDIL won the bid to carry out the rehabilitation work and in phase I, was supposed to shift and rehabilitate around 28,000 slumdwellers by October 2010. Once it completed the entire rehabilitation project, it was to get around 65.2 acres of airport land, freed from slums. In October 2012, MIAL sought to encash the bank guarantee for breach of various conditions including not evicting any of the 28,000 slumdwellers.When it failed to win any reprieve from the single bench of high court, HDIL filed an appeal. It claimed that the state authorities, which were supposed to identify eligible slumdwellers, had not done it so far. HDIL also told the high court that it had spent around Rs 3,000 crore to construct multi-storey rehabilitation buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825946", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited to train drivers in safe driving", "text": "PUNE: In a bid to reduce accidents involving Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) buses, their drivers will henceforth be trained in safe driving.The PMPML administration has planned a series of short and long term measures to prevent accidents, and has decided to conduct a detailed analysis to know how accidents are caused.PMPML officials said on Thursday that the accident records of all PMPML drivers-both employees and those working on contract basis-will be examined, and all drivers who have been involved in accidents will immediately undergo training in safe driving. The training period ranges from two days to three weeks. Special checkers will examine the driving habits and report them to the bus depot managers.Officials said that PMPML will prepare a record of all serious mishaps by clicking photographs and conducting a video shoot of the damage after the accident has taken place. The photographs and video footage will be shown during the training programmes.Officials said that the accident record of all drivers employed on contract basis will also be prepared. These records will be examined while recruiting them for permanent driver posts.The PMPML will also conduct a continuous awareness drive in all the ten bus depots about safe driving practices. PMPML transport manager has been asked to identify all encroachments near bus stops and report it to the concerned civic departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17827176", "title": "Fiery protest goes awry in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Four Gurgaon students suffered burn injuries on Sunday while trying to burn an effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as part of protests against the death of the 23-year-old gang rape victim.All four students were released from the civil hospital after first aid. According to eyewitnesses, students suffered burn injuries when kerosene being sprayed on the effigy accidently fell on them. \"They had burn injuries on their faces, hands and legs,\" said inspector Rajendra Singh. However, nobody suffered more than 20% injuries.On Sunday, various protest marches were organized in Millennium city. The protesters, including students and industrial workers, gathered at Leisure Valley park near Sahara Mall on the MG Road and demanded justice for the victim.Agitated students also burnt effigies of the Delhi and Haryana chief ministers near Aggarwal Dharamshala in the city, demanding better security for women.\"Women in Gurgaon face several problems, especially while travelling in cabs and autorickshaws. The law and order situation in the city is also poor,\" said a protester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17824968", "title": "Candlelight protests over Delhi gang-rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Protest and peace marches continued across the state on Sunday, mourning the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim.Communist Party of India (CPI) state council observed Sunday as a 'shame and black day' in the state capital. Hundreds of party activists staged a silent march by covering their faces with black masks. The placards displayed by protestors sought death sentence to rapists and trial of rape cases in fast track courts within two months of a crime. They observed an hour-long silence, praying for the departed soul.Voluntary organization Youth for Change Odisha and Maa Ghara Foundation Trust took out a candlelight march from Ram Mandir square to Lower PMG, protesting against the crime. Around 500 youths, students and civil society members took part in the protest rally. \"The objective was to press for good laws to prevent crimes against women and a favourable system to protect their dignity,\" said social activist Rutuparna Mohanty.Satyanagar Ladies Forum also organized a candlelight march, seeking stringent action against the culprits of the Delhi incident. \"We seek exemplary punishment against the perpetrators of the Delhi rape and murder. We pray for the girl's soul,\" said Anuradha Dash, a member of the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17830029", "title": "Teaching kids to cope with wealth is toughest part of having billions", "text": "BANGALORE: \"We all came into unprecedented wealth. Yes, we were at the right place, right time and importantly, in the right country,\" said Rohini Nilekani, echoing the sentiments of her fellow panelists Sudha Murty and Yasmeen Premji.Bangalore's three billionaire IT wives, who have charted their own course as philanthropists and writers and carved out an identity independent of their much heralded husbands, for the first time, shared a formal stage together to share their personal lives beyond the world of IT with the public at large.Moderated by Rohini Nilekani, the panel discussion ranged from a variety of topics including how the ladies spend their billions, has wealth affected their lives and that of their children's, to whether their husbands would take the time off to hear them speak at an event?All the three wives were unanimous in saying that more than them being affected by the billions, they had a tough time teaching their children to understand how to live with so much money.\"My life hasn't changed at all, but, yes, it's difficult for families to adjust to wealth,\" said Yasmeen Premji. Sudha Murty said that the toughest part in dealing with the wealth was to explain to the children how not to get swayed by it.\"The power of money is the power to give,\" is the mantra Sudha Murty has taught her children. Incidentally, that's one of the few Narayana Murthy one-liners which Sudha said she uses after being married to him for over 30 years. Rohini, though, did admit that in the initial years she found it difficult to deal with wealth and it had taken her sometime to get used to it.Beyond teaching their children about wealth, the three women did admit that in a country like India, which needs money, they find it hard to deploy wealth to the right people.\"There are very few NGOs that are credible and do good work,\" pointed out Sudha. All three women who have been individually recognized for their philanthropic activities noted that despite the country having around 3 million registered NGOs, there is a shortage of good NGOs that are passionate about their work.Ending a highly interactive, honest and jovial panel discussion, the ladies did bow to answer the question on whether their husbands would take the time off to hear them speak at an event.\"I've listened to you at home, and now you want me to come there to hear you speak,\" was a quick response from Sudha Murty on her husband's reaction, which was met with roaring laughter from the audience. Rohini Nilekani's equally spontaneous reply was \"I can give you a 3-minute, 30-minute and a 3-hour lecture on UID,\" but she had doubts of Nandan attending the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827410", "title": "ABCD is our answer to the West: Remo D\u00e2\u20ac\u2122Souza", "text": "Choreographer and film director Remo D'Souza gears up for his second venture ABCD (Anybody Can Dance) that is slated for a February 2013 release.With dance as the core theme of the film, Remo has roped in professional dancers to give the film an authentic feel. \"I purely wanted dancers for ABCD and the script required a humble guy like Prabhudeva or else I would have approached Hrithik Roshan or Shahid Kapoor , both of whom are fantastic dancers\", says Remo.Although Ken Ghosh's film Chance Pe Dance had a similar theme and which did not fare too well at the box office, Remo is confident that it's the right time to make a film like ABCD . \"Ken did not go all out for dance with his film. Besides, audiences always want something new and after so many reality shows, they are ready to accept a film like this. They have accepted Vicky Donor and English Vinglish which have seen success at the box office\" says Remo.Adding, \"Although I've been inspired by the Step Up series , ABCD is entirely different. It's our answer to the West that we too have talent in India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17823488", "title": "New machines to monitor Noida's air pollution levels", "text": "NOIDA: For proper monitoring of air pollution levels by analysing samples collected from different locations, the regional office of Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) has brought in two portable monitoring systems.These machines would be made operational from the first week of January.Until now, air quality in Noida has been analysed by collecting samples from the two stationery locations in Sectors 1 and 6.According to UPPCB officials, data collected from different locations by using the portable systems would augment analysis compiled from samples taken from the two stationery systems.The two existing air-monitoring stations did not go a long way in determining overall air quality levels in the city as they are located pretty close to each other, said officials.\"An overall estimate of air quality levels can be determined by collecting samples from different locations and at different times,\" said a UPPCB official.Officials said that the systems would be used to collect air samples for verification of the content of oxides of nitrogen and sulphur oxide.Besides, the samples would also be used to determine the content of respirable suspended particulate matters (RSPM) in air at various locations.UPPCB said that the machines will be used to collect air samples from Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, Phase-II and City Center, apart from industrial sectors.\"Even though all areas of the city would be covered to monitor air quality, the primary focus would be on places from where more complaints are received,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17832382", "title": "Three killed due to overcrowding in Mumbai local train", "text": "MUMBAI: Overcrowding in suburban locals on the Central Railway line due to the mega block claimed three lives this afternoon in three separate incidents, police said.\"Three people were killed as they fell out of over crowded trains on the Central line,\" said a GRP official.While two victims have been identified, the identity of the third one is being ascertained, officials said.According to police, Deepesh Kadam (24) boarded a train for Kalyan but fell down between Ghatkopar and Vikhroli. While Ashok Shelar (34) lost his life after he fell down near Vikhroli station. The third victim fell near the same station.Police said the trio were taken to the nearby government run Rajawadi hospital but were declared dead before admission.Several Central Railway locals were cancelled today owing to the megablock, where in authorities began overhauling of mechanisms on railway lines since yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829923", "title": "Kind children are popular in classrooms: Study", "text": "Do you fret about your child not eating enough at school because he shares his lunch with others? There is no need to worry because your child is possibly topping the popularity charts because of his sharing ways. An experiment performed among 400 children in the nine to 11 age group in Canada showed that children who are kind are happier and popular in their schools.As part of the experiment, the researchers from University of California asked children to perform three acts of kindness per week over a course of four weeks. Another group of children was asked to visit three pleasant places per week. While kind acts could mean the child \"gave someone some of my lunch\" or \"gave my mom a hug when she was stressed by her job\", places visited could include shopping centres or a grandparent's house.At the end of four weeks, both groups of children were found to have an increased sense of well-being from the activities, said the paper that was published in the Public Library of Science (PLOS) journal. But the group that had performed kind acts had gained something extra-they had found easy acceptance among their peers. The authors are excited about their study because they feel they have hit the key to managing troubled teens. \"Increasing peer acceptance is a critical goal related to a variety of important academic and social outcomes, including reduced likelihood of being bullied,\"\"they said. Their recommendation to teachers is to introduce regular pro-social activities into classrooms for pre-teens. In other words, get children to spread the cheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825871", "title": "Party places poised for New Year revellery", "text": "LUCKNOW: As countdown begins for New Year 2013, lounges, bakeries, hotels, restaurants and malls in the city are busy with hectic preparations to make the occasion all the more special for their customers. Some are preparing their list of special dishes while others are decorating their venue to the best of their ability.For New Year eve, a bakery on Ashok Marg is introducing cakes made with imported chocolates. Since the chocolates used in them are expensive, the cake will cost about Rs 900 per kg. \"People are fond of these chocolates, hence, we used them to make or decorate the cakes,\" said Arvinder Singh, owner of the bakery, which is also offering chocolate-burst muffins. Besides, photo print cakes depicting the New Year theme are available too.The bakery will create the ambience of a party. \"We will install psychedelic lights and will play soft music, besides decorating the shop with colourful balloons,\" said Singh.A hotel on Kanpur road is organising a party based on the 'Pirates of Caribbean' theme. \"The staff will don the look of pirates while dead men caves will be created at the hotel's party venue,\" said Vikas Seth, food and beverage manager.For the lavish spread on the banquet table, the hotel has come up with exotic dishes like emu flakes and roast turkey with cranberry sauce. Vegetarians will be served grilled tofu (paneer made of soya bean milk), garlic chilli tofu and wok tofu. For the sweet-toothed, there will be baba-au-rum (made with dark rum), plum paddy and plum cake.A popular restaurant in Hazratganj has a menu prepared specially for New Year's eve, comprising chicken lababdaar and barra and delicious variants of paneer dishes. The restaurant will be decorated with heart-shaped balloons and with red embellishments. \"At midnight, lights will be switched off and we will play the New Year song,\" said restaurant manager A S Joshi.A lounge at Gomtinagar will give the New Year party a touch of horror, with a 'Devil universe' theme as per which, the venue will go pitch dark and look dreaded. \"To make the party venue as dark and evil as possible, it will be decorated with spooky elements. The special lights with skeletons, black spiders, cobwebs, lizards, fake blood and skulls will set the tone for party. Besides, scary noises will reverberate through the party,\" said Ish Chopra, event in-charge of the lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17823633", "title": "Guwahati wants laws amended to protect women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mounting pressure on the Centre and the state government for strengthening the security system for women, political parties and other organizations in Guwahati extended their support on Sunday to protesters across the country following Nirbhaya's death.Activists of the SUCI (Communist), Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), Marwari Yuva Manch and various women's organizations staged protests in different parts of the city since Sunday morning. The activists demanded the Centre take urgent measures to amend the laws of the country to curb atrocities on women.Members of the AAP took out a candlelight procession on the banks of Dighalipukhuri in the heart of the city in the evening. Denizens of the city voluntarily joined the AAP's procession in memory of Nirbhaya.\"All pending rape cases in the courts should be tried in fast-track courts and a special session of Parliament should be called in view of the Delhi gang rape,\" said AAP leader Pranjal Bordoloi.Women and schoolgirls in large numbers thronged the streets with AAP demanding that the Centre bring in new laws to safeguard women.The SUCI (Communist) paid homage to braveheart Nirbhaya and vowed to fight for justice for the women who have been victimised over the years in Assam.\"People of India and the state will have to take their movement forward to bring justice to the thousands of women who are fighting for justice. Many-a-time, the government is lenient with criminals who commit heinous crimes against women,\" said Chandralekha Das, state secretary of the SUCI (Communist).She added that the laws should be strengthened at the earliest so that rapists can't escape harsh punishment.Marwari Yuva Manch volunteers also mourned the death of the Delhi gang rape victim in the business hub of the state, Fancy Bazar; the protest was joined by representatives of traders' bodies.Yashoda Agarwal, president of the Kamakhya 'sakha' of the manch, said that both the government and the society should introspect after the death of Nirbhaya.\"It's not like women are under threat only in Delhi. Women are soft targets for criminals everywhere. We demand stringent laws to punish the culprits who play with the lives of women. The Indian society should also transform to a stage where there is no disparity between the freedom enjoyed by men and women,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825483", "title": "Dermatologist Saoji honoured with lifetime award", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Indian Association of Dermatologists (Maharashtra chapter) has conferred a lifetime achievement award on the first dermatologist of Marathwada , Girish Saoji.He recently received the award, which included a certificate and a memento, from former chief minister Ashok Chavan at Nanded.Saoji started his career in 1974 in the city. He was involved in many social activities and rendered his services to about 8000 patients every year free of cost.Right in the first year of his career, he successfully conducted the association's conference in the city.Considering his social contributions the Maharashtra Association of Dermatologist has honoured him with this award. He also participated in programmes organised to create awareness about HIV Aids, sex education. He also rendered his free services to the victims of Latur earthquake in affected areas.He is also known to be a good sportsperson. He was the captain of Nagpur University Footbal team. He is also known as a badminton player even today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948719", "title": "Baburaj has gone to jail", "text": "Villain-turned-comedian Baburaj hoped to be a cop one day, but ended up being in jail during his college days due to his notorious behaviour!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828312", "title": "Where\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the party tonight?", "text": "From Venetian masquerade parties, laser shows and ramp walks to a Fevicol Night by the beach, Vizagites are all set to ring in 2013 in styleWith the doomsday conspiracy put to rest, Vizagites are gearing up to ring in the New Year with much gusto. With the popular party haunts busy wooing Vizagites, the party animals are spoilt for choice. Here's a peek into some of the most happening events in the city.Dance the night awayBollywood theme nights seem to be the rage this NYE. In fact, a Fevicol night on the beach is what The Park hotel is planning to have. According to hotel sources, Jyotsna Ganjawala, choreographer of the item song Fevicol (Dabangg2), will be in the city to deliver a special performance. An entourage of B-Town artistes, we learn, are coming in for the night. Also, a special musical laser show is on the cards.Meanwhile, Four Point Sheraton is preparing for a Bollywood theme night where Amrita Chatterjee and Nirjar Sharma of Sa Re Ga Ma Pa fame will perform. While this is for those partying with family, a fashion show is being organised at their pub.For those seeking to welcome the New Year in style, a masquerade party is on at Chrome. The entire place is being given a very Venetian look and glitzy masks too are being provided. Also, the city's famous DJ Bobsy of Rosso is all geared up for an evening of non-stop music and there are games for the party people to play and win prizes.Novotel, Vizag, is having not one, but three parties on its premises. A live band and a bevy of Ukranian dancers, we learn, are all set to send the entertainment metre soaring high.Style wiseWith the NYE countdown getting close, Jain Vicky, a boutique owner says, \"This year, cocktail dresses, party gowns and off shoulder t-shirts are what women are buying, while men are going in for waistcoats, blazers, and satin shirts.\"Apart from commercial NYE parties, house parties are also very popular. Vibha Manohar, a BPO employee, says, \"This yearend, I'm having a house party. The theme is black and white. All my friends are excited about it.\" According to Regina, a college-goer, the mini-gown trend is fast catching up and purple, silver, black and pink are the colours of the year for the annual New Year dance.What's on the menuFor Christmas, the emphasis was mostly on the main course and desserts, but for New Years the focus is on a range of wines , cocktails, mocktails and delicious finger food being whipped up by the chefs.leena.sri@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825247", "title": "Kids with cerebral palsy suffer due to lack of govt funding", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: One in every 500 children in India and around seven lakh children in Andhra Pradesh suffer from cerebral palsy or brain paralysis, with the figure much higher in the rural and tribal tracts of the Eastern Ghats, according to C Radhakant, president, Psychiatry Society of Vizag.\"It is estimated that 1 out of every 450 children are born with this disorder,\" says Radhakant. In fact, at the city's only cerebral palsy clinic run by Ramakrishna Mission, around 30 affected children are brought in daily from the city as well as neighbouring districts.Cerebral palsy is a term used for a group of disorders affecting body movement, balance, and posture. This disorder is caused by abnormal development or damage in one or more parts of the brain that control the muscles and motor activity (movement). Cerebral palsy usually happens due to premature birth or due to some injury to the brain of the child when in the mother's womb, as a result of which oxygen supply to the brain is hampered. It is different from mental retardation and autism.According to experts, though not fully curable, the disorder can be managed and patients can be equipped to live a more or less normal life and be independent through proper therapies and learning skills. In children with severe physical deformities, surgeries are also an option.But there is no special infrastructure, institutes or adequate manpower nor government funding for these patients in the state. Doctors point out that given the high number of patients in the state there is a need for a multidimensional approach and an exclusive centre dedicated to taking care of such children, along with a good research and training centre.Focusing on the need for government support and public infrastructure for these special kids, psychiatrist Rekha Dutt said, \"Infrastructure like wheelchairs, special washrooms and buses with ramps and railings should be included for cerebral palsy affected children. Special infrastructure is also needed in hospitals as these children need to visit a series of doctors from different disciplines for holistic treatment.\"A Supriya, a physiotherapist , said that more clinics and schools catering to cerebral palsy children are required in the region besides training schools for parents/care givers and qualified physiotherapists. \"Many children with cerebral palsy can be educated in normal schools and pursue wide range of careers. For such children, facilities under one roof including speech and occupational therapy, skill development, special education , counselling, research and training are required.\"Radhakanth, who also runs a school 'Vivek' for special children, added, \"A psychological approach through behaviour therapy is required to help these children, who usually have normal IQ but suffer from lack of coordination, balancing, muscle rigidity, movement, writing and speech problems. It's necessary to encourage the children patiently and playfully make them learn by doing the work instead of teaching them about it.\"Orthopaedist Kishore pointed out that a pre-surgical assessment by a team of doctors is a must for post-operative protocol. According to Swami Varisthananda, director of RKM Sevashrama Hospital and a doctor, lack of manpower, especially physiotherapists and occupational therapists, was a major challenge in treating these children.\"More awareness is required about the ailment and healthcare should be accessible to urban slums and rural areas. Community-based rehabilitation, education, livelihood and socio-cultural development are also required for these children, who can lead an almost normal life if given proper treatment and attention. Efforts should be made to integrate these children into the mainstream,\" he averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825022", "title": "Two held for creating ruckus, released on bail", "text": "GURGAON: DLF Phase II police on Saturday night arrest two more persons for creating ruckus on MG Road. The accused were produced before the court on Sunday, and was released on bail.After the Delhi gang rape incident, police have so far caught 21 people for creating ruckus on the MG Road stretch.According to police, the two youths had visited a mall, got drunk and then started misbehaving.Things went out of hand when they started to ogle at the women passing by, made snarky comments and started to sing obscene songs.After getting information, a police team, headed by Inspector Jagdish Prashad, SHO DLF II police station, reached the spot and arrested them. An FIR was lodged against duo under Sections 160, 294, 509 of the IPC.A senior police officer said the accused have been identified as Mohit Sharma, a native of Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh and Ashutosh Sharma, a resident of Gurgaon.They were produced before the duty magistrate on Sunday where they were granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17829627", "title": "High CRP levels could mean depression", "text": "MUMBAI: Mental health experts have maintained that depression in the general population is difficult to treat because it often goes undiagnosed. But a new Danish study suggests that a frequently used blood test may just be the easiest way of finding signs of depression in people.C-reactive protein is a common biomarker test to find inflammation in the body. CRP levels of over 10mg/L suggest inflammation somewhere in the body. The CRP test is routinely done after surgery to find infection or to detect chronic diseases of the heart, bone or lymph nodes.But a new study published in the Archives of General Psychiatry says that elevated levels of CRP could also suggest depression or psychological distress. The researchers from Copenhagen University analysed CRP levels of 73,000 men and women in the 20-100 age group. \"\"The main finding of this study consisted of an association of elevated CRP levels with an increased risk for psychological distress and depression in the general population,\"\" the authors said. They also felt that increasing CRP levels were associated with increasing risk for hospitalization with depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824257", "title": "Effective policing tops K K Pathak's agenda", "text": "NAGPUR: Commissioner of police K K Pathak is determined to ensure effective, visible and friendly approach in policing as the year 2013 is all set to ring in. A major part of the plan revolves round ensuring security to women and senior citizens.At least 25 places will be earmarked as per requirement for prevention of crime in consultation with zonal deputy commissioners of police. Vehicles with both, female and male cops, will be deployed at these places. The police department has got 32 new jeeps which will be used at the identified points.\"Jeep deployed at specific localities would not remain stationary so as to increase the visibility of police,\" said Pathak. Presence and mobility of police jeeps would go a long way in preventing street and other crimes at such identified spots, he said. \"300 personnel doing relatively lesser work at police stations would be deployed at fixed points to keep a tab on unwanted elements,\" Pathak said. He sounded keen to conduct random and sudden nakabandis besides carrying out combing operations in slums and at places known for notoriety.Not too happy with the performance of the crime branch, Pathak has plans to infuse young blood. \"We will interview fresh batches of sub-inspectors, including woman officers, and review their performance before inducting them into the crime branch. Saying detection was very important, the top cop hinted at the crime branch playing a more proactive role.For strict policing for safety of women, Pathak said even the past cases would be reviewed to take strict action. Similar stance would be taken in fresh cases as well, he said. \"I am trying to ensure that cases related to women atrocities are dealt with seriously,\" he said. Pathak said he wants to ensure that women police officers are not alone while performing duty and they would be accompanied by others as well. The CP also aims to bring more women personnel in the traffic department.Pathak was concerned over the safety of senior citizens. He wants the cops to ensure better attention towards senior citizens and register them in the already existing special scheme for safety. \"Constables would visit the residences of senior citizens to ensure that they are enrolled in our schemes. Cops would also look into the needs of senior citizens and try helping them out or sorting their issues,\" he said.Pathak said the system of bike-borne patrolling would be revamped to make it more effective. Shorter period and focused patrolling with accountability will be the main theme, he said. \"Charlie commandos will be required to perform and prevent crimes,\" said Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824119", "title": "2012: A roller coaster year", "text": "RANCHI: It was a year of uncertainty with some high-voltage political drama within the ruling alliance, besides, of course, the scrapping of the biennial Rajya Sabha election after recovery of Rs 2.15 crore in cash from the aides of one of the candidates by the income tax department, and the involvement of a legislator in the abduction of a private assistant.Political turmoilMounting pressure on chief minister Arjun Munda by JMM, an important ruling ally, not only kept the government on its toes, compelling it to switch to an appeasing mode, but also stalled development work.Despite the best efforts of the chief minister, who continued to work from the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the hospital bed, after surviving the chopper crash on May 9, the government failed to accelerate the pace of development work in the state. Construction of transmission line, the most important infrastructure project of the state, remained stalled for almost a year. Finally, the chief minister, who is also in-charge of the energy department , brought it directly before the cabinet and got the project cleared.He was under constant pressure after JMM supremo Shibu Soren said there was a deal of 28-month-a-side power-sharing pact with the BJP that would end in January. The JMM even served an ultimatum for transfer of power as the BJP continued to claim that there was no power-sharing deal on December 25.The state suffered a major setback when the Election Commission decided to countermand the biennial Rajya Sabha election after recovery of Rs 2.15 crore from a close aide of Rajya Sabha candidate R K Agarwal on March 30. The amount was recovered from an SUV coming towards Ranchi from Jamshedpur hours before the voting started.Later, the investigation of the case was handed over to the CBI on the directive of Jharkhand High Court. The investigating agency, has so far, conducted raids on the houses and offices of over 20 legislators, including Agarwal and another candidate Pawan Dhoot.Agitations cripple developmentAnti-displacement movements across the state also affected development work. The agitation against the construction of Indian Institute of Management (IIM) and National University for Study and Research in Law on 227 acres of land forced the IIM management to change the location. Now, the IIM is likely to be constructed at Namkum.The other agitation which hit national headlines was led by Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) president and former chief minister Babulal Marandi, against Panem, a coal mining company which supplies coal to three power plants of Punjab State Electricity Board at Pakur. The protest continued for 22 days.He ended his demonstration only after getting assurance from the Panem management that it would fulfill its commitment in return of the land taken from villagers within six months by constructing a Plus II school and a 50-bed hospital.Containing extremist activityThe huge deployment of security forces was effective in containing Maoist activity to a great extent. Except two major incidents in Garhwa and Giridih, the rebel activities were contained through the year. On January 21, 13 security men were killed in a landmine blast by the rebels in Garhwa district. The second major strike by the Maoist was on November 9 in Giridih when they attacked a prison van and killed three policemen. The rebels also managed to free eight of their members.In the last one year, the government tried to bring some positive changes by allotting the work for construction of transmission network in the state to Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. The total cost of the project is around Rs 1600 crore and it will ensure uninterrupted power supply even in remote areas of the state.Launch of welfare schemesMajor welfare programmes like the Mukhyamantri Ladli Laxmi Yojna (MLLY) and Mukhyamantri Dal Bhaat Yojna (MDBY) completed one year. Under the MLLY, which was launched on November 15 last year, more than 30,000 girls have already been enrolled. All the newborn girls registered under the scheme will be entitled for a cash benefit of Rs 1.16 lakh when they pass class XII. Another ambitious programme which was also launched last year and has got huge response is MDBY, which provides lunch at just Rs 5. There are 370 such centres across the state.Connecting livesThe government also cleared around 30 road projects. The important projects included strengthening and widening of national highway 33 (Barhi to Bahragora via Ranchi and Jamshedpur), the lifeline of the state and the Rs 3,000 crore Ranchi-Bokaro Expressway, the first expressway project of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17829661", "title": "2 get life term for kidnapping child", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court relying largely on the testimony of a six-year-old boy who was kidnapped when he was four, had upheld the conviction and sentence of two kidnappers.Aaskumar Gupta, a 22-year-old and Rajesh Prasad his 24-year-old accomplice were convicted by a sessions court in Pune for the charge of kidnapping and sentenced them to life imprisonment. They challenged the guilty verdict before the High Court. And a bench of Justice V K Tahilramani and Justice A R Joshi who finally heard the appeal held that the case had been conclusively proved by the police and through proper evidence in court and that the verdict of the sessions court cannot be interfered with.The, in a nut shell, was that a resident of Pune Shantaram Kumbhar a son aged four and during Diwali in 2002 his world instead of lighting up, darkened when two masons who were employed to complete some work in his house kidnapped his son who was playing nearby outside the house. The son's testimony during the trial two years later proved crucial as he recounted in his own words how the two \"mason uncles'' took him away on a scooter and he was finally reunited with his family when the \"police uncle'' rescued him. He identified the accused in court.The defence lawyer, appointed by the court Rohini Dandekar, argued that the child's testimony cannot be relied on but the HC observed that the sessions judge had tried to ascertain that he understood what was going on. Besides, the child's statements were corroborated with other evidence including the recovery of the scooter on which he was kidnapped. The court thus dismissed their appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824559", "title": "'Protect women' theme takes centrestage", "text": "MUMBAI: Nirbhaya's death and the agony that has left India shaken are likely to cast a shadow on New Year's Eve revelry in the city. 'Protect and respect women guests and employees' will be one of the themes dominating late night bashes to be hosted by hundreds of bars, restaurants, hotels and pubs.Every year, 'No drunk-driving' or 'No smoking' themes take the centrestage ahead of the 31st celebrations, except in 2008 when the message of national security, especially security at hotels, was highlighted after the 26/11 terror attacks. Major hotel and restaurant associations in the city have urged members to flash slogans and banners conveying the message of 'Respect and safety of women' and 'Responsible drinking'.Ahar, an association of over 7,500 hotels, bars and restaurants in the city, has cautioned its member owners about measures to be taken by them to ensure the safety of women on their premises ahead of the celebrations. \"We have advised hotel members to sensitize staff and ensure proper protection to women from inebriated customers. Patrons who are planning to celebrate New Year's Eve by consuming liquor have also been requested to ensure protection to women even after drinking and avail of valet and private services while arriving at premises and going back home,\" said Ahar president Arvind Shetty.\"We have instructed hotel members to practice safe and honourable tourism as well as responsible bartending by forming special teams to stop the serving alcohol after a point to guests and ensure that they (mainly women patrons and lady co-employees) reach home safely with honour and dignity,\" said Kamlesh Barot, immediate past president of FHRAI, an umbrella organization of associations of major hotels in the country.\"Based on the code of ethics developed by the United Nations World Trade Organization (UNWTO), hotels have formed committees of staff members to keep vigil in and around their premises to prevent attacks on women and children. Honour and dignity of women colleagues and guests will always be a priority,\" said Dinesh Advani, president of the Hotel and Restaurant Association (Western India), which has 1,200 four- and five-star hotels in Mumbai region as its members.\"Member hoteliers have been urged to flash banners and slogans making people aware about safety to guests, especially women. The managements and staff have been advised to co-operate with law-enforcement authorities and keep a vigil against miscreants,\" Ahar's secretary Shashikant Shetty told TOI. Barot said a similar message has been sent to hotelier members to flash messages such as 'Safety to women guests' and 'Responsible drinking' on their premises, besides 'No drunk-driving' and other social themes.\"We have trained bartenders to judge for themselves when a guest has to be discouraged from being served another drink,\" said G S Kohli, honorary secretary, HRAWI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "17824967", "title": "Samastipur rape accused sent to jail", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Two married men (aged 25-26) of Basudeopur village under Kalyanpur police station area were arrested on the charge of waylaying a 17-year old girl of their village, raping her and keeping her confined in a room. They were sent to the district jail on Sunday.A police team on Sunday evening produced the two accused, Sunil Kumar and Vijendra Kumar, at the residence of CJM in charge Sanjiv Kumar who forwarded them to jail on the charges of committing rape.Earlier on Saturday, a police team led by Samastipur SDPO Rajesh Kumar arrested both the men from their village after the girl complained to the DSP about the incident which took place on Friday when the girl, a student of a local Inter college, was on her way home from a coaching institute at the district headquarters town of Samastipur.According to the FIR, Sunil and Vijendra allegedly pounced upon her and dragged her to an isolated place near the village on Friday evening. They raped her by turn and confined her to a room.The girl somehow managed to escape from the room on Saturday morning and narrated her plight to her mother. She met Samastipur SDPO on Saturday evening with her mother and complained to him regarding her sexual exploitation by the two accused.Police on Sunday took the girl to the local Sadar hospital for medical examination. Her mother, while talking to TOI at Sadar hospital, corroborated the incident mentioned in the FIR lodged with Kalyanpur police station.The SDPO said on the complaint of the girl, the accused persons had been arrested.He said the police were investigating the case from different angles. It was being ascertained if the girl had any relation with one of the accused.Both the accused were also medically examined at the Sadar hospital, he said. The medical reports were yet to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824272", "title": "Unregistered coaching institutes for Teachers' Eligibility Test still making money in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Private institutes coaching aspirants of Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) 2013 have started minting money. New centres have also joined the race as more students in Jharkhand opt for teaching jobs in the wake of the state government's proposal to make changes in TET regulations.Amar Chhaterjee, a teacher at one of these coaching centres, said, \"Every competitive examination needs different type of training. One can not attend a coaching class for banking examination and clear TET, which is why coaching classes for TET have started in the city.\"Even students feel that group discussions at coaching centres help them. Pranay Kumar, a TET aspirant, said, \"I cannot concentrate on my study at home. So I joined a coaching class. In case of any doubt, I can readily ask for help.\"But the story has a flip side. With rising number of TET aspirants and equal number of coaching centres, students often get confused with what choice to make. And in the process they land up being duped by an unregistered institute.Chairperson of Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh Shameem Ali, who is also a TET aspirant, said, \"There are more than 200 coaching institutes in the city and most of them are neither registered nor have good faculty. Due to these coaching centers, students have stopped studying in colleges and are relying on the coaching classes. The problem is that even poor students enroll with coaching classes because their friends are doing so and in many cases they end up losing money as they do not check the background of those centres.\"NET exams at 7 centres in cityThousands of students from different parts of the state wrote National Eligibility Tests (NET) at various centres in Jharkhand on Sunday. A total of 13,996 students from across the state wrote the examination at seven centres in Ranchi. The examinations were conducted in two shifts.tnnThe students' body had earlier sought help several times from the deputy commissioner but no action was taken.Deputy commissioner Vinay Choubey said there was no set regulation for such coaching institutes. \"All we can do is issue advisory to students asking them to do some groundwork before enrolling,\" he said.A delegation of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sangh (ABVP) met the education minister of state, Baidyanath Ram, regarding implementation of the Coaching Act in July but no step has been taken yet.Secretary of ABVP Gaurav Ojha said, \"Bihar has its Coaching Act, 2010, under which coaching institutes have to be registered with the government and should provide students with a clear picture of fees, course and educational qualifications of the teachers at the institute. Under the act, the coaching institutes also have to provide proper infrastructure, classrooms, first aid and toilet facilities to the students. We demanded a same kind of Act for our state.\"\"The minister promised that he will immediately take up the matter but six months have passed and nothing has been done,\" said Ojha.However, Ram said that the state government would soon take appropriate measures and work towards implementing the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17826467", "title": "Animal-attack spots to be identified", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As man-animal conflicts occur on a more or less regular basis at areas bordering forests across the state, Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) plans to identify locations that are vulnerable to attacks of wild animals.The special research group of the institute will study the types of animals which are straying into human habitations, the nature of attacks, the human loss, cattle loss and crop loss in attacks, the specifications of the locations, the elements that are attracting animals into the particular areas, including the availability of water and the nature of crops in the region. The study would be conducted with the help of the official records and field study on the incidents of man-animal conflicts occurred across the state during the last ten years.The study will help to identify the issues of each region and to plan the preventive measures exclusively for each location. Dr E A James, scientist, Wild Life Department, KFRI, who is heading the study team said that the majority of the issues were local ones and they could not deal all the issues on the basis of same parameteres.The team will collect details of each incident from public and also from the officials. \"We need location oriented data. The issues in Wayanad are different from the issues in Idukki or Thrissur. We have to identify the real reason behind each issue,\" he said.In the beginning, the research group will collect the details of the incidents of straying of wild animals into the human habitation included in the records of forest department for the last ten years and also collect information directly from public of each panchayat in these districts.The research group has already started the study in Thrissur, Palakkad and Malappuram districts. In Thrissur, the team has found that 32 incidents of attacks of wild elephants have been reported in the district during last three years. Wild boars also pose a major threat to the farm lands in the district. The research group has also looking at effective methods to prevent animals straying into human habitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828958", "title": "People laughed at me for having affair with Rupert: K-Stew", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that she felt as if everyone took the mickey out of her following her affair with the 'Snow White And The Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders.The ' Twilight Saga ' star said that she felt as if she was in the 6th grade and everyone in the room was laughing at her, the Sun reported.The ' Twilight Saga ' star made headlines this summer, when she was caught cheating on Robert Pattinson with married director of Snow White And The Huntsman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824860", "title": "Netra cameras to keep a close watch over New Year's Eve hotspots", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police plan to use unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) surveillance cameras for New Year's Eve celebrations on Monday. The Netra cameras will hover over vulnerable and crowded spots that the police have earmarked. A police official said the cameras, which will be monitored from laptops, will help track down revellers who sexually harass women.The police are also keeping an eye on adventure sport organizers following a central Intelligence Bureau (IB) alert of a terror attack through the aerial route, probably with the help of a parachute.Netra was earlier used during the Ganesh immersions in October and during Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray's rally in September at Azad Maidan after the riots. \"The UAV was used to observe crowds. It showed areas that suddenly became crowded and required more deployment. It spotted roads where vehicles were wrongly parked, enabling police to take corrective measures. The device will be helpful in terror surveillance too,\" said a police official.A senior special branch officer confirmed to TOI, \"Apart from taking the help of closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras installed at shops, residential complexes and other institutions, the police commissionerate has instructed us to use Netra.\"The officer added, \"There was an IB alert recently that terror outfits will probably use the aerial route to attack places that are heavily crowded on the night of December 31. We are keeping an eye on organizers of adventure sports from the western suburbs from who many people hire parachutes that can take off from the ground level and are fitted with GPS systems.\"Sources said that according to intelligence inputs, two to three terrorists have infiltrated into the city and are likely to strike tourist hotspots like the Gateway of India, Marine Drive, major railway stations, Girgaum and Juhu-Chowpatty, the two airports and shopping malls.\"The inputs said the terrorists may target the city to avenge the hanging of 26/11 Pakistani terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Kasab last month,\" said the officer.Officials are not taking the IB alert lightly and security has been beefed up in the city. Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh has instructed additional commissioners and deputy commissioners to carry out the bandobast and nakabandis. \"We have imposed a security cover all over the city in the wake of the Delhi rape incident, but following the terror alert we have enhanced security in coordination with the Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guard,\" said another officer. There were 169 terror alerts in 2012, against last year's 350 and 447 in 2010.The leave of police personnel has been cancelled too. The police are also taking the help of home guards. Several platoons of the State Reserve Police Force, Rapid Action Force, special operation squads and riot control unit have been deployed and many have been kept as backup at the five regional control rooms.Western Rly plans eight extra trains tonightWestern Railway will run eight special local trains on December 31. The first will leave from Churchgate at 1.30pm and arrive at Virar at 3.02pm. The other three from Churchgate will leave at 2.10am, 2.50am and 3.20am. Similarly, the services from Virar will leave at 12.30am, 1am, 1.40am and 2.55am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830844", "title": "MJ gets 15k pounds rug refund", "text": "Staffs at a posh shop were left stunned when they were asked for a refund on a rug Michael Jackson bought three years ago.The star's entourage took the 15,000-pound carpet that was still neatly rolled and unused at the West London store for refund.They said Jacko had personally picked out the lavish 12ft by 9ft silk and wool floor covering after spotting it on the shop website in 2009, the Sun reported.The singer wanted to place it in his dressing room at the O2 Arena for his final concert dates, but died before he ever had a chance to use it.Staffs at The Rug Company in exclusive Holland Park were left stunned when aides returned with it asking if they could have their money back.Despite the long time gap staff did give back the money.A Rug Company insider said that they paid a full refund as it was unused and in immaculate condition.The firm, which also supplies Madonna with rugs for her tours, has since put the rug back on sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17823730", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Rawal century puts Delhi in driver's seat", "text": "NAGPUR: It's always good to carry on when you are in good form. Vaibhav Rawal is doing exactly that at the moment.The left-hander scored three successive hundreds for Delhi Under-25 in the Col CK Nayudu Trophy and forced his way to the Ranji side.He justified his inclusion with a century on debut against Tamil Nadu and played two crucial knocks against Maharashtra to give Delhi another lifeline on Sunday.On a pleasant Sunday morning, the 21-year-old batted magnificently for his 104 (226b, 15x4) that helped Delhi declare on a huge 523-9 in their first innings.They got the prized scalp of Shiv Sunder Das, who got a great first delivery from Pradeep Sangwan. Faiz Fazal and Amol Ubarhande then confidently batted out the remaining overs as Vidarbha ended Day 2 at 20-1.Vidarbha had largely kept thing under control for most part of the first day. The hosts started off Day 2 quite well. Sandeep Singh didn't take long to send nightwatchman Vikas Tokas back.Another prolific Delhi batsman, Rajat Bhatia (68; 136b, 7x4, 1x6), then joined Rawal in the middle and the two batted sensibly in the morning session.They saw the shine off the new ball in the first hour and then attacked off spinner Akshay Wakhare. Delhi might not have run away with the game in the first session but they were steady in their approach.The impressive thing about Rawal was his application. He didn't look in any hurry, waited for loose deliveries and when he got them, he cashed in on every opportunity.Rawal added 152 for the sixth wicket with Bhatia, virtually ending Vidarbha's chances of coming back in the game. Bhatia too missed out the opportunity to score a well-deserved hundred.He offered a simple return catch to Wakhare at the stroke of tea. Soon, a mix-up with Punit Bisht ended Rawal's superb innings. That looked like the only way he could have been out.Vidarbha had a chance to wrap up Delhi innings under 500 hundred but Sumit Narwal and Sangwan used the long handle with great effect to add 68 for the ninth wicket.With skipper Sairaj Bahutule reportedly ill, Vidarbha were a bowler short and paid the price, although pacers Sandeep Singh, Shreekant Wagh and Amol Jungade bowled their hearts out on a flat deck.Vidarbha now need to bat for the next two days and hope Uttar Pradesh beat Odisha in Cuttack and Maharashtra don't concede an outright victory to Karnataka. If that happens, Vidarbha and Delhi will be out of knockout contention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828920", "title": "Happy to be with Rohit on New Year: Aashka", "text": "Tellyland's famous actress Aashka Goradia has been evicted from the Bigg Boss house this weekend. This Amdavadi actress, whose last small screen outing saw her in the daily soap 'Shubh Vivaah', kept mentioning how much she missed her boyfriend - actor Rohit Bakshi in the house.Now that Aashka is out, she is happy to be with her actor boyfriend Rohit Bakshi. \"I am happy that I will be celebrating New Year with him. But more than that, I look forward to seeing the promotions of his upcoming movie.\"Rohit Bakshi, who joins the list of small screen actors debuting on the big screen this year, is making his debut in the movie Dehraadun Diary opposite actress Ragini Nandwani. While the promotions of the movie are on, Aashka is all set to join her boyfriend and stand by him for the same.Aashka, who also started a beverage outlet with Rohit this year, says, \"The venture is going well. It is a 5 months old baby and it is good to see it grow well. Now that we have teamed up with Bisleri we are looking forward to doing even better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17824164", "title": "Controversy over shack policy rocked beach tourist destinations", "text": "PANAJI: This tourism season too allotment of shacks did not happen smoothly and disgruntled voices of the shack owners could be heard even now, the midseason.While during past two years it was more of a tussle between the traditional shacks owners and newcomers over allotment of shacks - this season saw shack operators clashing with the government over beach shack policy.Not only was there delay in allotment of shacks but also the shack policy 2012-13 was released late.The government was on record saying shack operators will be taken into confidence before the new policy would be out. The shack operators association claims that its members were deeply shocked when the shack policy was released in September.Cruz Cardozo, president of shack owners welfare society (SOWS), said they were not consulted before the policy was formulated.What came as a rude shock to shack operators was the hike in license fee, sizeable increase in security deposit and reduction in number of shacks. Moreover, reducing the number of deck beds per shack is what hurt them the most.A new addition to the shack policy, making installation of CCTVs rattled shack operators.Even before the ink on the policy could dry up they were up in arms against the government demanding a roll back.Though the government gave in to some of their demands it is yet to increase the number of deck beds a shack operator could put out in front of his shack.The government dropped the fees from 50,000 to 40,000 for category A shacks and category B from 30,000 to 25,000. The substantial increase in security deposit from 50,000 was also scaled down to 10,000.It further granted four more shacks on Candolim beach stretch even as it had earlier reduced the number of shacks in North Goa for environmental reasons. The Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority (GCZMA) had recommended less shacks for the North.It kept aside its plan about CCTV cameras after BJP's Calangute MLA Michael Lobo lobbied hard.The government was also under pressure thanks to a petition before High Court that brought out alleged illegalities by shack operators, saying they put more deck beds than what's permitted to them. They block access to the beach for general public.Currently, they are permitted to put only five deck beds as against 15 pairs permitted during previous seasons.Lobo said they are still pursuing the issue with the government to allow more deck beds per shack allotee.\"The chief minister has considered our demand for more deck beds, I presume it will be taken up in the next cabinet meeting ,\" said Lobo.Cardozo said they are scheduled to meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar to impress upon him to at least allow ten deck beds per shack. \"We will take up the deck bed issue with chief minister on Monday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830436", "title": "Online shopping in 2013: What users can expect", "text": "NEW DELHI: People turned to the internet to buy everything from diapers to books, houses and even groceries this year, pushing e-commerce revenues in the country to $14 billion with the possibility of even higher earnings in 2013.Factors like spiralling inflation and slower economic growth failed to dampen the online shopping frenzy as more and more companies opted for selling wares through the internet route, offering innumerable options and discounts to buyers.\"Increasing internet penetration and availability of more payment options boosted the e-commerce industry in 2012. Besides electronics, customer traction grew considerably in categories like fashion and jewellery, home and kitchen and lifestyle accessories like watches and perfumes,\" Snapdeal Vice President (Marketing) Sandeep Komaravelly said.While travel still comprises a significant portion of the e-commerce market, other segments are catching up fast.\"Apparel, books and lifestyle categories (beauty, footwear and health) will drive e-commerce,\" HomeShop18.com Founder and CEO Sundeep Malhotra said, adding that relatively stable and growing domestic economy will also be major growth drivers. \"The coming year looks promising for the industry.\"According to Peppercloset.com owner Sumeet Arora, e-commerce segment has doubled to $14 billon this year from $6.3 billion in 2011. This figure is likely to reach 38 million by 2015.So, what can one expect in 2013 from the thousands of e-commerce websites.\"More personalised offers, loyalty programmes and better customer care is what most e-commerce companies would focus on to offer customers a richer, more relevant online experience,\" an industry analyst said.According to HomeShop18.com, an innovation that will \"revolutionise\" e-commerce in India is cost optimisation through warehouse and logistics management that will enable companies to do profitable business.While players like eBay and Indiatimes Shopping have been around for a while, one saw many more portals mushrooming in 2012. An important entry in the Indian market was that of one of the world's largest online retailer -- Amazon.com. The website launched the desi version as 'Junglee.com'.India also got its own version of 'Cyber Monday' on December 12 this year as 'e-tailers' like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Homeshop18 and Makemytrip, partnered Google India to offer discounts for online shoppers.Celebrated on the Monday after Thanksgiving , the term 'Cyber Monday' was first coined in 2005 as a marketing term and has grown as a phenomenon over the years in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825211", "title": "GMR fallout? Visa now must for Maldivian medical tourists", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has tightened visas for Maldives in what is being seen as retaliation for the GMR fiasco in that country. New Delhi has stopped Maldivians from using their visa-free travel facilities to India for other activities like medical treatment, restricting it only to tourism.India revised its earlier \"liberal\" interpretation of the 1979 bilateral visa agreement with Maldives this month which allowed thousands of Maldivians to use a 90-day visa-on-arrival facility \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meant only for tourism \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to travel for treatment in Indian hospitals. The Indian government indulged in Maldivians' liberal use of the facility. But that will no longer be allowed, said sources. Now, Maldivians will need valid medical visas for treatment in Indian hospitals or face deportation, New Delhi has warned.Foreign minister Salman Khurshid suggested that a lack of reciprocity by Male had forced India to cut down on its largesse in doling out visas. \"We know that people from the Maldives come here for treatment but as far as visas are concerned, we will go strictly by the rules,\" said Khurshid. While India allowed Maldivians to seek treatment on tourist visas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as it never questioned the purpose of their visit \u00e2\u20ac\u201dauthorities in Male have admitted that there always was a \"mutual understanding\" that such travelers required medical visa.Indications are that Maldives is already facing the heat. Calling for its nationals not to depend on any one country for treatment, Male has now approached Sri Lanka saying it wants to extend its healthcare scheme to some of the hospitals in Colombo. Now, Maldivians are queuing up outside the Indian High Commission to seek medical visas which are limited in number. The Maldivian home minister said they would approach Thailand for help in medical treatment for its citizens.According to the Indian government, Maldives' interpretation of the visa agreement was always different and that until now it was more difficult for Indians to get into Maldives than the other way round. The fact that India workers' passports are confiscated by their employers is something India has repeatedly taken up with authorities in Male but to no avail.According to India, Maldives detains and deports about 50 Indian nationals every year. Maldivian home minister Mohammed Jameel Ahmed denied the charge, saying that only four have been deported this year. But the Indian High Commission contradicted him on Saturday. \"Regarding the deportation of Indian travelers from Male International Airport, the High Commission of India stands by its figures,\" said the High Commission in a statement. Unlike Maldives, India has also been giving tourist visas free of cost. After tightening visa regulations, India has put forward a list of demands to Maldives in which it has also sought quick release of 14 Indians detained in the Indian Ocean nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828763", "title": "Priyamani-starrer Angulika launched", "text": "Priyamani's new film Aangulika was formally launched at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad. The actress will be essaying the title role in the film, which is tipped to be another women centric film after Charulatha. Prem Aryan is making his directorial debut and Deepak, who enacted as Anushka's fiance in Arundhati, is playing the male lead.The thriller film, which is based on Sun God is jointly produced by Koti &amp; C H Rambabu. The regular shooting of the film will commence from January first week and will hit the screens in summer. Shyam is providing the soundtrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17824874", "title": "CPI: Withdraw cases against 8 party men", "text": "RAIPUR: Communist Party of India (CPI) has urged the Raman Singh government in Chhattisgarh to withdraw 'false cases' slapped against eight of its party workers, including elected representatives in tribal Bastar region and to unconditionally release them jails.\"CPI general secretary S Sudhar Reddy has been writing letters to chief minister Raman Singh but the BJP government did not even respond to them,\" CPI Member of Parliament Prabodh Panda told reporters here.He said the government has initiated a process to withdraw the political cases against the BJP and Congress party cadres pending in trial courts, but the government was silent on cases slapped against the CPI cadres in Bastar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824607", "title": "Virus in the air, but doctors cannot treat this infection", "text": "CHENNAI: It is the season of fever and rashes, and children are the worst-affected, say doctors in the city. Parents are queuing up before the doctor's clinic to rule out that their children who have fever, sore throat and rashes, do not have more serious ailments such as dengue or chicken pox.Pediatricians have been having a tough time convincing parents that this is a self-limiting viral disease called the hand, foot and mouth disease (HFMD).Doctors have been seeing viral infection, which requires no treatment, for the past two years in the city.\"Many people are not aware of this disease because it was not there in Chennai until some years ago,\" said pediatrician Dr Deepa Hariharan.\"My daughter had no fever when I first noticed rashes on her palm and lips. I feared chicken pox,\" said Maya S, mother of 11-year-old Aradhana Subramani residing in Kilpauk. \"Doctor diagnosed it as HFMD. She was fine within a week,\" said Maya.The viral infection is caused by the virus found in the gut. Its symptoms include oral lesions and rashes or blisters on palms and soles.\"In chicken pox rashes are seen in the trunk and abdomen first. It the spreads to the hands and legs,\" she said.Children, mostly in the age group 3-11, may have loss of appetite and diarrhoea. The only treatment doctors advice is healthy diet with lots of soups and juices.There is no count on the number of children infected, but health department officials say they have been receiving complaints about the new virus. \"It is not serious or life threatening. But we are planning to do studies to understand more about the virus,\" said King Institute of Preventive Medicine director Dr P Gunasekaran. \"The problem with this infection is that since it is harmless, people may not even come forward for tests. Sometimes, doctors do not even tell children to skip school if they do not have fever,\" he said.HFMD is caused by viruses of the picornaviridae family. Though the virus is from the same family that causes foot and mouth disease in animals like sheep and cattle, it is a different disease in humans. It is uncommon in adults.It spreads when a person comes in contact with mucus, saliva, or faeces of an infected person. The usual incubation period is three to seven days.In rare cases, it may require hospitalisation. In very rare cases, it can be fatal as patients can develop neurological complications like encephalitis, meningitis or paralysis, inflammations of lungs or hemorrhage.But most doctors in Chennai said they have not yet admitted cases. Doctors mostly prescribe paracetamol, creams or pills to ease pain and advice lukewarm baths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830804", "title": "Kristen Stewart a big fan of strip clubs?", "text": "Kristen Stewart was spotted wearing a sweater advertising a strip club while arriving at LAX airport on Saturday.Kristen, who was heading to London to spend New Year's Eve with R-Patz, apparently gave some free publicity to Mary's Strip Club in Portland, Oregon - the place where she made many happy memories filming most of the 'Twilight' movies.The club's logo was emblazoned on the back of the open hoodie, along with a printed outline of a topless lady.Apparently it boasts the \"finest\" topless girls in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17825068", "title": "Lookout notice issued against Himachal Pradesh Congress MLA", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh police has issued a lookout notice against newly-elected Congress MLA Ram Kumar Chaudhary wanted in the murder of a dalit girl and on the run for over a month.The lookout notice was issued by Himachal DGP ID Bhandari, who has directed the SPs of all the districts to arrest Chaudhary at the earliest.Jyoti, 24, from Hoshiarpur district of Punjab, was found dead by the roadside in Panchkula town of Haryana on November 22. She had suffered head injuries and a postmortem report found that she had an abortion.Chaudhary is the general secretary of the Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee and the son of a four-time Congress MLA, Lajja Ram. He recently won elections of the HP state assembly as Congress candidate from Doon constituency in Baddi district adjoining Haryana.A day after getting an arrest warrant , a team of Haryana police had come to Shimla on December 22 hoping to arrest the MLA who was scheduled to attend the Congress Legislature Party meeting but Chaudhary had stayed away. Fearing arrest he stayed away from the oath taking ceremony in Shimla on December 25. A court has dismissed Chaudhary's anticipatory bail application and he has now moved the Punjab and Haryana high court.Himachal Pradesh police on Sunday conducted raids at Chaudhary's residence and questioned his family members. \"We are not waiting for him to surrender and will arrest Chaudhary soon,\" said SP Arul Kumar.As Chaudhary has become first MLA of new Congress government to face serious charges, many within Congress want him to surrender to avoid further embarrassment to party and government. Many of the ministers have already said that if he is innocent then he should help the investigations instead of running away from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823813", "title": "Don't take my daughter away from me, let her remain with me: Nirbhaya's mother", "text": "NEW DELHI: After nearly two weeks of watching their daughter fight a losing battle for her life, family members of the gang-rape victim had less than four hours to attend to VVIPs and arrange for her final rites.They arrived at IGI Airport with her body at 3.30 am and by 7.30 am the last rites were completed.Half-an-hour was spent meeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi at the airport and another 30 minutes to rush the body home in a cavalcade of police vans.Between 4.30 am and 6.30 am, the parents met their relatives at home and made arrangements for the last rites. The funeral procession of the braveheart was restricted to a distance as long as only five houses.The mother of the 23-year-old woman fainted several times after the body was brought to their family home. \"Meri bachchi ko mere paas rehne do, usey mujhse door mat karo (don't take my daughter away from me, let her remain with me),\" cried out the distraught mother as the body of her young daughter was being taken to the crematorium.The family was asked to rush to the crematorium in an ambulance after that and the relatives and neighbours were packed into two mini vans.At 6.45 am, when the body reached the crematorium, it was dark. The pyre was prepared in torchlight and with the help of searchlights carried by the policemen.The Congress MP from the area, Mahabal Mishra, and his supporters could be seen 'helping' the parents in arranging things for the last rites like the wood and even calling in the mourners, which included union minister of state for home affairs R P N Singh and chief minister Sheila Dikshit among others.The funeral pyre was lit at 7.30 am by the victim's father. \"I have lost everything I had. My daughter..,\" the bereaved father cried. The victim's younger brother was inconsolable.State BJP president Vijender Gupta, Matiala councillor Rajesh Gehlot and BJP leader Jagdish Mukhi also paid a brief visit to the bereaved parents.The crematorium was guarded by over 500 policemen, including BSF jawans. Almost all senior police officers from the area, including DCP, South, Chhaya Sharma, Joint CP, South-West, Vivek Gogia, and DCP airport J S Deswal, were present at the venue while the last rites were being performed.\"We did know that the deceased was the one we were hearing about on news channels. Her family had told everyone that she met with an accident. But now everyone knows thanks to heavy police deployment in the area and the visits by VVIPs. Last night, some policemen had come to the locality to put up barricades around 8 am and they also told us not to allow any mediaperson into the home for shooting videos,\" said a neighbour.The police officers, who did not want to be named, justified the deployment, saying they did not want to take any chances as there were fears of some mischief-makers trying to incite violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830511", "title": "Winslet, Rocknroll settle in Sussex", "text": "Actress Kate Winslet and husband Ned Rocknroll have reportedly bought their first home post marriage, in Sussex.The couple, who tied the knot in a secret wedding in New York before Christmas, have opted to live in a quiet environment, reports dailymail.co.uk.They informed their family about the nuptials via Skype.This is Winslet's third marriage after failed weddings with director Jim Threapleton and Sam Mendes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825859", "title": "Intense cold wave grips Lucknow, mercury drops to 0.7\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "LUCKNOW: The minimum temperature in Lucknow dropped to freezing level of 0.7 degree Celsius on Sunday, the second lowest since 1952. The state capital was also the coldest place in the state and second coldest in the plains of the country after Sriganganagar in Rajasthan, where mercury dipped to 0.6 degree Celsius. Cold wave conditions were reported from across UP, claiming seven more lives, taking the toll to 69 this winter.However, a brief spell of sunshine made maximum temperature touch 17.5 degrees Celsius. While minimum temperature was seven degrees below normal, maximum temperature was five degrees below normal. The weatherman said that no significant change in the weather conditions is expected during next 24 hours. Fog would occur during night and morning, and minimum temperature is likely to hover around 3.0 degrees Celsius.Initially, there was some confusion over the lowest minimum temperature. The state Met department has records since 1952. The records made available earlier showed lowest minimum temperature 0.6 degrees Celsius on January 1, 1955. However, on Sunday, the department said that 0.5 degree Celsius minimum temperature was recorded on December 30, 1973. In both the cases, Sunday was the second coldest day.State Met director JP Gupta said that perhaps record keepers missed the December 30, 1973, minimum temperature, while drafting the chart of extreme weather conditions recorded in the city. He, however, said that in coming days minimum temperature will continue to be low, but maximum temperature would fluctuate depending on the density of the fog cover. The foggy conditions will depend on wind pattern and speed, he added.People, however were curious as to why they did not feel colder on Sunday in comparison to the last week, when minimum temperature was between 2 and 4 degrees Celsius. The reason: Strong dry icy winds coming from the snow-fed areas and the thick fog cover. The chill factor was more, as the speed of the wind was high as compared to Sunday. And, dense blanket of fog restricted sunrays, thereby keeping day temperatures extremely low.After Lucknow, the coldest place in UP was Rae Bareli with minimum temperature of 1.8 degrees Celsius. While minimum temperature in Lakhimpur Kheri was 2.0 degrees Celsius, Kanpur recorded 2.2 degrees Celsius, Ghazipur - 2.3 degrees Celsius and Sultanpur - 2.4 degrees Celsius. Varanasi and Allahabad recorded a low of 3.8 degrees Celsius and 5.2 degrees Celsius respectively. Gorakhpur recorded lowest maximum temperature - 12.6 degrees Celsius.On Sunday, rail, road and air traffic was hit for the eighth consecutive day due to foggy conditions in the night and morning. According to police, two persons died due to cold in Barabanki, one each in Gonda, Deoria, Ballia, Banda, and Hamirpur. The Met department predicted occurrence of frost over some parts of the state. Dense fog with visibility less than 200 metres would occur at one or two places in east UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824612", "title": "Doctors' questions HC's direction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 1,850 doctors have approached Gujarat high court questioning its order prohibiting doctors from conducting sonography on pregnant lady who does not have Mamta Card. They have claimed that the order violates their Hippocratic Oath and a person's right to privacy.These doctors through State Organization of Obstetrics and Gynecological Society have sought permission to appeal against a 2010 order passed by Justice K S Jhaveri.The HC issued directions to curb misuse of technology in sex determination through sonography. In this order, the HC said, \"No doctor shall conduct any diagnostic sonography on any pregnant lady unless and until such pregnant lady has a duly registered 'Mamta Card' issued in her name by the state government.\"More than two years later, the doctors are now posing a question how can they refuse treatment and advice to patients when they come to clinics? They have contended that if they follow HC directions, it is a clear violation of Hippocratic Oath taken by a physician.Justice Jhaveri also directed doctors that after conducting diagnostic sonography on pregnant woman who has duly registered Mamta Card, they immediately have to inform the authority concerned about the test as it is required under PNDT Act. The doctors claim that insisting that the women should have the card and then supplying the information to authorities would violate women's right to privacy.They have submitted that if a woman is not desirous to disclose her pregnancy before the authority, she has the right to privacy.Thus, making the registration mandatory itself is a violation of the right to privacy. Besides, the doctors have also raised objection to the court issuing such directions that are not contemplated under judicial pronouncements. They have contended that only the Supreme Court has powers to do so and no high court is vested with this power.The issue came before the court after authorities sealed some sonography machines alleging that certain doctors were involved in practice of disclosing sex of fetus.The court issued important directions expressing its concerns. \"Though our country is surging ahead to become an economic superpower, it still has to witness the sinister face of the demon known as female foeticide. The statistics of deaths caused due to female foeticide is very alarming.\"The doctors' appeal will be heard by a division bench after the winter vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824556", "title": "College men take the plunge to fight sexism", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid public outcry over violence against women, a popular line doing the rounds on social networking sites is 'Don't tell your daughters not to step out at night; instead, teach your sons better'. Recognizing the need to be part of the solution rather than the problem, the voluntary organization Men Against Violence and Abuse (Mava) has initiated a quiet movement in colleges in Mumbai and Pune, where young male students are made to question notions of masculinity and challenge gender stereotypes.The project uses low-cost tools from film screenings to informal chats in NSS camps, workshops and creative art sessions to encourage young men to view women as friends and equals, not subordinates or sex objects. For many, like Viplav Gaikwad (18) from Ruia College, this brush with gender sensitization has instilled a sense of maturity. \"Earlier, I would thoughtlessly crack jokes on women. Now I tend to be respectful and think out my words before uttering them,\" says the first-year BMM student.The platform encourages men to discuss what are traditionally considered women's issues: domestic violence, sexual harassment and female foeticide. \"Changing the male mindset is key to stopping violence against women. We will need many more focused long-term initiatives for different groups,\" says Mava's founder Harish Sadani. \"We need such programmes for policemen, education heads and even parliamentarians.\"The initiative started six years ago with the launch of Yuva Maitri (friendship among youngsters) in Pune colleges to sensitize first-year degree college students. It was re-christened Yuva Samvad (dialogue with youth) as it wove its way into Mumbai, driving a slow transformation in the corridors of Ruia, Ruparel, Kirti, Dr T K Tope (night) and Siddharth colleges.It helped some like Vivek Kumbhar (22), an ex-student of Ruparel College, to tip the gender imbalance within the four walls of his home. After sitting through an interaction where gender issues were carefully dissected and role-played, Vivek realized what an unequal burden his mother bore at home. \"She always wanted to study further, but was never actively encouraged. I stepped forward and helped share the housework, which gave her time to pursue a balwadi course,\" he says proudly. Over 100 committed men now play mentor, taking an active stand opposing violence against women at home and in the community.The Mava initiative, which has been recognized by the nonprofit Ashoka Changemakers for its contribution to changing mindsets, will organize an inter-college competition next month to create awareness about gender harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831512", "title": "How to prevent your hands from ageing", "text": "No matter how many beauty products you apply to your face to look youthful, if you ignore your hands, they will give out your real age \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as taking care of your hands is as important as taking care of face.The following simple products will help you take care of the skin of your hands.Sunscreen: Most of us use sunscreen only on our faces or arms, if they are exposed. Your hands are just as susceptible to sun damage. In fact, studies have shown that most wrinkles and discolourations on our skin are a result of the harmful rays of the sun. Next time you apply, sunscreen to your face, dab some on your hands and don't forget to reapply.Antioxidants: Apply any of your facial antioxidant cream or serum on your hands to protect your skin from the harmful effects of the environment.Moisturise: Use a hand lotion regularly to keep your hands moisturised. In fact, you can use a lotion enriched with alpha hydroxyl acids, oils and vitamins.Protect your hands: It's not just application of creams that will help keep your hands looking young. You need to also protect them while you are doing household chores like dishwashing, gardening, scrubbing etc. Wear gloves while doing work, so that you don't just protect the skin on your hands but also don't harm your finger nails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825582", "title": "Rescheduled trains depart late from Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trains which were rescheduled for Sunday including 12003 Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi, departed late from Lucknow by almost two hours, 12419 Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express (late by more than five hours) and 14258 New Delhi-Varanasi Kashi Vishwanath Express (delayed by more than six hours). Trains 12225/12226 Delhi-Azamgarh Kaifiyat Express and 14164 Meerut-Allahabad Sangam Express have been cancelled.The other trains, which were delayed on Sunday were 12533 Lucknow-Mumbai CST Pushpak Express, 12540 Lucknow-Bengaluru Yeshvantpur Express, 14257 Varanasi-New Delhi KV Express, 14217 Allahabad-Chandigarh Unchahar Express, 11016 Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT Kushinagar Express, 11072 Varanasi Jn.-Mumbai LTT Kamayani Express, 12104 Lucknow Jn.-Pune Superfast, 12331 Howrah-Jammu Tawi Himgiri Express, 13020 Kathgodam-Howrah Bagh Express, 12511 Gorakhpur-Trivandrum Rapti Sagar Express, 11124 Gwalior-Barauni Mail, 12541 Gorakhpur Jn.-Mumbai LTT Superfast, 12553/12554 Barauni-New Delhi Vaishali Express, 12591 Gorakhpur-Bengaluru City Express, 12876 New Delhi-Puri Neelanchal Express, 13484 Old Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express, 14673 Jaynagar-Amritsar Shaheed Express, 14854 Jodhpur-Varanasi Marudhar Express, 15635 Okha-Guwahati Dwarka Express, 19408 Varanasi-Ahmedabad Express, 19410 Gorakhpur-Ahmedabad Express and 12560 New Delhi-Varanasi Shiv Ganga Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17824992", "title": "Constable found dead on roadside", "text": "GURGAON: A 29-year-old head constable attached to the Haryana Police was found dead on the roadside on Sunday morning in the jurisdiction of the Rajendra Park police station. Police said, the victim was on night duty and he was hit by an unidentified vehicle.The victim has been identified as Anuraag, a resident of ward no 16 of in Kosli sub-division in Rewari district. He was posted at the Budhera police post under the Rajendra Park police station.According to a senior police officer, Anuraag was working on Saturday night. \"His duty was to keep surveillance on night traffic. While he was on duty, an unknown vehicle crushed him to death.\"Police said the victim's body lay on the roadside the entire night. On Sunday morning, a passer-by discovered the body and informed the police control room. He was declared brought dead in hospital. The body was handed over to the victim's family after post-mortem.Police have lodged an FIR against unknown vehicle driver and are on the lookout for him. \"We have lodged an FIR of negligent driving against unknown person's and are investigating,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830041", "title": "Delhi government's women helpline 181 fails to take off", "text": "NEW DELHI: A helpline for women, announced with great fanfare by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit through advertisements in newspapers on Monday morning, appeared to be \"helpless\" as it was not working.Calls to the number were greeted by a long beep sound. Dikshit had last week announced launch of the round- the-clock helpline for offering help to women in distress amid nationwide uproar over the December 16 brutal gang-rape of the 23-year-old here. The girl had breathed her last on Saturday in a Singapore hospital.Senior Delhi government officials said the helpline could not be made functional due to some glitches in the MTNL network.They said the helpline, which will operate from the chief minister's office in Delhi secretariat, can be contacted from landlines as well as mobile phones.The telecom ministry had last week released the three- digit number following a request by Dikshit. It will be the first three-digit number to have been allotted by the ministry in two years.The ministry had earlier allotted '167' for the helpline but upon request for a number that would be easier to remember, the number was changed to '181'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gumla/hazaribag", "code": "17824427", "title": "All set for a bash on December 31", "text": "GUMLA/HAZARIBAG: The famous Birsa Munda Park in Gumla wore a festive look for welcoming the New Year. Roses of over hundred varieties, rows of marigold, dahliya, gladiolus and Christmas flowers adorn the park and will add to the celebrations.\"Children who learn music and dance in Birsa Sangeet Viddhyalaya situated in the park will perform songs and dance on stage,\" said secretary of the management committee J J B Tirkey.There is more to the celebrations with sumptuous food, cultural programmes and gathering of government officials and media persons at the venue.Meanwhile in Hazaribag, elaborate security arrangements have been made to keep strict vigil over the movements of the anti social elements not only on the National Highways but also at favorite tourist spots where around 50,000 to 60,000 New Year revellers mostly youths will assemble to celebrate the day. SP Manoj Kaushik said, \"We have taken special precaution this year,\" particularly after the death of a youth on December 25. We are also taking special care to protect girls and women in wake of the death of the Delhi girl,\"said the SP.Since Canary Hill with scenic beauty and close to the town attracts large number of tourists not only from Hazaribag town but outside has acute shortage of drinking water problems which creates problems for the picnickers deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan orderedfor sinking of deep tube-wells in the vicinity for providing drinking water to the visitors at the site. He directed the authorities of drinking water and sanitation department to take this work on war footing.Other places which were deced up for the New Year are lake with cafeteria having boating facilities, toy trains and number of food stalls for the commoners The Hazaribag national park spread over 18,625 hectares of land will also attract huge gathering and the authorities of the Hazaribag Wild Life Division have set up several sites and sunk tube wells for the convenience of the tourists.Another new site developed was the construction of big Rock garden covering an area of 46 hectares designated as Sahid Nirmal Mahato Park located just by the side of the Hazaribag Circuit will also attract huge crowd this year. Another attractive place for the tourists will be the Agro-Tourism centre at Demotand where the flowering of Sarso (oilseed) floweres have become attractivefor the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17832892", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Desperate Delhi pushing for an outright win against Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Delhi bowlers produced a collective effort as they enforced follow-on upon Vidarbha on the third day of their crucial final group B league encounter of the Ranji Trophy at the OLD VDCA ground on Monday.In reply to Delhi's mammoth first innings score of 523 for nine declared, hosts were all out for 257 thereby conceding a huge lead of 266 runs. Being put into bat again, Vidarbha were one for no loss at stumps.Today, none of the Vidarbha batsmen save veteran Hemang Badani (68) could make an impact. Pacers Sumit Narwal, Pradeep Sangwan , left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra and all-rounder Rajat Bhatia took two wickets apiece while fast bowler Vikas Tokas got another wicket.Shikhar Dhawan and co will be aiming to record an innings victory which will take them to 24 points and ensure a smooth passage into the knock-out stages. Even if they get six points, it would mean that they finish on 23 points and would even qualify in that case.While Uttar Pradesh with 33 points emerged as group champions, Baroda with 22 points also have very good chance of qualifying through to the next stage.In case, Delhi only manage to get three points and finish on 20, they would expect Maharashtra to deny Karnataka an outright win so that the southern state finishes on 18 points.Karnataka if they record an outright win will end up on 21 points and in case of innings win will end on 22 points. If Karnataka end on 22 points and have a margin of an innings and 1 run-win, they will have a better run-quotient than Baroda as both have same number of outright wins.The bottom line is Delhi need an outright win to get rid of any other mathematical possibility out of their way.Brief Scores: Delhi 523/9 dec. Vidarbha 257 (Hemang Badani 68, Sumit Narwal 2/27, Vikas Mishrs 2/38) &amp; 1/0 (f/o).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824862", "title": "Candle march, human chain for Nirbhaya", "text": "PATNA: City youths, retired persons, housewives and a number of social activists, holding candles, not the banners of any social organizations, took out a rally from Bailey Road to Kargil Chowk on Sunday to show their solidarity with Nirbhaya, the Delhi gang-rape victim who died on Saturday morning.Though it was a silent march, the message was loud and clear - \"gallows for rapists\" and \"justice to all rape victims\".The huge rally, however, created road jam on various city roads but the agitators did not create any trouble in vehicular movements.Rather, some of the passersby willingly joined the rally which culminated at Kargil Chowk after lighting the candles. The protesters also formed human chains at various places and took a vow - \"to respect girls and not to support any act of harassment against fairer sex\".Interestingly, the infamous bikers' gangs, who are notorious in society for their 'lahariya-cut' riding, creating inconvenience to other commuters, especially girls, also took out a rally at Dak Bungalow roundabout demanding justice to rape victims.\"We know that girls do not like our speed and techniques but we want to assure them that they are not our targets. We even extend our help to girls in case we found other riders teasing them,\" said Andy, a member of one of such bikers' group.\"This rally is just not for the Delhi girl only but we want a safe and secured society for every girl in the country. We were taken aback when we heard about the Fatuha rape case a couple of days back. The law-enforcing agency should take the case to the logical end as soon as possible,\" said Kriti, a Patna Women's College student.Narayan Priyadarshi, a retired government employee, said, \"In most cases, the rapists belong to lower middle class families who neither read newspapers nor watch TV news. The challenge before our society is, how to handle such people?\"Aarti, a housewife, who lit a candle at Kargil Chowk said, \"My husband's native place is a village in Bhagalpur district. I do not feel comfortable with the people there, not because of their lack of education but their attitude towards women are different. And this is very disturbing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832155", "title": "Confessions of a worried father", "text": "My 20-year old daughter studies in Delhi. She doesn't wear short skirts, doesn't go out after 8 pm, doesn't visit pubs , doesn't commute on public transport(definitely not private buses, God forbid), and\u00e2\u20ac\u201das far as I know\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddoesn't have a boyfriend. Is she safe in Delhi?As I hear the verbal diarrhoea on television debates about women and sexual violence I am filled with a sense of impending dread and growing despair. Standing on the threshold of 2013 I wonder what sort of a world we have given over to the future generations! A world perhaps where women are treated as they were in Manish Jha's Matrabhoomi as no better than cattle. A world not fit for women at all. So do we as a collective nation have the right to spew impassioned rhetorics on female foeticide when we can't guarantee our girl child the basic right to walk fearlessly on the public roads? And please, let's not blame the politicians . Who are they to protect our children when we can't do it ourselves? As I watch open-mouthed, the sanctimonious bilge emanating fron the articulate mouths of socio-political experts I hear some strange logistics on how to contain sex crimes against women. Someone even suggested an emergency rape-line on the phone, a number that ladies can dial when they are attacked. Er...you mean if a girl is being raped she would dial a number and ask for help???Maybe she should instead dial the rapist's mother to tell her what the son is up to. The rationale to restrain rape gets even more dented and painted from there.Some wise politician suggested public flogging for rapists. How that would help our girls after they are violated is beyond my comprehension. Those who suggest such nonsensical remedies to the rampancy of the rape epidemic don't know the 'r' of rape Maybe the experts should be put through the ordeal before they are allowed to speak authoritatively on the subject of rape. Like you need a learner's licence before you can learn to drive. What I gathered to my horror within my limited understanding of political rhetorics is that everyone is talking about redressal after sexual violation.Not prevention of the crime.So are we to presume that crime against women are inevitable and that we as nation must lie back and enjoy it and then mete out punishment to the offender, for example chemical castration? So okay. The six gentlemen , lodged in Tihar enjoying state hospitality at our cost, are rendered penis-less and sexually impoverished. How would that be any consolation to the parents of Nirbhaya (as the Time Of India aptly named her)? Again, we are talking of retribution for rather than prevention of the crime. So here are some very elementary preventive measures that I , in my naive emotional state as a worried father of a grownup girl(hence a potential victim of unwanted attention, never mind the long skirts) would like to suggest. Ban alcohol. A majority of the sex crimes are committed in a state of inebriation(and those six gentleman in Tihar would testify to that). Why do we need to drink to feel good about life? Just be happy that you and your family are safe and that your 4-year old son has not been molested by that sweet Uncle who visits your home every morning.Okay, so you can't ban alcohol? Big bucks, big revenues, huh? Okay, then ban consumption of alcohol in public places. Drink yourself silly in your home, if you like. Don't step out threafter.Close down sale of liquors in bars and restaurants. Maybe the man at the steering wheel would be able to think straight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829192", "title": "Action replay 2012: Most read on TOI site", "text": "News flies, and how. If numbers can capture the hot buttons that make our readers react, here's how they responded. A look at the top news , issues and occasions that grabbed the attention of our readers, viewers and netizens through the year.SPORTS Most Read Ind vs SL: Flamboyant Virat Kohli helps India earn bonus point against Lanka (Page views: 4.5L)  Yuvraj Singh diagnosed with cancer, undergoing chemotherapy in US (Page views: 3.8L)  Rahul Dravid announces retirement from international cricket  (Page views: 3.6L)Social sharing Viswanathan Anand shows the heart of a champion in winning fifth world title (Facebook shares: 3.6k)  Ind vs SL: India beat Sri Lanka by 21 runs to take 1-0 lead  (Facebook shares: 1.9k)  International Olympic Committee suspends India  (Facebook shares: 1.8k)BUSINESS Most Read Union Budget 2012-13: What goes up, down  (Page views: 10L)  Union Budget 2012-13: Income tax exemption limit raised to Rs 2 lakh  (Page views: 6L)  Rail Budget: Railway minister announces 75 new express trains, 21 passenger trains  (Page views: 5.5L)Social sharing Petrol price raised by Rs 7.50 per litre (Facebook shares+likes+comments: 5k)  India announces $10 billion for debt-wracked Eurozone  (Facebook shares: 2.2k)  Younger CEOs paid more in India than US ( Facebook shares: 1.6k)INDIA Most Read Massive earthquake strikes Indonesia, tremors felt in India  (Page views: 9.6L)  How Rajesh Khanna almost ended Advani's career in 1991  (Page views: 3.5L)  Retired scientist's daughter stripped, thrashed in Bengal  (Page views: 3.3L)Social sharing Haryana khap blames consumption of chowmein for rapes  (Facebook shares: 2.3k)  Naga IAS officer builds 100-km road in Manipur without govt help  (Facebook shares: 20k)  21-year-old girl held for Facebook post questioning Mumbai's 'Bal Thackeray shutdown  (Facebook shares: 16k)WORLD Most Read 8.9 earthquake hits Indonesia, tremors felt in India  (Page views: 7.2L)  Russia says strike on Iran would be 'catastrophe' (Page views: 3.9L) 'JFK took virginity of intern in wife's room at White House' (Page views: 3L)Social sharing 8.9 earthquake hits Indonesia, tremors felt in India  (Facebook shares: 3.8k)  Saudi Arabia warns non-Muslims: Respect Ramzan or else  (Facebook shares: 1.7k) US election results: President Barack Obama creates history, wins second term in White House  (Facebook shares: 1.4k)ENTERTAINMENT Most Read Rajesh Khanna passes away at 69  (Page views: 7.2L)  Shah Rukh Khan's scuffle with Farah Khan's husband  (Page views: 6L)  Strong case against actor Saif Ali Khan , say police  (Page views: 5.4L)Social sharing Barfi! Movie Review  (Facebook shares: 8.2k)  Satyamev Jayate: Aamir Khan refuses to apologize to doctors, ready to face legal action  (Facebook shares: 6k)  Justin Bieber could face 6 months jail for alleged battery case  (Facebook shares: 4.3k)TECHNOLOGY Most Read Eadweard J Muybridge celebrated in Google doodle  (Page views: 2.9L)  Robert Moog's 78th birthday: Google pays tribute with an interactive doodle  (Page views: 2.9L)  Aakash tablets: 14 lakh booked in 14 days  (Page views: 2.4L)Social sharing Facebook to disappear in 5 to 8 years: Analyst  (Facebook shares: 3k)  Mamata turns to Facebook, seeks support for Kalam  (Facebook shares: 2.3k)  Apple Maps leads drivers to snake-infested desert  (Facebook shares: 2.2k)CITY Most Read Mumbai Police bust rave party, 2 IPL players and several foreign nationals detained  (Page views: 4.0L)  Woman raped by goons she hired to kill husband  (Page views: 3.3L)  15-yr-old Chennai boy stabs teacher to death in classroom  (Page views: 3.2L)Social sharing Bihar farmer's 12-year-old son cracks IIT-JEE  (Facebook shares: 17.4k)  Gujarat village that puts metros to shame  (Facebook shares: 5.1k)  Narendra Modi tops negative votes in global poll  (Facebook shares: 3.6k)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825443", "title": "Andhra Pradesh budget for 2013-14 may be presented on March 15", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finance minister Anam Ramnarayana Reddy is likely to present the state budget on March 15 during the budget session of the state Assembly which will start on March 11. This time, the budget session will have a recess between presentation and adoption of the budget for the new financial year.For the first time, the state government is going for a vote-on-account for three months period in the financial year 2013-14 before getting the sanction for full-fledged budget on the lines of practice in vogue atthe Centre. After getting approval through vote-on-account on or before March 28, the House will adjourn so that the budget proposals are examined by the legislative groups.The House will meet again in the month of May to incorporate or reject the standing committees' recommendations and finally pass the finance bill. The change has been contemplated following the recent constitution of Standing Committees comprising Members of the Legislative Assembly and Council. As in Parliament, the Standing Committees will study and discuss on camera the budget proposals, the demands for grants of individual departments without allowing political considerations to influence the allocations.A vote-on-account is aimed at seeking sanction of expenditure by the government if it anticipates delay in passage of a full-fledged budget before the end of financial year on March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830896", "title": "\"Housewife Hai...\" comes with serious message: Aniruddh Dave", "text": "TV actor Aniruddh Dave, to be seen in \" Housewife Hai...Sab Jaanti Hai\", says it is a show with a message. He says while the show will provide full-fledged entertainment, it will also convey the importance and potential of a housewife.\"The show is entertaining, but comes with a serious message. It is on the existence of housewives and how they are not less than working women,\" Aniruddh told IANS.Personally also, the actor agrees with the cause.\"Housewives have thousands of responsibilities. They have so many things to do at home too. In fact, I feel housewives can do much more than what working women can,\" he said.Set in Allahabad, the show features Aniruddh in the role of a fun loving husband, whose wife decides to leave her job and devote time at home.\"My character is performance-oriented. I can't do roles where I have to just sit. I am known for my acting style and I always choose different roles,\" said the actor, who has been seen in shows like \" Ruk Jana Nahi\" , \" Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki\" and \"Mera Naam Karegi Roshan\" .The actor says he is not nervous about the new show, and hopes the viewers will like it.\"My fingers are crossed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824141", "title": "Berdych has the edge in Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: It's that time of the year again. The grunts on the practice courts are getting louder and the hands wielding the racquets are getting swifter.The Chennai Open is here, getting off the blocks at the SDAT stadium on Monday, ushering in a fresh season and gilt-edged hopes. Leading the field is world No. 6 Tomas Berdych, along with Janko Tipsarevic, Marin Cilic and Stanislas Wawrinka. All of them have been handed byes into the second round.Berdych hasn't won the Chennai Open before, losing to Wawrinka in the semifinals in 2011, with the Swiss going on to win the title.Serbian ace Tipsarevic made the singles final and took the doubles crown in the last edition along with partner Leander Paes, while Cilic won back-to-back titles in 2009 and 2010.Defending champion and world No. 13 Milos Raonic chose to give the subcontinent's premier ATP tournament a miss this time, opting for the Brisbane International in the run-up to the Australian Open that gets underway in January.This could well turn out to be the year for the Czech with a solid serve and big forehand.Coming off a fruitful season, which saw Berdych win the Hopman Cup along with compatriot Petra Kvitova and the Davis Cup, the Czech is now aiming for a Grand Slam title and Chennai Open is his first looking to bury the ghosts of the previous edition, when he lost in the quarters, Cilic knows he has some catching up to do in terms of his game.\"I feel that my serve improved last season but there is still room to get better. Also defence is an area I need to work on as it will help me develop my all-round game,\" said the Croat, who missed the last Chennai Open with an injury.Then there are the likes of Robin Haase and Go Soeda who can spring surprises.The No. 56 Dutchman, who sent Marcos Baghdatis packing in the first round of the Chennai Open in 2008, can well prove to be tricky. Japan's Soeda, who broke into the top 50 early this year, shocked Wawrinka and Ivan Dodig in the tournament's last edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831220", "title": "Spanish Gazpacho soup brings down BP", "text": "Researchers say a regular bowl of gazpacho soup could be the key to beating high blood pressure.The cold Spanish dish is made up of a range of superfoods including tomato, cucumber, garlic and olive oil.Even though gazpacho contains salt, which people with high blood pressure are told to avoid, scientists at the University of Barcelona found that those who regularly had the dish saw their levels drop, the Daily Express reported.And they believe the soup could be used to help prevent the condition, reducing the risk of developing hypertension by as much as 27 per cent.The reason may be that bioactive elements of gazpacho counteract the effect of salt ingestion, according to Professor Rosa Lamuela, coordinator of the study.The research, into the effects of a Mediterranean diet on people at high risk of cardiovascular diseases, looked at 3,995 eating gazpacho.The latest findings were published in the journal Nutrition, Metabolism and Cardiovascular Diseases .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17829008", "title": "Miffed at Congress treatment in Gujarat, NCP threatens to review alliance with UPA", "text": "KOCHI: Miffed at the way it was treated by the Congress in the just concluded Gujarat assembly polls, the Nationalist Congress Party has hinted that it would have to rethink on its alliance with the UPA in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and assembly polls.In the Gujarat polls, which saw BJP-led Narendra Modi retaining power, \u00e2\u20ac\u2039though his party was alloted nine seats, Congress fielded its candidates in five of them and in the remaining, Congress rebels contested, NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said.\"This is not the way to work together. This is the reason why the BJP came to power in Gujarat. One has to work together and there should be honesty and commitment. If such a policy continues, we would give a serious thought about the alliance in the coming Lok Sabha and assembly polls,\" he said.Addressing party workers here on Sunday, Pawar said NCP would support any new legislation which recommends harsher punishment for those convicted for atrocities against women.The Union government was taking steps to ensure that farm lands were not being diverted for non-agricultural purposes, he said, adding, a bill to amend the Land Acquisition Act would be tabled in the next session of Parliament.The amendment seeks to provide 400 per cent of the market price to farmers for acquiring their lands for industrial projects, job to one member of the family or salary for 20 years once the land is acquired.The Kerala government should enter the market and procure coconuts so that the farmers would get a better price, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826213", "title": "Food and Drug Administration to act against unlicensed food caterers", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has warned of legal action against food caterers without licence and are registered.According to the new Food Safety and Standard Act, a licence is compulsory for a business with a turnover of more than Rs. 12 lakh. Businesses with turnover less than Rs. 12 lakh need not to take license, but are required to get registered.The food business, which has been included in the act since August 5, 2011, include, pan stalls, fruit-vegetable vendors, vendors selling food items on hand-carts, grocery shops, food bakeries, professionals packaging food, caterers, inns, dhabas, tea stalls, onion-potato traders, meat shops and other such businesses.Speaking to TOI, the Joint Commissioner (Food), FDA Chandrakant Pawar said, \"The registration and licenses have been made mandatory for food related businesses as per the new Food Safety and Standard Act 2006. Businesses without licence or registration can be fined up to Rs. 5 lakh or face six months of imprisonment.\"\"There are around 300 food caterers across the city. Even after several reminders, they have not registered or taken license. We have decided to take stern action against them. Moreover, action will also be taken against owners of wedding halls, lawns and schools, if food caterers with no registration or license are found in these places.\"As per the new Food Safety and Standard Act, the FDA had recently started the drive for registration and issuance of license in Nashik division. Around 19,403 businesses have been registered so far in Nashik division, including 5,484 registrations in Nashik district, 3,986 in Dhule district, 4,537 in Jalgaon and 5,396 registrations in Ahmednagar districts.The licenses have been issued to 11,377 businesses, including 5,004 businesses in Nashik district, 2,160 businesses in Dhule district, 1,987 in Jalgaon and 2,226 businesses in Ahmednagar districts. The revenue amounting to Rs. 5.62 crore were earned through registration and issuance of license.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824570", "title": "CPM demands Rs 2,500cr relief for Tamil Nadu farmers", "text": "CHENNAI: The CPM has demanded that the Centre announce a Rs 2,500 crore relief package for farmers in the Cauvery delta region. In a resolution passed at its three-day state committee meeting, it said standing samba crops spread over 14.5 lakh acres in the Cauvery delta region in the state had been affected due to shortage of water.The meeting which concluded in Tirupur on December 29, slammed the UPA for failing to ensure that Tamil Nadu received its due share of water Cauvery river waters. The meeting was attended by the party's national general secretary Prakash Karat , state unit secretary G Ramakrishnan and others.\"Samba crops taken up over 14.5 lakh acres are going waste due to Karnataka government's adamant stand against releasing water to Tamil Nadu, besides failure of monsoon, resulting in untold miseries of farmers,\" a resolution said.The Centre should announce a relief package of Rs 2,500 crore, it demanded while extending support to farmer bodies' protest on January 7 in three of the delta districts in connection with the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17825107", "title": "Fate of ring road hangs in balance", "text": "VARANASI: It seems that the ring road project may continue to hang in balance for more years as the state government is not interested in beginning the land acquisition process by antagonizing the farmers.It may be recalled that the Union ministry of surface transport had reached a conclusion in 2000 that decongestion of roads was the only solution to reduce the traffic problem in the holy city.The Union government sanctioned the project of ring road for Varanasi in the same year, when it approved roads in fast track category (National Highway Development Project-I) for many other cities of the country.The projects designed for the other cities were completed but Varanasi still waits to see the project coming on the floor. By keeping the proposed ring road in view, the town planning department has prepared the new master plan.However, the ground realities are sufficient to hint that this project will stay on backburner for more years despite the fact that 12 years had already passed. Divisional commissioner CK Tiwari said, \"The agency assigned for this project is ready to work. But, it needed Rs 300 crore from the state government to begin the work.\"During his October 5 visit, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav made it clear that he did not want to annoy farmers. He said that until the farmers would become agree to provide their land, the state government would avoid moving ahead with any project.The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), which had been assigned the project, had started correspondence with the state government after the formation of Samajwadi Party government to draw attention towards the basic requirements of the ring road project. However, it did not get reply from the state government.The officials have realised that the state government has no interest in this project, they have started thinking for an inner ring road by connecting various roads to reduce the traffic pressure.Political compulsions of SP : Multiple political reasons left the ring road project lingering. Mulayam Singh Yadav came to power in the state in 2002.His bitter relations with and Union government hindered this project between 2002 and 2007.The CM was rigid that the state PWD would complete this project while Centre had faith with National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). After Mayawati government formed in 2007, the project was handed over to NHAI in 2009.Under the NHAI's National Highway Development Project Plan, the ring road for Varanasi was also included and followed by the appointment of consultant to conduct a survey for the alignment of the road.In 2010, the survey report was forwarded to the NHAI headquarters.NHAI decided that the entire project would be completed in one phase only. Apart from linking NH-2 (GT Road), NH-56 (Varanasi-Lucknow highway) and NH-29 (Varanasi-Gorakhpur highway) the construction of a four-lane bridge on Ganga was also proposed in this project.After the approval of the alignment, NHAI had to start the process of acquiring 60 metres wide strip for 56 km ring road in 2010. In the meantime, NHAI clarified that the cost of land required for the project would have to be borne by the state government.Mayawati government avoided taking decision in this regard, hence the responsibility of taking decision in this regard came on CM Akhilesh Yadav.Progress made by PWD : When the PWD was handling this project, it had decided to complete it in three phases.To acquire land for the first phase, under which the highways leading to Jaunpur and Ghazipur districts had to be linked with a fast track road, the working agencies prepared the list of 34 villages.As per the land rate prevalent in 2000, a fund of Rs 14.5 crore was sanctioned for the land acquisition. But, as the land price escalated with time, a revised proposal of Rs 38 crore was forwarded to the government in 2007-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830900", "title": "'Skyfall' breaks $1bn record at global BO", "text": "The latest James Bond film 'Skyfall' has smashed through the 1-billion-dollar mark at the box office, as it continues its record-breaking showing in cinemas worldwide.The spy adventure has also become the first movie to earn at least 100 million pounds in ticket sales in Britain, the Telegraph reported.The Sam Mendes-directed film, which was released 50 years after the franchise's first movie 'Dr No' in 1962, has now become the highest earning out of all of the 23 James Bond instalments.The film's executives announced that it had now earned at least 1 billion dollars (620 million pounds) at the global box office, with 710.6 million dollars (440 million pounds) being made outside of North America.Despite falling out of the week's top 10 films in the US, the James Bond film is only the third movie to cross 1-billion-dollar mark in worldwide ticket sales this year, after 'The Avengers' and 'The Dark Knight Rises'.Over the weekend, the film took a further 1.4 million dollars (867,000 pounds) in Britain, bringing its total earnings to 161.6 million dollars, making it the first film to break the 100-million-pound barrier in the UK.Before 'Skyfall', 'Avatar' was the highest grossing film in Britain, taking more than 94 million pounds at the UK box office during its cinematic release.Since its release in October, 'Skyfall' has broken several box office records. In its first three weeks of release it grossed more than the combined earnings of the two previous Bond movies, 'Quantum of Solace' and 'Casino Royale'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824326", "title": "Courts play greater role", "text": "Delhi high court stepped in to enforce the rule of law wherever the political leaders were found wanting. From banning sale of gutka to plastic bags to illegal hookah bars operating in Delhi, HC regularly entertained PILs raising issues of public concern and issued crucial directions to the authorities.It lost no time in taking suo motu cognizance of the December 16 gang rape - when the political leaders were virtually in hiding - to fix accountability of senior cops Despite Delhi Police trying to hush up its failure, HC has demanded names of the cops who were to patrol the route taken by the bus in which a 23-year-old physiotherapist was gang-raped. It has decided to hear the case on a day-to-day basis.The year 2012 also saw both HC and the trial courts grapple with the sensitive issue of obscenity on the web. As a case involving alleged obscene content being posted on various social networking sites landed before the judiciary, the courts summoned company officials of websites like Facebook and Google to appear before it for the proceedings.Politicians and senior army officials also had a hard time in court. While former Lt Gen Tejinder Singh filed a criminal defamation case against former army chief Gen VK Singh and the court accepted the plea, Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy failed in his attempts to get the courts make finance minister P Chidambaram an accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam. The court rejected his plea to make the minister an accused on the grounds of not having sufficient evidence against him.BJP President Nitin Gadkari also filed a defamation case against Congress's Digvijay Singh before a trial court this year.The fag end of the year saw politician Naveen Jindal filing a complaint against senior editors of Zee alleging an extortion bid. The editors are now out on bail while the Zee group chairman and his son were questioned but all of them will have to face trial.Another politician who became the centre of a suicide case was former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda who has been arrested for allegedly abetting the suicide of Geetika Sharma, an employee of his now-defunct airline MDLR.In a 2009 fake hijack scare case, the first of its kind, the court recently sent a chartered accountant to life imprisonment for creating panic on board by threatening the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824309", "title": "In a first, IIT-B honours its former female student", "text": "MUMBAI: On Sunday, 33 of the total 70 students of Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B)'s first graduating batch met at the Powai campus for their golden jubilee reunion. The batch, which joined the institute in 1958 and passed out in 1962, was felicitated on the alumni day.For the first time, IIT-B conferred the distinguished service award on a female alumni. Parul Gupta, a 2002 pass out, also become the youngest person to be felicitated with the award. Gupta, who works in a private firm, is also the co-founder of an NGO and the recipient of the Foundation of Youth Social Entrepreneurship's fellowship for 100 change-makers under 30 years in the Asia-Pacific region.The distinguished service award was given to six other alumni as well.Students from the 1987 batch handed over a cheque of Rs 2 crore to IIT-B's director Devang Khakhar for the institute's Legacy Project, which comprises three projects-a technology and development consultancy cell at the Centre for Technology Alternatives for Rural Areas, two existing programmes for a wellness fund for retired faculty and a student scholarship fund.As part of the golden jubilee batch celebration, a book, The Pioneers: story of the first ever batch of the IITB-1958-62, was released. A panel discussion on the 'Role of IITians in governance' was one of the important highlights of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826310", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation invites Rs 1.64-crore worth tender for various electric works", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation has floated a tender for various electric and other civic works, such as putting up of streetlights, shifting of electric poles and setting up a traffic signal totally worth Rs 1.64 crore.The works are to be executed through private contractors and the last date for filing the tenders is January 21.The tenders include around 13 various electric and other works in different parts of the city.The electric poles of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) on the road from Jaybhave Mills to Bajranch Chowk in Prabhag no 47 in Cidco division of the NMC are causing hurdles to the traffic. These electric poles are to be shifted at a total cost of Rs 49.75 lakh.The works of putting up streetlights in Pathardi area in Prabhag no 52 of Cidco division are to be carried out at a cost of Rs 24.99 lakh.Also the works of putting up streetlights worth Rs 18.75 lakh are to be carried out in Saibaba Chowk and Nehru Chowk area in Prabhag no 47 of Cidco division. The works of putting up streetlights worth Rs 15 lakh in Uttamnagar and Rajratna Nagar in Prabhag no 45 in Cidco division of the city are to be carried out through private contractors.Moreover, the maintenance works of solar water heater system in Indira Gandhi Hospital in Panchavati is to be undertaken at a cost of Rs 1.88 lakh. The works of putting up streetlights worth Rs 25 lakh are to be carried out at Shubham Park, Ganesh Colony and Panditnagar slums in Prabhag no 45 of Cidco division.A new traffic signal is to be set up at Nagji Chowk in Prabhag no 39 of Nashik East division of NMC at a cost of Rs 9.35 lakh. Streetlights works worth Rs 5 lakh are to be carried out in Vishakha Colony and Rajiv Nagar are in Prabhag no 53 in Nashik East division.The works of putting up streetlights worth Rs 5 lakh are to be carried out in Vrindavan Nagar and some parts of Prabhag no 49 in Cidco division.A sound system is to be installed on the jogging track in Prabhag no 39 in Nashik East division at a cost of Rs 3.51 lakh. Also streetlight works worth Rs 4.98 lakh are to be carried out in Mehbubnagar in Prabhag no 54 of Nashik East division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825044", "title": "Teachers against state proposal of 40 teaching periods a week", "text": "GURGAON: Government schools in Gurgaon districts lack not just poor infrastructure but also low motivation level, which impacts the results of both secondary and senior secondary exams every year.Apart from low salaries compared to private schools, the teachers now have to bear the burnt of policies like increase in time-limit and number of periods for each teachers.To improve the annual results, the education department has proposed 40 teaching periods a week in all schools in the states. The teachers in government schools are up in arms against the proposed move.\"The move will burden the teachers and this will not bring quality change in the overall system,\" said Kitab Singh, state president of the Haryana School Lecturer's Association (HSLA).Most teachers in Gurgaon said the student-teachers ratio is around 40 and the state must hire more teachers to ensure better results in all classes.There are 12,500 teachers in over 3,200 schools and increasing the average teaching period in all schools will create chaos of sorts from the next academic session, the teachers said.\"Forty periods a week means each teachers will have to take more than six period a day in each class. This is impossible and will definitely have negative impact,\" said a teacher posted in a government school in Gurgaon.Most teachers are of the opinion that they are engaged in administration exercises like population survey, election and other district level activities, which also affect their performances in school.\"The teachers are always burdened with so many government assignments, that too, addition to the compulsory teaching assignments. The increase in number of teaching periods will de-motivate the teachers,\" said another teacher from a government school.The teachers said the state government must not rely on quick-fix solutions for improving the overall performance of students.\"First, the state must keep teachers away from government duties. Second, to improve results, the overall teacher strength should be doubled,\" said another teacher.On the infrastructure front, the teachers demand better commuting facilities for students.\"There are several instances that some schools do not have enough teachers or students because it is located in remote areas where no one wants to be posted. The state must provide incentives for such posting and provide housing facilities,\" said another teacher on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17824822", "title": "Crackdown on Maoist hideout in Bijapur district", "text": "RAIPUR: Security forces raided Maoist hideouts and seized huge quantity of explosives and other materials from four villages in Bijapur district in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.Bijapur district superintendent of police Prashant Agrawal said a joint team of central reserve police force (CRPF), special task force (STF) and district police personnel raided the forest villages of Kamaknar, Chekhanpal, Pomra and Japenrekka had begun search and area domination operation on December 27.The security forces cordoned off village Japenrekka following a tip off that the rebels were camping in the nearby forests. As the forces advanced towards the forests,rebels opened fire at the security forces, who returned the fire. However, the Naxalites managed to retreat into the forests, leaving behind huge quantities of materials.Agarwal said the security forces seized Naxal literature, medicines, wires, batteries, switch detonators, gelatine, solar plates, walkie-talkies, volley ball nets,rackets and crackers from the spot. He said tailoring machines were also found besides blackboards and alphabetical charts indicating that there was some training sessions for the rebels at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17823503", "title": "20 pistols seized at Indore railway station", "text": "INDORE: Railway Police on Saturday night seized 20 pistols at Indore railway station from a bag of traveller. The accused was identified as Bhollu Singh Bhilala, 30, resident of Khargoan district of Madhya Pradesh.Jitendra Singh Kushwaha, SP Railway said Bhollu was waiting for a train at railway station with a bag. Finding his behaviour suspicious, a railway constable stopped him and checked his bag. Constable was shocked to find pistols in the bag. Following this, accused was rounded up and brought to railway police station.Railway police said from initial interrogation, they have found that Bhollu was taking these pistols to Gwalior for delivery, but accused refused to have information about the person who was supposed to get the delivery of arms.Police said pistols are probably manufactured at Sikligarh near Sendhwa and Bhollu use to act as a currier for the arms consignment. Accused used to sell these pistol for Rs 5000 to Rs 10,000 each.Police said they have alerted that Gwalior police and other respective police stations and they are trying to find out the reason behind the delivery of such a big consignment of arm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825575", "title": "Fewer crimes and city remained peaceful", "text": "AURANGABAD: The city witnessed a series of crimes including 46 murders, 62 chain snatchings, 179 house break-ins, alleged contract killings by Imran Mehndi gang, 26 government employees being caught by anti-corruption bureau, credit card cheating by an inter-state gang, as many as 17 sonography centres being sealed for alleged malpractice and more than 300 crimes committed against women including 18 rapes which were detected in 2012.But the communally sensitive city remained largely peaceful. Commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar took every effort to ensure that no incident became a law and order situation.Of the 2,970 cases registered in the city's 13 police stations since January, 2,148 remained detected and compared to the previous year the city has witnessed around 200 fewer crimes. While the detection rate of the city police remained close to 75 per cent, the cyber cell and economic offences wing buoyed the police department with 100 % detection in 2012. The city also witnessed a dip in the number of serious crimes including attempt to murder and house breaking-ins this year.Kumar noticed a steep increase in the land sharks and increase in the number of economic offences and cheating cases. The economic offences wing was set up with senior inspector Avinash Aghav in charge. The team led by Aghav not only acted against land sharks and the government officials who helped them and has cracked all the cases received by them.The cyber cell headed by inspector Gautam Pathare also detected all the cases including the cracking of the inter-state credit card cheating case.The major crime was on March 4 when Imran Mehndi along with his accomplices allegedly murdered former two-time corporator Salim Qureshi (45) of Asifiya Colony on March 4. He throat was slit and he was buried at Padegaon firing range. After the case was detected, five more murders allegedly committed by the gang came to light.In an encounter on March 26 Azhar Qureshi, a suspected member of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), was gunned down in Himayat Bagh area by the ATS. Other accused, including Khalil Khilji (20) and Abrar Babukhan alias Munna (36), wanted by the Gujarat police for their alleged involvement in the 2008 Ahmedabad blasts, were arrested.Shruti Bhagwat case remains unsolvedOn April 18, the city woke up to the brutal murder of homemaker and former teacher Shruti Bhagwat. The almost nude charred body with brutal wounds was found in one of the ground floor balconies of her flat in Srinath Apartment. Of the 46 murders this year, the Bhagwat case is the only one unsolved even though more than 4,000 were questioned and call details of an equal number of people were checked. Kumar announced a reward of Rs 50, 000 for specific clues.Petrol pump guttedOn October 18, a fire broke out at a Jafar Gate petrol pump when a tanker was unloading fuel without taking necessary precautions. The police and fire brigade department acted swiftly to save lives. A fact-finding committee's report revealed that if the fire brigade would have failed to douse the fire, the blast may have affected the underground petrol tanks that would have gutted an area of 1.5 km radius.Clash inside Harsul prisonTwo gangs clashed in Harsul Central Prison in which an accused Sachin Tayade who had murdered an RTO office employee, was seriously injured after being assaulted by members of another gang acting on behalf of the gang convicted in the Mumbai serial blasts.Gold stolen in break-insJune witnessed one of the biggest house break-ins in which a burglar fled with gold ornaments weighing 650 gm and cash from the house of Jaggi Contractor. The accused was later arrested and most of the gold and cash was recovered. In another house break-in in July at the house of Jaibhagwan Goyal, burglars fled with gold close to Rs 10 lakh. The third major house break in was reported from the Cidco area when burglars took away 580 gm gold from Murlidhar Rani's house in July.Chain snatchers at workThere have been 62 chain snatchings since January but only 34 have been detected. In most cases chain snatchings were detected with the arrest of two gangs, one run by the Rahul Gaikwad a son of a former policemen and a Buldhana based 10-member gang. Conmen also posed a challenge to the city police.Fewer vehicle theftsIn the previous year, there were 404 vehicle thefts, while till November this year 368 have been reported and out of which only 69 have been detected.ACB nabs govt employeesIn all 26 government employees were booked by the ACB since January for alleged unethical practices, compared to 25 government employees last year. Twenty three were caught red-handed while two face corruption charges and one allegedly possessing disproportionate assets. Nine policemen, followed by four from zilla parishad and two from revenue department were among those caught.Sonography centres sealed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "17829432", "title": "Darul Uloom Deoband bans students from using camera phones", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: Leading Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deoband has issued an order banning its students from using mobile phones with cameras and seized 14 such devices from the hostel.According to deputy vice-chancellor Maulana Abdul Khalik, from now on, students may only use simple cellular phone handsets without camera or video features since these are seen as having an adverse effect on their studies.Students at the seminary have been warned that disciplinary action would be taken against anyone found using camera phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17827900", "title": "Gang-rape victim's death: Army issues advisory against holding New Year parties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim, the Army has issued advisories to all its formations across the country against holding new year parties.Advisory has been issued to all formations that they should not organise new year parties, Army officials said here.Army chief Gen Bikram Singh and his wife Bubbles Singh will visit patients in Army Research and Referral Hospital here and Base Hospital on the first day of the new year and distribute sweets.Congress president Sonia Gandhi too has announced that the party will not be celebrating the new year following the incident.Amid outpouring of anger and grief in the country, the body of the 23-year-old victim was flown here from Singapore early on Sunday morning and cremated within hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825250", "title": "Kanpur, Lucknow zoos to exchange chimp, zebra", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur zoo has proposed to exchange a chimpanzee and a zebra with Lucknow zoo.The Kanpur zoo will send the chimpanzee to Lucknow zoo, the zebra will come to Kanpur.Kanpur zoo director Praveen Rao said that the male chimpanzee will join the female in Lucknow. Similarly, the male zebra in the zoo here enjoy the company of female zebra from Lucknow zoo. This way the mating will take place.Kanpur zoo will get the offspring of chimpanzee and the Lucknow zoo will receive the young one of zebra. \"For this proposal to get accepted, we require nod from principal chief conservator of forests. At directors level, the talks have been finalized,\" he said while talking about the exchange of animals.The Kanpur zoo has also proposed to exchange thamins and chinkaras with Lucknow zoo. Kanpur zoo will receive two female chinkaras and give one male and two female thamins to Lucknow zoo.One female sarus will be taken from Lucknow zoo.The exchange of thamins and chinkaras can take place with the permission from PCCF and Central Zoo Authority (CZA) as both the animals come under the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act and are highly endangered species.Zoo open today: The Kanpur zoo will remain open on Monday as it is December 31. On Mondays, the zoo usually remains closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830875", "title": "NRIs return to pursue their dreams in India", "text": "A foreign land is generally associated with high remuneration, comfortable life and immense prospect of secured future.For a common youth in India, an opportunity of job abroad is an all-time dream. Millions have benefited from respectable pursuits overseas and continue to translate aspirations into realities.They not only add to the economy of the family but also contribute immensely to the nation.While a lot has been written about earnings and success rates of non-resident Indians, hardly there has been any discussion about those youths from India who despite high salary, comfortable life and secured future decided to go back to their country just for the sake of serving it.Srinivasan Venkataraman hails from the state of Tamil Nadu in India. He is one of those youths who had decided to quit his job in Libya when the foreign opportunity had everything to offer to him. That was the time much before the war had started, i.e., during the time of colonel Moammar Al-Gaddafi.He had worked hard to be appointed as a lecturer in Libya, a dream many youths fail to materialize at home despite all efforts.On being asked, he said: \"I just wish to go back to India. I miss my country and my people more than I will miss money here\".Surprisingly, he was determined to go back in the same year when there was one hundred and ten percent of hike in the monthly paycheck of teaching staff in all the universities of Libya.A salary that was unmatchable in the entire region of Middle East including Saudi Arabia and Qatar, the economic hub and sign of prosperity in the region.Abdul Aziz, a native of Azamgarh in Utter Pradesh, was very desperate to steal a chance of having a job abroad, for his Madrasa (religious education) was not able to fetch him any luck in India.In the very first year of his employment in Qatar as an English-Arabic translator in the Department of Air Force, a prestigious prospect, both in terms of wealth and status, he chose to resign and fly back to India. He used to be very nostalgic about his family, society and culture. He would often cry whenever he talked to any one of his relatives on phone.He would say: \"When I was in India, I thought money was everything. After I have travelled abroad, I come to realize that there is something more than I need in life to survive.\"While Srinivasan Venkataraman established himself as a successful computer professional by starting his own private firm in Tamil Nadu, Abdul Aziz has become a prosperous builder in Delhi after years of hard work and struggle. They are not the only individuals of exceptional courage and talent. There are thousands of professionals including professors, doctors, engineers and nurses who staked their brighter future abroad for the sake of love and service to their country.Mukesh Pandey was a medical practitioner in Saudi Arabia. After spending about two years in Saudi Arabia, Pandey resigned and move back to Patna in Bihar. He felt like being in cage in a foreign land despite all facilities and agreeable income.Such examples of remarkability by individuals in their resolve to go back to India demolish the long-held myth regarding the foreign land to be the only place where fortune smiles and dream comes true.We must salute all those for their home-coming. India has immense future to offer to those who wish to return to serve it with sacredness of spirit.The time is gone when India, being so huge, was generally associated with poverty and famine.Now India reshapes its image with different outlook by offering the same to brilliant individuals in employment as other foreign countries do.India, undoubtedly, recasts the image of being a foreign land, a dream land, in fact ...a land of opportunity and possibility in the 21st century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825487", "title": "Two killed as van rams car", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons died and three others suffered injuries when a DCM van crashed into an Indica coming from the opposite direction in Kandukur on Sunday morning. The S Mallikarjuna Raju, 34, a cab driver from Kukatpally, and Pradeep Kulkarni, 55, of Nashik died on the spot. Kulkarni's nephew Yashodan Bahuguna, his wife Pallavi Bahuguna and their six-month-old son Veera Bahugua suffered injuries in the accident.In his complaint lodged with police, Yashodan Bahuguna claimed that the mishap occurred when they were going to Srisailam in a cab. \"The family boarded the cab at Punjagutta and the mishap occurred at 7am at NRI Institute of Technology near Gudur gate on Hyderabad-Srisailam Highway,\" the Kandukur police said.According to police, the driver of DCM (AP 29 TA 9091) coming from Dindi to Tukkuguda lost control over the vehicle and crashed into the cabcoming from the opposite direction. Cab driver Raju and Kulkarni, who was sitting in the front seat, died on the spot. Other passengers sitting in the rear seat escaped with injuries.DCM van driver Y Saidulu was taken in custody and cases were slapped against him under sections 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825974", "title": "Citizens unite to form flying squad to protect women", "text": "PUNE: A group of citizens has decided to form a flying squad to take action against eve-teasers and perpetrators of domestic violence. The activities of the group are coordinated by retired police inspector Dattatray Temghare, the Vande Mataram Organisation and Sarhad. The first meeting of the group was held on Sunday.\"The Delhi rape incident has shocked us all. To stop such occurrences, the group was constituted,\" said Sanjay Nahar, founder of Sarhad, at the opening meeting.Nahar said the group aims to increase public participation by tying up with colleges and schools. Volunteers, mostly students, will be given cell phone numbers of group members to contact in case they come across cases of eve-teasing or molestation. \"The group members will not only protect women but will also help the victims deal with legal issues,\" said Temghare. The group members will be trained in filing complaints, checking the FIR, approaching lawyers and other information.A helpline will be formally launched on January 6 and the squad will be constituted on the same day.Students, teachers and parents, who participated in the Sunday meeting, suggested that the identity of the squad members be thoroughly checked and people with criminal background should be kept away.\"It is very hard to change the law with immediate effect. We will take steps to make the law more and more stringent, but at the same time we will have to change the mind set which promote violence against women,\" said Sharvari Abhyankar, a lawyer, who attended the meeting.Shailesh Shah, a businessman, stressed on increasing \"community contacts\" for preventing violence against women. \"Police officials should join hands with locally influenced social and cultural groups for dealing with any untoward incidences in the area.\"\"Till now, many of us were afraid to talk about injustice done to us. But now it is time to unite and raise the voice against the wrong doings. Even the most minor case of women abuse should not be forgiven or ignored,\" said Datta Jadhav, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17830097", "title": "Provide leadership to society: Justice Katju asks media", "text": "INDORE: Justice Katju (Rtd), the chairman of the Press Council of India, has given a call to the media to provide leadership to society, rather than its role of mere informing. He was addressing a seminar on \"Changing landscape of journalism and New Media\" in Bhopal recently. He took the occasion to launch a new portal www.mppost.com.While hailing Sarman Nagele, editor of the portal, for his unique idea at the launching ceremony of Mobile India (Mobile Media), Justice Katju said Mobile media is a new concept of transmitting news and views which is an essential medium in the present circumstances with ever changing technology. He, however, cautioned about Mobile Media's misuse and to prevent its adverse effects he emphasised that there must be some regulations formulated and there should be a code of conduct for it.Speaking further on the occasion, Justice Katju highlighted in detail on various aspects of journalism and said the role of media should not be only transmitting news but also provide leadership to the society at large.Referring to the changing landscape of journalism, the media must get to the bottom of the various problems cropping up in society. He said that middle class people are on the streets nowadays because of inflation and unemployment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825763", "title": "Candle rallies go beyond Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Candle-light protests have marked the year's last week in Kolkata and beyond. While youngsters have taken the lead in organizing them, elders, too, have been quite enthusiastic in their participation. Relatively new in this part of the country, this unique form of protest was sparked off by the Delhi rape on December 16 and has spread like wildfire. While last week a procession was taken out by the city's youngsters, Sunday saw a candle-light march against the rape and murder of a woman at Barasat.Hundreds from the town, that has earned notoriety for frequent murders and rapes over the last two years, joined the march. They walked in silence and formed a huge circle at the end of the procession. A middle-aged lady carried a placard which said:'Shame, shame. You, the rapists did not even spare your 47 year-old mother'. She held her daughter's hand who was desperately looking for a candle.\"Barasat has never seen such a unique protest,\" said Subrata Mitra, a resident of the area. \"But this tragedy will have an adverse effect on women in and around the town,\" he added. Mrinmoyee Bhowmik, a schoolteacher who was also in the crowd with a candle in hand, said: \"Can we hold only the police and administration responsible for all this? Are we not responsible as well? The administration is in a sorry state and is probably as worse as before. At the same time, we the citizens, have become self-centric and irresponsible,\" she said.Alfaz Ali son of Salera Bibi, the murdered woman, was waiting outside the Barasat morgue where a post mortem was being done. An exhausted Alfaz, who was going through the formalities. \"Morte to hobei sobaike ekdin, kintu kono chhele ki tar mayer ei mtityu dekhte pare!\" (Everybody has to die one day but it is so shocking for a son to witness his mother's death in this manner). Throughout the day the nondescript town witnessed a series of protests against the murder. There were road blockades, rallies and candle light vigils. \"When grief stricken people are mourning the death of the Delhi studentthis brutal attack on a mother has been just as shocking,\" said Chanchal Biswas a noted singer. Mousumi Guha, a housewife said she felt it was her duty to register her protest. \"No place I think is safe for women. Barasat's lanes and by-lanes are ruled by bikers, gangs of drunk youths and men from distant places. They are ruthless,\" she said.In Kolkata, candle-light marches were held at Mayo Road and at the Metro channel. Scores joined the processions, carried posters against attacks on women and lit candles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17823722", "title": "Five equestrian academy male players suspended", "text": "BHOPAL: The state sports department has suspended five junior players, including a national medalists of the equestrian academy, for allegedly making indecent remarks on some female players. According to sources, the department told players to go to their native places. \"On Saturday evening, five players of the equestrian academy were asked to vacate the hostel around 8 in the night,\" sources said.Girls of fencing academy lodged a complaint to the authorities about the alleged indecent comments made by boys of the equestrian academy. \"The suspension took place on a complaint lodged by girls of the fencing academy,\" sources confirmed.When contacted, sports director Dr Shailendra Shrivastava said the department won't tolerate any indiscipline at the academy. \"We run national-level sports academies to produce national and international players. No one can be allowed to get away with indiscipline,\" Dr Shrivastava said. He added the department would call parents of the suspended players.\"They were warned in the past too, but they took the warning lightly. I was told they used to sit outside their rooms without wearing shirts and other such things forced us to suspend them,\" said P S Bundela, sports academies administrator.The matter has been forwarded to the disciplinary committee for further action. \"The final decision will be taken on the report after the disciplinary committee submits the report,\" director sports told TOI. The sports department refused to disclose the names of suspended players. One of the suspended players, on condition of anonymity said, \"I was asked to vacate the hostel without citing a reason at 8 in the night. The complaints were filed against unidentified players and my name did not figure in the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828535", "title": "Best foods for a healthy heart", "text": "One of the ways to keep your heart healthy is via good nutrition. We give you a list of foods that are especially good for your heart and eating more of these, along with an active lifestyle will ensure that you are taking good care of your ticker.Heart healthy foodFatty fish such as mackerel, salmon, trout, tuna contain omega 3 fatty acids (such as DHA) that reduce overall inflammation tendency of the body, including blood vessels, thereby reducing triglycerides, blood pressure, reduced blood clotting and better immunity. A study published by the Journal of Cardiovascular Pharmacology (2009) states that it is useful for patients with known coronary disease to consume omega 3 fatty acid supplements 1 gram/day or 1-2 meals/ week of fatty fish as a preventive action.Heart healthy recipesCod with orangesIngredients4 orangesFour thick pieces cod fillet fish2 thinly sliced red onion (you can also use regular onion if you are unable to find red onion).MethodCut and peel two of the oranges and collect the juice of both the oranges in a cup separately.Now take the rest of the two oranges and dice them into small square pieces.Take the four pieces of cod fillet fishes and slightly saute them in a pan with two tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Season it with salt and pepper and cook it for 5 to 8 minutes. Now place it on a platter and garnish.Heart healthy recipesFlaxseed crusted salmon / tofu (Serves 3-4)4 salmon fillets / 4 small slabs of tofu\u00c2\u00bd cup ground flaxseed\u00c2\u00bd cup whole wheat bread crumbs1 tbsp dried herbs (parsley, basil, oregano)\u00c2\u00bd tsp salt and 1 tsp freshly ground black pepperDirectionsPreheat oven to 200C.Cover a baking sheet with foil. Mix the ground flaxseed, salt, pepper and breadcrumbs with herbs in a dish. Place the fillets / tofu on this, coat all sides evenly, pressing gently.Place the crusted fillets on baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes or until you can flake the fish with a fork. In case of tofu, bake for 7-8 minutes. Serve with a salad.(very rich in Omega 3 from salmon and flaxseed)Heart healthy recipesGrilled MackerelIngredientsOlive oil , salt to taste , 1 lemon zest &amp; juice , 2 fresh mackerel , 600 gms potatoes , 1 tsp wholegrain mustard , 1 tbsp white wine vinegar , 1 red onion (finely sliced) , 1 fennel bulb (finely sliced) , 1 cup parsley (roughly chopped) and freshly ground black pepper to taste.MethodPreheat your grill to a medium-high heat.Clean the mackerel and get rid of all the rib bones.Squeeze a few drops of lemon juice and a sprinkling of zest over mackerel well and sprinkle them with olive oil.Now, place the mackerel, skin side up, for at least five minutes. Make sure to turn its side when you are half way through the grilling process.For salad, boil the potatoes and cut them in half.Place the potato pieces in a mixing bowl and add a dash of olive oil, the rest of the lemon juice and zest, along with mustard and vinegar. Mix all the ingredients together well and add the finely sliced onion and fennel.Now, add parsley and seasoning.Place the salad on the serving plates to form a mound. Carefully lay the mackerel fillets on top of salad.Grilled Mackerel is ready to serve.Heart healthy foodFlaxseeds contain omega 3 fatty acids called alpha lipoic acid, part of which also gets converted to DHA. Including ground flaxseeds in your diet adds fiber and protects the heart by reducing total cholesterol and the LDL (Bad cholesterol). Add them to cereal, vegetable cutlets, chutney powders. One tablespoon per day is a good dose to have. (Check recipe below)Heart healthy foodNuts like walnuts, almonds, pistachios, peanuts are rich in good fats, omega 3, fibre and vitamin E which help maintain blood pressure, lower bad cholesterol, reduce plaque development in arteries. According to a paper in the Journal of Nutrition (2008), \"Nuts are food sources that are a composite of numerous cardioprotective nutrients and if routinely incorporated in a healthy diet, population risk of coronary heart disease would therefore be expected to decrease markedly.\" Because they are very rich in calories, it is best to limit their consumption to no more than a handful a day. Have them plain roasted on salads or as a snack. Avoid the salted, caramelised and flavoured ones.Walnut recipe - Orange walnut quinoa with chickpeas and mintFor the toasted walnuts with coriander and cuminIngredients1/2 cup chopped walnuts1/2 teaspoon olive oil1/2 teaspoon ground coriander1/2 teaspoon ground cuminRemaining ingredients1 1/2 cups quinoaWater1 teaspoon salt1 teaspoon ground cumin1/2 teaspoon ground coriander1/4 teaspoon cinnamon1 cup cooked chickpeas, or canned chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained1/2 cup chopped fresh mint2 scallions, finely chopped (both green and white parts)2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827476", "title": "Electra knows how to have good time: Rodman", "text": "OS ANGELES, Actress Electra Carmen's ex-husband Dennis Rodman says she loves having a good time and will keep Simon Cowell happy.Electra and Cowell are dating each other for a while now.\"Carmen is one sexy lady and someone who knows how to have a good time,\" thesun.co.uk quoted Rodman as saying.\"Simon has a reputation for being kind of grouchy, but Carmen will make sure he has a big grin on his face - if you know what I mean,\" he added.Electra, Rodman were married for five months before calling it quits in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17823526", "title": "Protesters cry out for safety after death of Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Thousands thronged the streets of Noida and Ghaziabad on Sunday in protest of the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim.Citizens aired their grievances over the sorry state of affairs regarding women's safety in UP-NCR. While some took to the streets in angry, vociferous protests, others participated in silent candlelight vigils to mourn for Nirbhaya.A residents' group from Kaushambi also tried to meet the Ghaziabad SSP to address specific demands related to public transport and safety.Meanwhile, hundreds of youths have begun a campaign to boycott Republic Day celebrations in protest of lack of safety for women.Their campaign is also directed against politicians who have made it to Parliament and state legislative assemblies despite criminal records of having committed offences against women.\"We have kicked off a campaign to boycott the Republic Day ceremony and expose those MPs and MLAs involved in crime against women,\" said Dr Pranava, an artist by profession and a regular audience of the Republic Day ceremony.\"We are demanding a stringent law against those people who have a criminal record with most of them being serious charges of crime against women,\" Gulshan Sadana, a social activist from Ghaziabad.On Sunday, Noida Entrepreneurs' Organization, NGOs and student groups got together at Noida Stadium to voice their concern over the growing rate of crimes against women in the city and also mourn Nirbhaya's death.\"The problem with rapes is not merely restricted to law enforcement but extends to deeper concerns regarding policing, monitoring of unsafe stretches and most importantly the deeply patriarchal attitudes of people. This attitude must change first before anything else can,\" said Neharika Sharma, a university student.In Ghaziabad, the situation was no different and almost a thousand residents of Kaushambi took to the streets in a candlelight vigil. \"Nirbhaya's case in not an uncommon one.There's a rape reported in newspapers every day and the victim rarely gets justice,\" said Aritra Thakur, a resident of Kaushambi who works as an HR manager.A delegation from Kaushambi Residents Welfare Association (KARWA), an umbrella body of all RWAs, met the police to discuss concrete changes that need to take place in policing and infrastructure of the city to make it safer for women.\"We believe that safe and sufficient transport for women is absolutely necessary, especially at night. Drivers of buses and autos need to be made accountable for and there needs to be a database for them,\" said Gulshan Sadana, an office bearer of KARWA.Apart from Kaushambi, other protests also took place in Raj Nagar and Indirapuram of Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825781", "title": "Pepper spray flies off the shelves", "text": "KOLKATA: Sale of pepper spray that had spiked after the Park Street gang rape has shot up after the barbaric rape-murder in Delhi.Owners of outlets that sell the self-defence weapon say they have been selling 16-18 units a day over the past week or so. Before the Park Street crime, they sold four to five units, which rose to about eight.There is a crowd at these shops on most days, say the owners. \"There is at least a lot of interest. After the Park street rape, sales had picked up but after the Delhi gang rape, demand has more than doubled,\" says one of the sellers, handing a pepper-spray can across the counter to a girl barely out of her teens.She grips it and puts a finger on the button. \"No, no,\" screams the owner, shutting his eyes in panic. \"Don't push the button. Everybody in the room will be affected.\" The girl laughs and says: \"Don't worry. I know just what it can do.\" The spray can leave a gang of 5-6 squirming at a distance of 8 feet is powerful enough to make the group of attackers inactive with burning sensations on the eyes for more than 2-3 hours.\"Most of the buyers are working women, especially techies. We also have a lot of Tollywood celebrities on our client list,\" said the owner of another shop. Standing in a queue of buyers, Sayantika Gupta, who works in an IT firm in Sector-V, said: \"My mother is anxious for me till I reach home (Birati). I am buying this to reassure her.\"Another buyer says: \"Most of my friends are wary of going out this time and are partying at home. But I will go to Park street and enjoy the night. I'll have a pepper spray in my bag,\" says the engineering student.Actor June Maliah feels that women should come out and celebrate New Year's Eve \"armed with pepper spray\". \"It's a very effective deterrent, the only minus point being its price. If pepper spray was cheaper, it would save a lot of women,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17823528", "title": "Good response to NET exam in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The National Eligibility Test (NET) December 2012 conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) was held in city amid tight security and vigilance on Sunday. The students seemed happy as the UGC for the first time allowed the aspirants to take question paper home. The examination saw good response as students appeared in the large numbers. Moreover, the number of students appearing in the examination from city too has seen a surge in comparison to June 2012 examination. While nearly 6,900 students had registered for the examination in June, more than 7,500 students registered for the examination this time.The examination which was held at 10 centres at university teaching departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) last June had to be expanded to 14 centres this time. Public Relation Officer Dr M.S Parmar at DAVV said, \"The examination held peacefully under the tight security measures at all the centres. Students cooperation too helped the invigilators in the conducting the examination.\"The examination was held for 76 topics at 14 designated centres in the city. IIPS and IET of DAVV were made control room for examination. IIPS had 12 centres for 39 subjects examination where 5262 candidates were to take examination while 2291 candidates took examinations at two centres under IET control room. A maximum of 5,000 candidates registered for taking examination in commerce stream. The other stream with high number of candidates included social work and management.According to the students, first paper of aptitude and general awareness was easy but the second and third paper was a bit tough. The newly introduced objective pattern in the third paper came as respite for many as they found it easy to appear in comparison to previous subjective format. Veena Singh, one of the aspirants said, \"Time was sufficient. Most of the students finished the examination much before deadline due to objective pattern. Those who do comprehensive study can clear the examination easily.\" Sharma had given the NET previously too. Another student said that it was good that question papers were given to take them home. It will help knowing the exact performance.\"Results of the examination are expected to be declared in next 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17831571", "title": "Shinde seeks views of all parties on amendments to rape law", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of the gruesome gang rape of a 23-year-old girl here, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde is writing letters to all political parties seeking their suggestions on the issue of changing the law pertaining to rape.Sources said Shinde will ask the political parties to send their suggestions on the matter to the Justice J S Verma Committee, which has been constituted for reviewing the present statute so as to provide for speedier justice and enhanced punishment in cases of aggravated sexual assault.The move comes in the midst of the main opposition's demand for convening an all-party meeting to discuss the issue.The Verma Committee has sought suggestions from individuals, NGOs, women's groups and others by the first week of January. The panel, set up by the government on December 23, has been given 30 days to submit its report.The committee will look into possible amendments to the criminal law to provide quicker trial and enhanced punishment for criminals accused of committing sexual assault of extreme nature against women.The other members of the committee are Justice (retd) Leila Seth, former Chief Justice of Himachal Pradesh High Court, and former Solicitor General of India Gopal Subramanian.Under the existing law, the maximum punishment for rape is life term but the nationwide outrage over the December 16 gang rape of the physiotherapy student in a moving bus here has sparked a demand for death penalty to rapists. The girl breathed her last on Saturday in a Singapore hospital.BJP has also favoured death for perpetrators of such heinous crimes and demanded a special session of Parliament for amending the law.Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj raised the demand while attacking the UPA government for the \"secrecy\" in the cremation of the December 16 gang-rape victim, who was raped in a moving bus.\"The culprits be hanged and the government should not accept any mercy petitions in such cases. If this can be done then this will be the only respect to that victim,\" she said while referring to five cases of rape-cum-murders in which the UPA government, she said, had granted pardon to convicts.Swaraj, who was addressing a condolence meeting organised by Delhi BJP here to pay tribute to the 23-year-old victim, also demanded that such cases should be moved only to fast track courts and within six months they should be decided.\"The trial of rape cases should be completed within six months and capital punishment be given in cases of rape and murder,\" she demanded.She said BJP will utilise the Budget Session of Parliament for making stringent laws against offenders of such crimes.Swaraj said she had spoken to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and demanded that a special session of Parliament be called to examine the existing laws regarding rape as there is no scope of giving death penalty in such cases.\"We feel that if a murder takes place after kidnap and rape, then death penalty should be the only punishment. But my demand of special session was rejected by Home Minister. Then we demanded an all-party meeting to discuss the security of women but that was also rejected,\" she said.Swaraj said as they have not called the special session of Parliament, \"we will utilise the budget session of Parliament.\"\"It is an urgent need that there is an examination of all the laws regarding women this year (2013). There should be severe punishment for violence against women,\" the BJP leader said.Accusing the government of being interested in performing \"drama\" over the rape case, Swaraj disapproved the \"covert way\" in which the government conducted the girl's cremation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828810", "title": "Very difficult to be under surveillance 24x7: Aashka", "text": "Amdavadi girl Aashka Goradia was in the 'Bigg Boss' house for almost 3 months. Aashka who was evicted this week, spoke about her experience and said, \"It was a great experience. I have learnt a lot. I just want to catch up on my sleep now. It is very difficult to be under surveillance 24x7.\"Aashka bonded the most with Sana Khan and Delnaz in the house. Ask Aashka about the inmates and the bad experiences she had with Imam Siddiqui and Santosh Shukla (who said they were in love with each other), Aashka says, \"Imam needs help. And Santosh has not grown out of his college days. Everything he said is a ridiculous lie. Because we were in the house, I had no choice but to bear with him. He does not come even a little close to Rohit (boyfriend Rohit Bakshi). I don't even want to compare him.\"About who might win this season of the show, she says, \"I am not even counting Imam to go to the finals. Otherwise except Rajev everybody has a chance to win. Even Sapna has a fair chance because shayad unka bolne ka tareeka galat tha par wo humesha sach bolte the .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17829011", "title": "Noida police launches software to check cyber crimes", "text": "NOIDA: To ensure cyber security in the city, Noida police directed 70 cyber cafe owners to install a new software that will secure their computers from being misused.Noida police in association with Ideacts Innovations today launched a new software 'iCafe Manager' to be installed in computers to check cyber crimes.\"Cyber cafes in Noida can avail this software free of cost and improve the user experience along with assisting in national security by securing their cafes,\" Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) Triveni Singh said.\"The objective is to ensure cyber security and management in Noida city. It is our attempt to contain cyber crime as cyber cafes are the common targets for misuse and need to be well regulated,\" said Singh.The software helps in all aspects of management like accounting, terminal management and user data storage providing a convenient environment for users, he said.\" Digital photo capture, name, address and photo ID archive data can be easily searched without any problem of storage,\" Singh added.'iCafe Manager' software is in compliance with the new Information Technology Act (Guidelines for Cyber Cafe) Rules, 2011 under the IT ACT, the DSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827514", "title": "Katrina refuses to communicate with flight attendants", "text": "Talk to the hand or the manager, in Katrina's case since she refuses to communicate with flight attendants even for waterThe effervescent and charming girl on screen - Katrina Kaif has a rather different side to herself as well.According to a fellow traveler in a recent aircraft the actress had boarded, her in-flight manners are far from her fan-friendly, posing-for-pictures self at airports.The actress literally and figuratively gets 'up in the air' if her co passengers are to be believed. So much so, that she refuses to talk to the flight stewards and stewardesses and relies on her dutiful manager to do the needful.A source told TOI, \"Basically every time when Katrina boards a flight, she sits with her manager. When the flight stewardess comes to greet her or ask her about her food preference, she simply turns to her manager instead of talking to the flight attendant directly. She would then tell her food preference to her manager who would then convey it to the stewardess.\"Apparently, her dutiful manager even helps her call out for water or the other in-flight necessities whenever Katrina commands.And in case you were wondering, Kat's behaviour doesn't change with flights-be it domestic or international travel. In fact, the source mentioned that Kat's unusual behaviour isn't new.In fact, an incident, years back surprised a lot of fellow travellers who were a bit too used to the actress' onscreen avtar.Apparently, Kat had lost her cool on an airhostess when she was woken up and asked to fasten her seatbelt. Obviously not in her best behaviour with her slumber party being crashed, Kat had given a piece of her mind to the unsuspecting stewardess who had simply tried to follow the rules.\"Katrina's in-flight manners were once narrated by an airhostess in a television show. The actress refuses to talk to the stewardesses and communicates through her manager seated next to her - even for a bottle of water,\" the source added.Looks like Katrina's manager has more people to deal with than just the media or production houses.Surprisingly, Katrina's mannerisms take a sharp turn on returning to ground level. Once the flight lands, and she is out of the aircraft, Katrina is back to being her cheerful camera friendly self.\"She is very sweet to her fans and often poses for pictures at airports and even indulges kids wanting to take her autograph. Thus for people travelling with her,it's quite a disconnect between her in-flight and on ground avtars,\" said the source.Perhaps she just likes relying on her manager for her every need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17826463", "title": "It's all about communication", "text": "KOCHI: This is one skill that everyone keeps harping on in this information age, and something you find so little around, at least meaningful ones.But at Rajagiri Public School, Kalamassery, teachers are pretty serious about students developing and improving their communication skills from a very young age to meet the challenges of the 21st century.The method they have chosen is also novel. Children, from standard I to VII, are given an opportunity to speak and stage a play once a week on a theme chosen for the week. The theme varies from festivals to India's freedom movement to any other burning issue in the society.Not only are students encouraged to communicate their views on the issue, they are also given an opportunity to get together and prepare a script on the chosen theme. Later, they are asked to stage the play in the class. \"This helps to build the confidence of students and strengthen their communication skills. Children can plan their activities together and learn a lot from each other. Children who are shy gain a lot from these activities,\" said school principal Susan Varghese Cherian.This also encourages the thinking process of students. \"To develop their speech or script, students have to refer to various resources in the school library. Once the script is edited and ready, it is scrutinized by the teacher. Due to this, students are focused on performing better,\" said English teacher Lakshmi Nayar.Added Nayar, \"In our school, we have laid particular emphasis on group activities and interaction between students. Also, we give importance to reading and improving language skills keeping in mind the syllabus. We also advise parents to encourage students to read a number of books during holidays instead of spending their time in front of television, computers or PlayStation.\"Besides, emphasizing communication skills and team work, the school also teaches privileged students to share things with their less fortunate counterparts. \"We have the I-share project which we started in 2009. Through this project, children contribute Rs 1 per day from their pocket money to less fortunate students,\" added Cherian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17832240", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tripura 226/5 against J&K; in inconsequential Group C match", "text": "JAMMU: Opener Subhrajit Roy hit a fine half-century to guide Tripura to 226 for five in their first innings against Jammu and Kashmir at close on the third day of a rain-hit Ranji Trophy Group C match here today.Subhrajit made 86 off 177 deliveries and struck 11 fours during his fine knock.Veteran Abbas Ali was unbeaten on 50 along with captain Ajay Ratra, who is batting on 35 at stumps on the penultimate day.Earlier, resuming at the overnight score of 60 for two, Tripura added 166 runs today in 62 overs.Off-spinner Parvez Rassol returned with best figures of three for 42 for J&amp;K.;The inconsequential Group C match at the Gandhi Memorial Science College Ground here has been severely hit by bad weather as only 23 overs were bowled in the first two days. The opening day's play completely washed out due to relentless rain.Brief Scores : Tripura: 226 for five in 85 overs (Subhrajit Roy 86, Abbas Ali 50; Parvez Rassol 3/42).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826234", "title": "Hotels work overtime to send clients home", "text": "BANGALORE: Pepping up the party mood, star hotels in the city are offering pick-up and drop facilities as well as spa sessions on arrival. Inhouse travel desks have been set up for guests to hire cabs on a first-come-first-serve basis.\"Guests can book cabs in advance and they will be dropped first. But most of the bookings usually happen once the party gets over,\" said Kushal Singh, team co-ordinator, front desk, Ista Hotel.\"We have spoken to vendors and will have a few extra cabs in place for people wishing to get dropped the same night,\" said Bhavna Shah, manager, PR and marketing communication, The Leela Palace.At the Matthan Hotel, extra chauffeurs have been hired to drive guests back home.In a guest-friendly measure, many premium hotels have customized stay-over packages in place, which allow the guest to party hard on December 31st night without having to worry about getting back home the same night. What's more, they have complimentary deals thrown in to make these packages more tempting.\"We have so far had 15-odd bookings. We expect the numbers to go up by quite a margin on Monday,\" said Vivek Batra, assistant F&B; manager, ITC Hotels. With this package comes the incentive of checking in by 12 noon on December 31, attend the year-end party and retire to the hotel room afterwards. The next day, the guest gets a complimentary breakfast and can check out late.At The Park, the stayover package has, for the first time, evoked good response.Trust them to take you homeBMTCBangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) will ply buses till 2 am on Tuesday. \"Depending on the requirement, we might decide on the number of buses from important places like Shivajinagar,\" said Nagaraj C, Chief Traffic Manager (Operations), BMTC.METRONamma Metro services will be available on the M G Road-Byappanahalli route of the Eastern corridor till 2 am.CABSPrivate cab operators will be available round-the-clock for those wanting to hire the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17826447", "title": "Jan summits to stretch Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: If December was busy, January is going to be hectic for the city which is hosting a series of high profile events, starting with the Global Health Summit, followed by the first-ever Pravasi Bharathiya Divas in the state and the Global People of Indian Origin (GPIO) meet.While these events would put pressure on the city's civic infrastructure, which is being currently tested by the ongoing Kochi-Muziris Biennale, the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) and the tourist season in general, the city corporation is gearing up to face the challenge.With over 4,000 people expected to flock the city to participate in these programmes, the civic body has decided to relay damaged roads, remove unauthorized hoardings, install street lights on a war footing and launch a cleanliness drive.According to town planning committee chairman K J Sohan, priority would be given to removal of garbage and other debris accumulated in various parts. Encroachments on the roads such as shops and other temporary construction will be pulled down.\"On the New Year's eve, a lot of people will come down to Fort Kochi to participate in the Cochin Carnival. We will have to do a major clean-up work after the festivities. So special focus will be given to Fort Kochi which is also hosting the Kochi-Muziris Biennale,\" said Sohan.Though it is difficult to keep the beach free of water hyacinths, the local body will take every possible step to keep the beach clean. Apart from this, stagnant drains and canals will be cleaned.The district administration has decided to remove all flex boards by Monday. It has also been decided to repair, relay and beautify roads in the city and neighbouring municipalities and panchayats.As part of the preparations for Pravasi Bharathiya Divas, the road between Cochin International Airport Ltd (Cial) and Hotel Le Meridien will be decorated with traditional artefacts. Arches will be placed at the main centres to welcome visiting dignitaries. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said guest houses, rest houses, Yathri Nivas' in Ernakulam and Aluva will be repaired and beautified before the event begins.Over 150 senior Indian-origin doctors from the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and the Middle East will attend the three-day health summit from January 1.Dignitaries including President Pranab Mukherjee and prime minister Manmohan Singh will come down to the city for Pravasi Bharathiya Divas from January 7 to 9.Around 3,000 delegates are also expected to attend the programme. Meanwhile, delegates from more than 30 countries are expected to attend the GPIO meet.Major eventsGlobal Health SummitJanuary 1-3, over 150 senior Indian-origin doctors to attend the meetingPravasi Bharathiya DivasJanuary 7-9, about 3000 delegates to attendGlobal People of Indian originJanuary 5-6, people from more than 30 countries to attendOn-going eventsGrand Kerala Shopping Festival, Global village and Kochi Muziris BiennaleAs Kochi readies to host the global health summit, pravasi bharathiya divas and Global People of Indian Origin (GPIO) meet in January 2013, the city corporation is gearing up to launch a massive cleanliness drive. With more than 4000 people expected to flock the city to participate in the programmes, the civic body has taken the decision to re-lay damaged roads, remove unauthorised hoardings and install street lights on a war footing.It is expected that over 150 senior Indian-origin doctors from the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and the Middle East will attend the three-day health care summit from January 1. Dignitaries including President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will come down to the city for pravasi bharathiya divas from January 7-9. Around 3,000 delegates are expected to attend the programme. Delegates from more than 30 countries are expected to attend the GPIO meet.According to town planning committee chairman K J Sohan, the priority would be given to removal of garbage and other debris accumulated in various parts of the city. He said that encroachments on roads would be removed. Shops and other temporary construction will be pulled down. \"During the new year eve, people will come down to Fort Kochi to participate in Cochin carnival. We will have to do a major clean-up work after the festivities. Special focus would be given to Fort Kochi as a good number of delegates coming to attend the programmes will visit Kochi Biennale,\" he said. Though it is difficult to keep the beach free of water hyacinths, the local body will take every possible step to keep the beach clean. Apart from this, the stagnant drains and canals will be cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17832031", "title": "20 districts benefit from Madhya Pradesh water corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: In view of declining groundwater level in Madhya Pradesh, surface water-based drinking water schemes are being promoted in rural areas. Earlier in June, the Madhya Pradesh water corporation (MPWC) was constituted for implementation of group piped water schemes in rural and urban areas.In the first phase this year, 27 cluster drinking water schemes costing about Rs 754 crore were sanctioned for 654 villages of 20 districts. The department has made drinking water arrangements in 3,500 schools to achieve target of making drinking water available in all the schools of the state. Besides, decision was also taken to make drinking water available in 350 ashram shalas this year.The role of MPWC is to avail loans to implement piped drinking water as well as sewage schemes in the urban areas as per requirement and supplying drinking water to families through water connections.Meanwhile, the Public Health Engineering Department (PHE) is discharging responsibility of supplying drinking water in rural areas of the state. Arrangements to supply 40 litres per person per day drinking water have been completed in all the villages. This year, a norm has been fixed to supply drinking water at the rate of 55 litres per day per person. The department is making effective efforts to achieve this target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824781", "title": "Temperatures rise after a chilly Sat", "text": "MUMBAI: After the city experienced the coldest day of the season on Saturday with 13.7 degrees C, temperatures rose by two degrees on Sunday to 15.7 degrees C. The Met department said that there will be a further increase to 18 degrees C in the coming days.The maximum temperature dipped further to 29 degrees Celsius in Colaba and Santa Cruz to 30.2 degrees. Minimum temperatures for Colaba and Santa Cruz rose to 19 degrees Celsius and 16 degrees Celsius respectively.\"The temperatures have risen in Mumbai by two degrees Celsius. The western disturbance has moved away from Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Pakistan towards the east. In the days to come, expect a rise in minimum temperatures,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. A western disturbance is an extra-tropical storm or a low pressure system which originates in the Mediterranean Sea and moves eastwards, causing rainfall in Pakistan, Iran and India and snowfall in some parts of India.On the dip in maximum temperatures, Rajeev said, \"During winter, we do not count maximum temperatures as they are normal.\"However, according to the weather department, it's still not time to bid adieu to winter. \"According to Met terminology, the real winter is in January and part of February,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17825870", "title": "CPM panel to expel 3 V S Achuthanandan aides", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a major blow to opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, the CPM state committee on Sunday decided to expel three of his close aides from the primary membership of the party. Press secretary K Balakrishnan, private secretary V K Sasidharan and personal assistant A Suresh were accused of leaking secret party documents to the media.The decision, taken by the CPM secretariat meeting on Friday, was endorsed by the state committee. It is learnt C K Saseendran, J Mercykutty Amma and S Sarma, who are known to be close to VS, opposed the decision at the meeting. However, the party is yet to officially announce the decision as its central leadership is learnt to have intervened in the issue. Sources close to V S said the leader has conveyed displeasure over the action to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and politburo member Sitaram Yechury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824736", "title": "ABVP to organize nationwide protests on Jan 4", "text": "PATNA: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) will organize demonstrations across the country on January 4 to demand justice for Delhi gang-rape victim Nirbhaya who died on Saturday.ABVP president P Murli Manohar and national secretary Shrihari Borikar informed this while talking to media persons on Sunday here after the conclusion of the outfit's three-day 58th national on December 28.According to them, given the mounting dissatisfaction with the system, the ABVP has decided to organize debates in various parts of the country on reforms in election, administration, judiciary and education between January 26 and 31.At its national convention, the ABVP adopted resolutions on educational reforms, corruption, recent communal riots in Assam and rape of Nirbhaya. The resolution also demanded capital punishment for Afzal Guru .That apart, the ABVP decided to organize programmes in 15,000 colleges of the country as a part of 150th birth anniversary celebration of Swami Vivekanand for the dissemination of teachings.The programme would be held between January 15 and 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17826858", "title": "Hillary Clinton admitted to New York hospital with blood clot", "text": "WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was admitted to a New York hospital on Monday after doctors discovered a blood clot related to a concussion she suffered early this month.\"In the course of a follow-up exam today, Secretary Clinton's doctors discovered a blood clot had formed, stemming from the concussion she sustained several weeks ago,\" her spokesperson and the Deputy US Assistant Secretary of State, Philippe Reines, said in a statement.\"She is being treated with anti-coagulants and is at New York-Presbyterian Hospital so that they can monitor the medication over the next 48 hours,\" Reines said.\"Her doctors will continue to assess her condition, including other issues associated with her concussion. They will determine if any further action is required,\" he added.Clinton (65), who suffered a stomach infection early this month, and was working from home for most part of the December, was expected to return to work next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17832789", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Saurashtra set Madhya Pradesh 411-run target", "text": "RAJKOT: Cheteshwar Pujara stroked his way to an unbeaten double century as Saurashtra brightened their chances of making the quarterfinals of the Ranji Trophy after setting Madhya Pradesh an improbable 411-run target for an outright win in their Group A match on Monday.Chasing the target, Madhya Pradesh were reduced to 89 for two on the penultimate day and the visitors now require another 322 runs with eight wickets remaining on the lst day of the match on Tuesday.Opener Jalaj Saxena (46 batting) and Rameez Khan (4 batting) were at the crease when stumps were drawn for the day.Saurashtra, currently placed fifth on the table with 17 points, would look for an outright victory to earn the vital six points and finish among the top three teams from Group A.On the other hand, Madhya Pradesh, with 20 points from seven games, are placed third on the table but a defeat on Tuesday will put them out of contention for a knockout berth as only top-three teams from both Group A and B will qualify for the next stage.But if Madhya Pradesh manage to eke out a draw, then they have an outside chance of making it to the quarters.Meanwhile, resuming their second innings at 18 for one, the hosts lost their overnight batsman Sitanshu Kotak (6) and skipper Jaydev Shah (0) early.However, Saurashtra's other overnight batsman, Pujara along with Aarpit Vasavada steadied the ship by putting on 159 runs for the fourth wicket.Jalaj Saxena broke the partnership when he had Vasavada caught by wicketkeeper Naman Ojha on 55. The left-handed batsman struck seven fours.Next man-in, Rahul Dave combined well with Pujara and played the role of an able ally to perfection as both helped Saurashtra cross the 300-run mark in their second innings.Pujara's 221-ball unbeaten knock was laced with 30 fours and a six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830389", "title": "Alex Pandian set to hit the screens", "text": "Studio Green's 'Alex Pandian' starring Karthi and Anushka in the lead directed by Suraaj is set for release on January 12th in about 400 plus screens. While Karthi is busy with his Venkat Prabhu directed 'Biriyani', his 'Alex Pandian' is swiftly getting ready for release.The story will revolve around Karthi playing a worry-free character in the film. Santhanam will also feature in the mass entertainer having already worked with Karthi and impressed in films like Siruthai and Saguni .To pormote the movie, a grand Alex Pandian musical night was held on 30th December at the YMCA Grounds in Royapettah, Chennai. Karthi, Anushaka and also Suriya along with Lingusamy and Gnanavel Raja were present at the event which saw a huge gathering of 15,000 fansDirected by Suraj and produced by Studio Green,the film has Devi Sri Prasad as it's music director and the cinematography is being handled by Saravanan and is also simultaneously made in Telugu as ' Bad Boy '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828600", "title": "2013 to be year of sequels and remakes in Bollywood", "text": "2013 seems to be the year of remakes and sequels in Bollywood as a number of production houses are planning to bank on the popularity of their hit films by releasing their next installments.Beginning with 'Race 2' and ' Murder 3' , the year will have some of the much-awaited sequels as well as remakes like 'Chashme Baddoor' and ' Zanjeer'.The year is set to end with big budgeted sequels like 'Krrish 3' and 'Dhoom 3', but others such as 'Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2' and 'Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster Returns' will hit screens much ahead.With an ensemble star cast and the promise of the same thrill that 'Race' had offered in 2008, its sequel is set to release on January 25. Anil Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan are reprising their roles from the previous film while Deepika Padukone , John Abraham , Jacqueline Fernandez and Ameesha Patel are new additions to the cast. Bipasha Basu will reprise her role of Sonia in a special appearance.Emraan Hashmi is not a part of the third instalment in the Murder series. The film, starring Randeep Hooda and Aditi Rao Hydari, will release on February 15.'Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns' will hit theatres on March 8 with Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan as new additions.Two sequels are set to release in May - 'Shootout at Wadala' and ' Aashiqui 2' . The former is the sequel to underworld drama 'Shootout at Lokhandwala' (2007), while 'Aashiqui 2' is a revisit to the hit 1990 film starring Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal. The new film has Aditya Roy Kapur and Shraddha Kapoor as the lead pair.The Deol family will return with 'Yamla Pagla Deewana 2' in June, while the sequel to 'Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai' is set to hit screens in August. The film has a new star cast comprising Akshay Kumar , Imran Khan and Sonakshi Sinha .Horror film 'Ragini MMS' will have its second instalment in October.The Hrithik Roshan-starrer 'Krrish 3' is set to release in November, while Aamir Khan will be seen taking on as the baddie in action-thiller 'Dhoom 3' in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17832009", "title": "New Year function at Raj Bhavan cancelled", "text": "BHOPAL: The New Year function to be held at Raj Bhavan on January 1, 2013 has been cancelled. Governor Ram Naresh Yadav took this decision in the context of unfortunate rape incident in Delhi, according to a press release here on MOndayIt may be noted that there is a tradition to organise New Year function at Raj Bhavan every year where the Governor interacts with people and distinguished citizens and exchanges New Year greetings, it added.Earlier in the day the new years calendar and official governemnt diary was presented to Governor at Raj Bhavan. Controller of the Government Press Hiralal Trivedi presented the calendar and diary to the Governor. Joint Controller UN Sinha and Public Relations officer Govind Chaurasia were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17830785", "title": "Madhya Pradesh shifts 94 villages from notified National Parks and sanctuaries", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government has shifted 94 villages so far from areas of National Parks and sanctuaries in the state. The state has ten notified National Parks and 25 sanctuaries including Kanha, Pench, Bandhavgarh, Satpura, Panna and Sanjay Tiger Reserve.Forest Minister Sartaj Singh said that there were only total 821 villages at the time of issuance of notification. Following resettlement of these villages, 192 out of remaining 730 villages will be preserved as 'Enclaves\" while 426 villages will be shifted after re-fixation of boundaries of protected areas. Thus, only 112 remaining villages situated in protected areas will be actually re-settled.A writ has been filed in the Supreme Court appealing it to allow re-fixation of boundaries and shift villages situated on the periphery and preserve villages situated in extremely interior of protected areas as \"Enclaves\" where man-animal co-existence is possible. As per the proposed schemes, three out of 112 villages have been resettled. Of the remaining 109 villages, 89 are situated in core areas of tiger reserves.Rs 3131 crore requiredAs per fixation of Rs 10 lakh per unit rate fixed by the Union Government for shifting families from protected area, a sum of Rs 3131.40 crore will be required. As many as 8,677 families are residing in 85 villages in Tiger Reserves' areas and Rs 2603.10 crore will be needed to shift these families by assuming average three units in each family.This amount is to be made available by National Tiger Conservation Authority, New Delhi. Similarly, Rs 528.30 crore will be needed for shifting 1,761 families living in 24 villages situated in the areas of National Parks and Sanctuaries.It is noteworthy that people living in protected areas have to face a lot of problems like loss of human and cattle life as well as crops due to wild animals. Sale and purchase of land is prohibited in these areas under the provisions of the Wildlife Conservation Act, whereas the Supreme Court has prohibited collection of small forest produce and firewood, cutting of trees and construction of house over there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17826586", "title": "Egypt drops treason charges against opposition", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt on Sunday dropped treason charges against top opposition leaders including ex-IAEA chief Mohammed ElBaradei, extending an olive branch to the leaders who had accused President Mohamed Morsi of trying to muzzle dissent.The country's top prosecutor had ordered an investigation into accusations against against the constitution party head ElBaradei, Nobel Prize laureate and former head of the Unbited Nations nuclear agency, along with Amr Moussa, former foreign minister and Hamdeen Sabahi, leader of the Dignity Party, of incitement to overthrow regime of President Morsi.Moussa and Sabahy both had challenged Morsi for the post of the president in a June poll this year, which followed the 2011 uprising against the long-time dictator Hosni Mubarak that led to him stepping down from his post.Asqalani, a member of the Freedoms Committee at the Lawyers Syndicate, said that he had filed the complaint at the time of the Ettehadeya presidential palace clashes that led to the deaths of several people. He also said it was a dark time when Egyptian blood was being shed, and suggested that \"everything that has happened may be part of a conspiracy against the country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824512", "title": "Blackout aboard ship stranded off Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The stranded oil tanker Pratibha Warna ran out of power on Saturday night, posing a danger to other ships at sea. The tanker, carrying 220 metric tones of heavy fuel oil, will be unable to communicate with or signal other vessels.The dead vessel, which arrived in Chennai seas on October 7, is about 1.5 nautical miles from the port. If another vessel collides with it, it could cause an oil spill that will be an environmental hazard.Shipping experts say the 220 metric tonnes of heavy fuel oil could affect city's 20 nautical mile coastline if it spills. Industry analyst and veteran sailor Manoj Joy said Pratibha Warna is more dangerous as it is a single hull vessel unlike the double hull Pratibha Cauvery that was washed ashore in October. \"The met department has reported the formation of a low pressure area by January 4. Ignoring this crucial situation could cause a major environmental catastrophe,\" said Joy, who coordinates Sailors' Helpline.Port officials suggest immediate intervention from the directorate general of shipping. The sailors on board are also unwell. On Sunday, a sailor with food poisoning was brought to shore, a day after another sailor in a critical condition was airlifted by the coast guard.Despite the Merchant Shipping Act having strict rules about holding a ship's owner accountable for abandoning a vessel and risking the lives of sailors, the union shipping ministry has not taken action against Pratibha Warna's owner Sunil Pawar.\"The silence from the ministry and DG Shipping gives us the signal that our lives are not important. Most of us are between 24 and 30 years old,\" said Mukesh Kumar Parmal, the 26-year-old chief engineer of the ship, who was brought ashore on Sunday after he fell sick.K Sreekumar, inspector of International Transport Workers Federation (ITF), said all three generators were not working on board. \"Seafarers' Port Welfare Committee will supply food and drinking water for a few more days,\" he said.Sailors are forced to catch fish and collect rainwater to survive. \"We had to manage with rice and fish that we caught from the sea. We couldn't catch fish for three days because of the bad weather,\" said Parmal, who is to be married on January 5 in his village in Rajasthan. The salaries of all the sailors have not been paid for more than six months. Many sailors have completed their contract period but are trapped on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825226", "title": "Greeting cards retain popularity in e-age", "text": "KANPUR: Going by the crowds at stores selling paper cards, it is clear that the traditional way to send New Year greetings to friends and family remains highly popular even in the age of internet and SMSs.The shopkeepers too have decked up their card displays well and are providing enough variety to cater to a wide range of preferences.Among the new entrants this year are magic cards that change their appearance with movement, pop up cards and talking cards that say your message aloud.The introduction of Hindi font on the cards by leading manufacturers has also served to boost the popularity of the cards. Some shopkeepers even offer free home delivery and discounts on large purchases to attract the buyers.The card sellers also have telecom companies to thank for charging consumers for SMSs on 31st December and 1st of January, as it has added to the sale of paper cards.\"In the beginning, when e-cards made their entry and cell phones started getting popular, we had apprehensions that the card market would be badly affected, but time has proven our fears wrong.There was some dullness in the market in the last few years, but sales have again gone up during the last two years,\" said Sanjay, owner of a popular cards and gifts shop in Arya Nagar.Suneel, the owner of another famous card shop at Mall Road also said he was happy with the sale of cards this year. Meanwhile, several temporary stalls selling greeting cards have sprung up across the city.\"The paper cards are so attractive and expressive that you cannot restrain yourself from buying them. Moreover, I feel giving a card does make the New Year special and happy for the loved ones,\" said Nitin, who was seen shopping for a card. Sharda Sharma, a senior citizen from the city said that it would be the 50th year straight when she will be sending New Year cards to her relatives in Calcutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17825254", "title": "Hunt on for cop accused of rape", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Where on one side the nation is still striving hard to recover from the heinous crime of the gang rape of a 23-year old girl in Delhi, on the other end crimes against women continue unabated with another instance of rape of a hapless woman by a police constable came to light late on Saturday night. The accused constable is on the run.According to sources, the 24-year-old woman had visited Panamalur police station on December 2 to lodge a complaint against her husband for dowry harassment. Police constable D Veera Venkat Rao, who heard her complaint, lured her outside to an undisclosed location and raped her.A case was registered after the victim narrated her ordeal on Saturday night. The accused police constable went underground soon after the police slapped a rape case against him. Penamalur police have launched a massive man hunt for the fleeing cop.According to information, the victim woman is native of Kankipadu and residing at Tadigadapa after marriage. However, she is reported to have developed differences with the husband after he started harassing her for dowry.Unable to face the husband's torture, she visited Penamalur police station on December 2 and sought the assistance of constable Venkat Rao, who was also native of Kankipadu, to lodge a complaint against her husband.The police constable reportedly kept her in his custody for about a week and raped her several times. Later, constable Venkat Rao took her to her native place and left her threre after threatening her with dire consequences if she disclosed the matter to anyone.Extremely shattered and shocked, the victim kept quiet for about a week and approached the Penamalur police again with a request to provide her shelter as her husband has deserted her.Penamalur police then handed her to a woman rescue home at Tadepalle in Guntur district. The incident of constable's atrocity came to light when the victim fell seriously ill at the rescue home. The victim narrated her horrifying story to the caretakers of the rescue home before being shifted to a hospital in Vijayawada on Saturday.Subsequently, the caretakers of the rescue home brought the issue to the notice of city police commissioner Madhusudan Reddy, who in turn asked Penamalur police to immediately register a case against the constable. Inspector Dharmendra, who is investigating the case, said they would arrest the cop in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824606", "title": "Lynched teasers did not heed villagers' warning", "text": "RANCHI: All the five persons who were lynched by an irate mob in Khunti last Saturday were warned of consequences by villagers if they did not stop harassing women and illegal stone mining, said the accused in the case.The three tribal villagers of Manho - Gobai Munda, 60, Budhua Munda, 65 and Johan Sanga, 20 - who were arrested on Friday in connection with the case, said the five youths had been warned at a village meeting that if they did not change their ways, they had to pay for it with their lives.\"We had held a meeting and informed Suraj Mahto (one of the deceased) that they would have to face severe retaliation if they do not stop playing tormentors in the village,\" sub-inspector Chandrabhan Ram, the investigating officer in the case, quoted Gobai Munda as saying.Fifteen arrests have been made so far in the case and all the accused have confessed to killing the five youths.\"The recently arrested persons have told us that they had already warned the deceased of death if they did not mend their ways.\" A total of 15 persons have been arrested in this connection so far.A group of villagers had stoned and caned to death five persons, who used to harass women of Manho village, on December 22. One of the deceased had been to jail in a rape case earlier.A tribal-dominated district, Khunti has seen such mob violence in the past as well.Suraj Mahto, Jitendra Prasad alias Pappu Prasad (19), Mahendra Prasad (40), Prem Prasad (22), and Ram Nayak (17) were killed by the irate mob on December 22.Suraj Prasad had a criminal background and was wanted in several cases. Another deceased Jitendra alias Pappu Prasad had allegedly raped a minor while she was on her way to school last year. Surprisingly the deceased and those accused of killing them hail from the same village.Tension still prevails in Manho village. The kin of the deceased have threatened the entire Munda and Sanga communities in the village with dire consequences. Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam said \"adequate\" number of armed policemen were deployed to the village to ensure peace. The armed policemen also patrol the village to ensure safety, said officer in charge Khunti police station Taleshwar Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831903", "title": "Online petition to ban rapper Honey Singh's NY concert in Gurgaon", "text": "An online petition seeking cancellation of popular rapper Honey Singh's New Year's Eve performance at the Bristol Hotel in Gurgaon Monday night, is doing the rounds online. The outrage is for his use of crass lyrics around women.The petition, \"GM of The Bristol Hotel Gurgaon India: Stop Honey Singh's performance\", has been posted following the death of a 23-year-old victim of a brutal gang-rape in Delhi.Honey Singh's songs like \"Lak 28 kudi da\", \"Brown rang\" and \"Angrezi beat\" are peppy and popular among masses. But it is his 2006 song \"C**t\", which has been pinpointed in the petition by Kalpana Mishra.The webpage reads: \"The nation is outraged at the ease with which rape happens, at the unnecessary death of a young woman whose entire life lay before her. We know that these rapes occur because in the India of today rape is acceptable to many men.\"When IANS contacted Bristol Hotel, a source confirmed the concert in on.Even filmmaker Kunal Kohli is against Honey Singh's gig.\"Honey Singh should not be allowed to perform in India. To write lyrics like that is disgusting, to be allowed to perform them, a shame. Come on Gurgaon, show the world, boycott Honey Singh, two days after Nirbhaya/Damini dies, you can't let him sing such lewd songs,\" Kohli posted on Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17823557", "title": "Ujjain Municipal Corporation employee strike continues as Ujjain's sanitation goes out of gear", "text": "UJJAIN: Strike of the Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC) sanitation employees for the last three days has put cleanliness in the city out of gear. Drain water is flowing on the streets at several points as nullahs have chocked. Garbage is piling up on the main squares causing health hazards. Over 1900 employees have put the work off on Friday under the banner of Safai Kamgar Sangh. Notably, the employees were staging dharna for the last ten days to pressing their demands but the UMC authorities did not give heed to it.Safai Safai Kamgar Sangh leader Ramchandra Korat said temporary men should be paid at fixed salary and those working on fixed payment should be regularized as permanent one. Korat said employees were working for the last 15-17 years but have not been regularized as yet whereas the state government has set norms to regularize temporary men.Employees were also annoyed with health officer Rajesh Kothari as he was not giving proper attention to their issues. Kothari used to up and down from Indore and Lokayukt raids was also conducted at his premises a year ago revealing huge unaccounted income.Mayor Rameshwar Akhand said salary of the striking staff would be deducted and ESMA (Essential Services Maintenance Act) could be invoked if employees do not return to work by Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17818657", "title": "Mollywood superstars can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t afford to be choosy", "text": "... Says Dileep, who insists that an actor is relevant only as long as he has work2012 has arguably been the best year as far as superstar Dileep is concerned, be it in terms of his movies' financial success or the awards he earned for them. In a year when the trend was to follow the so-called new generation films, Dileep contended that big budget commercial films drive the industry and backed it up with a gross collection of `32.7 crore from his hit films. In a candid chat with Kochi Times, the State Award-winning actor tells us about what made this year special, why Mollywood superstars can't afford to be choosy, how his grandfather shaped his business acumen and why he hasn't taken a break from acting in the last 12 years.2012 has been a special year for you Indeed. There are a few things that has made this year memorable for me. One, I've been fortunate to be part of successful films. The other was acting with the legendary actor Amitabh Bachchan , albeit for an ad. Those few minutes were equal to acting in a three-hour-long movie for me and it's something that I'll cherish the rest of my life. Also, a nationwide search to play the role of Sai Baba ended with me, which is another venture I've to be thankful for this year.How are you preparing for Sai Baba's role? It's about getting to know more about him as a person; especially, the spiritual side of him. The more you learn about him, the more you are in awe of him; because charity-wise, he has done more than any individual or an organisation is thought to be capable of worldwide. That's where I bow my head to his philanthropic ventures.Apart from the commercial films that are obviously your forte, you had also chosen offbeat films such as Arike this year. People insist that I take up serious roles. Just because I do comedy, it doesn't mean I'm not taking my job seriously. When I go and do films such as Arike, I expect people, who have been criticising me for not doing enough films with artistic value, to show up in theatres and extend support. But I rarely see them there. However, when these films release in DVDs or are shown on television, people are always there to share a good comment. But ultimately the fate of the film depends on how well it has performed in theatres.You had also won the State Award for Best Actor this year for Vellaripravinte Changathi. Though, many would say you deserved it more for your films such as Kunjikoonan and Chaanthupottu. If things are meant to be, it will happen (smiles). When you have your expectations thrashed several times, it's only natural you become disappointed; and after a point, you lose interest. But this year's award just showed me that there would be a payoff at the end. You just have to keep giving your best.It's been close to 20 years in the industry as an actor. How has the journey been? I've been lucky to be able to choose different tracks that have worked right from the start. I started with supporting roles in my first few films such as Maanathe Kottaram. Then I got offers to act in family-oriented movies such as Sallapam and Ee Puzhayum Kadannu. In 2000, Joker showed another facet of me \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as a performance actor. From then on, it was 13 superhits on the trot. I was also able to do movies as an action hero during the last decade. I've nothing to complain about right up to Mayamohini, which is my biggest solo hit.It seems you've hardly had a break the last decade. As far as I can remember, the last break I took was in 2000 for about five months because I was getting tired of playing supporting roles and wanted to actually be choosy about my characters before making a comeback. After that, it's been all work. Even now, I'm running late by two and half years in terms of committed projects. So I can't think of a break in the near future.Superstars in other industries, especially after two decades of experience and a large fan base, are being more selective, taking up just two films a year... You can't compare Malayalam cinema to the other film industries. For them, one or two movies a year would be enough because the market is big and their remuneration multi-fold. That is not the case in our industry. Here, if you are an actor, you are relevant only as long as you have work. You can't go on living by your past performances. It doesn't matter that I've had 13 hits once upon a time. What people look for is if my recent films did well at the BO. There's this saying in our industry, that 'there are no yesterdays here, what is today is tomorrow.'You have had a fair bit of success as a producer. Where does the business acumen come from? It runs in the family. My father and grandfather were businessmen. In fact, my grandfather was a fairly successful contractor and had established the first oil mill in our hometown, apart from other ventures. So I had no inhibitions about entrepreneurship. The obvious choice for me was cinema because that's what I love. It's a high-risk venture but it gives me the mental satisfaction of returning something that has been given to me. Plus, you look at the audience's outlook for pointers.Coming up... Baba Satya Sai will begin by February and it's a big project that would take substantial amount time next year. I also have Sound Thoma, Manthrika Thakkol, Valayar Paramasivam, a Ranjith movie, and another big project, which is too early to announce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17826504", "title": "Toll free helpline for women in distress", "text": "SURAT: City police have launched a toll free 24-hour telephone helpline for women to provide immediate help in case of sexual assault or any other trouble.A woman can call on 1091 from landline or mobile phone in the event of trouble and the police control room will be immediately intimated.At preset, the existing police control room staff will respond to the calls on the helpline number. Subsequently, women police personnel will be trained in this duty. The helpline is being operated from police control room.Meanwhile, the city police are also planning to start unarmed combat training for women. The training will be imparted to interested women for free on Saturdays and Sundays. The women will be trained to save themselves during crimes like rape, eve-teasing and chain snatching. The training will be imparted at the police headquarters in Athwalines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17824224", "title": "With winter at its best, Ranchi residents in fun and frolic mood", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Misty morning hours, warm and sunny afternoons and chilly evenings, this is the perfect time to go for picnics. With winter at its best and vacations still on at schools and colleges, residents of the city are making the most of the opportunity by spending the better part of their days at their favourite picnic spots.Roads leading to the city's hotspots such as Dimna Lake and Jubilee Park are abuzz with activity with motorists heading towards their favourite holiday destinations well before time to occupy their preferred zones for daylong fun, fiesta and frolic over some great food.\"Thousands of people come to Dimna Lake everyday and if one doesn't plan coming here before the rest, it becomes difficult to find an ideal spot for picnic. Therefore, one can see a steady stream of visitors since the wee hours of the morning,\" said Srinivas Deo, a Pursudih resident and railway employee who was one of the first few to reach Dimna Lake with his family at 7.30am on Saturday. Jubilee Park, located in the centre of the city, is highly sought after by the locals as well tourists coming here from other states. Such is the rush that it is common to find people jostling for space if they arrive beyond 11am. \"Don't be surprised if you are greeted by a scene where two parties are seen squabbling with each other for space,\" said a security personnel on duty.Though there has been an addition to the existing parks with Telco Theme Park and Suryadham Park in Baridih in the list of the holiday spots, but the traditional strongholds, Dimna Lake and Jubilee Park, remain popular choices.\"Dimna Lake and Jubilee Park have a safe environment with police always present at the two sites. Besides, the availability of budget transport (auto-rickshaws) near the two picnic spots are an added attraction,\" said 47-year-old Md Kafil, resident of Dhatkidih,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17825128", "title": "Truck's brakes were fine, say mechanics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The mechanical examination of the impounded truck on Sunday nailed the lie of its driver Jaspal Singh, a resident of Mohali, that his vehicle's breaks had failed when it plowed into eight vehicles resulting in the death of a software engineer Ajinder Singh at the railway light point on December 28.The examination, which was conducted by a team of special mechanics, said, \"The rear brakes of the truck were in working condition, while the front ones had low pressure, which might have been due to the impact of the accident.\"The team also said that the truck might have been going at a speed of 80km per hour when it rammed into eight vehicles including four cars, a motorcycle, a cycle and two scooters. The examination was conducted after starting the damaged truck with a duplicate key at the Daria police post.After being caught after the accident at the railway light point, Jaspal pleaded before policemen that brakes of his truck had failed and that was why he had failed to stop it at the light point. Police officials said the mechanical report of the truck would be attached along with the chargesheet against the accused at the local court. Inspector Narinder Patial said the report has confirmed that the accused was lying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824602", "title": "Alleged surrogate mom's rape complaint is false: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city's Mahila police station officials probing a surrogate mother's rape complaint lodged in July have now ruled that the complaint was fake.The crime branch has sent a B-Summary report to the court concerned, which means that the victim had filed a dubious complaint against her boyfriend.The 30-year-old woman had filed the complaint with the mahila police station which functions under the city crime branch. She had accused a police constable's son, Rajkumar Jadav who she claimed had employed her services for a child.She was admitted to the Civil Hospital for treatment. According to the woman, Rajkumar had abducted her and raped her at his residence in Nadiad.During the course of the investigation though, circumstances changed as the woman accompanied by the accused met the crime branch officials and sought to withdraw the complaint. \"The woman claimed that she had not been raped,\" said an official of the Mahila police station. \"She also said that she had romantic links with Rajkumar and that the complaint was a fallout of a disagreement.\"The crime branch officials said that the woman's claim that she was a surrogate mother also turned out to be fake.\"Her child was from her first husband,\" said a crime branch official. \"The baby was delivered at a clinic in Ahmedabad. We have reasons to believe that this baby was sold to a couple by the woman for money. We are trying to track down the baby now.\" Another crime branch official said, \"We have filed a final report in the rape complaint. However, now our investigation is focused on tracking down the missing baby. We are also probing on the illegal sale of the baby.\"Once this portion of the probe is completed a fresh FIR will be filed against those who were involved in the illegal delivery and sale of the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17827652", "title": "Google pays tribute to Delhi braveheart", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google has joined millions of Indians in paying tribute to the 23-year-old Delhi gang-rape victim.Google India's homepage features a candle just below the search option box with a mouse over text reading 'In memory of the Delhi braveheart'.The 23-year-old gang-rape victim, who passed away in a Singapore hospital on Saturday following a strong 13-day battle against death, was assaulted on December 16 on a moving bus in the national capital.The brutal incident ignited massive protests across the nation with demand for severe punishment for the culprits and change in the law concerning crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17832049", "title": "Mumbai sniff outright win, almost in quarters of Ranji", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Mumbai are all but sure to make the quarterfinals of the Ranji Trophy as they took a huge 203-run lead against Gujarat and then reduced the visitors to 159 for five in their second innings on the third day of their Group A match on Monday.Mumbai can even force an outright win if they take the remaining five Gujarat wickets early and then overhaul the target quickly.Gujarat are still trailing by 44 runs with Manprit Juneja (39) at the crease.Gujarat skipper Parthiv Patel and Manprit steadied the ship after the visitors lost three early wickets. They added 78 runs for the fourth wicket at the D Y Patil Stadium.Centurion in the first innings' Patel scored a run-a-ball 47, packed with four fours and a six, before being caught in the first slip by Wasim Jaffer .Gujarat soon lost Rujul Bhatt (8), who came into bat for Patel in the last over, with Juneja still batting at 39.Pacer Javed Khan, who shared the new ball with Dhawal Kulkarni , and Ankeet Chavan scalped two wickets each while Suryakumar Yadav picked up a wicket.Earlier in the day, Mumbai added 124 runs to their overnight score of 323 and were bundled out at lunch for 447.Suryakumar Yadav (42) and Abhishek Nayar shared a 45-run partnership before Yadav was trapped leg before by Kushang Patel.Nayar, unconquered at 72, batted well in the company of Zaheer Khan and struck nine fours. The duo shared a 48-run stand for the last wicket.Mumbai suffered a set back when skipper Zaheer Khan got hit on his leg by bowler Ishwar Choudhury and took treatment to resume his batting. He got out at 11, hitting two fours but was not on field when Gujarat came out to bat for the second time around. Khan had picked up two wickets in he first innings.Rush Kalaria and Kushang Patel grabbed three wickets each to help their side go through the Mumbai batting order.Brief Score:Gujarat: 244 and 159/5 (Parthiv Patel 47, Manpreet Juneja 39 batting; Javed Khan 2/22, Ankeet Chavan 2/59)Mumbai 1st Innings 447 all out (Wasim Jaffer 171, Hiken Shah 82; Rush Kalaria 3/80, Kushang Patel 3/79)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824206", "title": "Cash transfer in all districts in Jharkhand by mid 2013", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Sunday announced that all districts in Jharkhand would be covered under direct cash transfer (DCT) programme by the mid of next year and the first phase would cover four districts. The minister was on a four-day trip to the state's Maoist-hit areas and visited Latehar district on Sunday.\"In the first phase, we have included Ranchi, Ramgarh, Hazaribag and Saraikela-Kharsawan districts where DCT programme will be launched on January 1. Our efforts will be to cover all the 24 districts in the state by May,\" said the minister during his visit to Chandwa.Under DCT, cash would be directly provided to beneficiaries entitled for scholarship, pension for the elderly and the disabled and other welfare projects through Aadhaar.\"The 12-digit Aadhaar number will soon be given to every individual. Beneficiaries will get their entitled cash in hand instead of transfer of money through bank or post office accounts,\" he said. Earlier, the beneficiaries had to go to the nearest bank or post office to get the money.The minister assured that very soon a new list of families living below poverty line would be released.The mistakes in the list made in 2002 would be rectified, he said. Ramesh also inspected some irrigation projects and working under women self-help groups.Later in the day, the minister had a review meeting with district administration officials to assess implementation of development works.Sources said the minister was satisfied with the progress of development work implemented in the district.\"The minister also tried to collect information about the proposed Sarju Development Plan that will be on the lines of the ongoing Saranda Development Plan in West Singhbhum district,\" said a source.The union minister will visit Palamu and Garhwa district over the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17830100", "title": "BJP suggests chemical castration, death penalty for rapists", "text": "KOCHI: Against the backdrop of the Delhi gang-rape incident, BJP on Monday suggested maximum punishment to the accused in rape cases-- either death penalty or chemical castration.\"There should be maximum punishment to the rapists, death penalty or emasculation (chemical castration of the rapist),\" senior BJP leader Venkiah Naidu told reporters here.His suggestions come close on the heels of Congress proposing castration for rapists. In a draft bill for a tougher law to check crimes against women which could also include chemical castration in rare cases, the Congress has proposed imprisonment up to 30 years for rape convicts.Lashing out at the UPA, Naidu said the 'insensitivity, indecision and inaction' of Congress-led government has sent a 'wrong signal' in the country that the political class, especially the Parliament system had failed to rise to the occasion.Naidu said a similar suggestion for deterrent punishment of chemical castration had been made by the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs chaired by him. The proposals had been submitted before the home ministry and suggestions from the home and law ministries were being awaited. The committee's next meeting would be held on January 4, he said.The Delhi gang rape incident had revealed the government's 'casual approach', he said.For four days the Union home minister was 'evasive' and 'casual' in his responses to the persistent demands of members of both Houses of Parliament and took several days to announce the setting up of the judicial commission and suspension of some junior police personnel, Naidu charged.The Prime Minister did not address the nation for seven days, he said, adding, all this showed the government's 'casual approach' on an important issue. The Congress president had not reacted to the incident till Sunday, he said.Naidu also flayed the police action against the protesters.Demanding setting up of fast track courts in every district and trial to be completed within three months which should be in camera, Naidu said there should be speedy disposal of sex offence cases.Sensitising the police and the senior officer of the area must be made accountable for any atrocities against women, he said.Naidu also blamed violence in movies and television serials for increasing crimes against women. The role of cinema and TV serials need to be reviewed and scenes of violence, vulgarity, obscenity, and provocative dialogues need to be checked, he said.Calling for strict code of self-conduct, he said cinema and serials have tremendous impact on real life. \"We also need to bring in changes in our education system to inculcate family values, remind the youth of our culture and respect for women,\" he said.Pointing out that the Women's Reservation bill had been pending for long and it was time to take it up on an urgent basis, he said BJP would support any initiative of the government in this regard.Police reforms, judicial reforms and increasing women's participation in police force are overdue, he said.The BJP reiterated its demand for convening of a special session of Parliament to discuss the issues in depth and make relevant changes in law and send a strong message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826172", "title": "Sriganganagar shivers at 0.6\u00c2\u00b0C, coldest in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Severe cold condition gripped the border districts of the state on Sunday with Sriganganagar remaining the coldest and recording a minimum temperature of 0.6 degrees Celsius. Normal life and traffic was disturbed following the cold accompanied with fog in Sriganganagar and some other parts of the state.People living in Sriganganagar witnessed its minimum temperature almost at the freezing point and it was a curfew like situation in the district.The roads and public places in Sriganganagar region wore an empty look. The dense fog in the border district also affected the visibility. Some of the important trains connecting Sriganganagar to Punjab and Delhi were cancelled while many others were running late by 6 to 9 hours, according to the railway sources.Attributing the continued dip in the mercury to the active northerly winds the Met office said that the ongoing spell of biting cold will continue in the state for next couple of days.Jaipurities woke up amidst dense fog and icy cold conditions as the city experienced a minimum temperature of 8.5 degrees Celsius. The afternoon too was cloudy and the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 21.2 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees below the normal maximum temperature. Though clouds witnessed throughout the day, it did not convert into rains.Most of the early morning Jaipur-bound trains were running late and a heavy rush of passengers waiting for their trains to various destinations was seen at Jaipur Junction and other railway stations.Some of the early morning Jaipur-bound flights from Delhi landed late, however no major diversions of flights took place at the Jaipur airport, according to the airport officials, Jaipur.Sriganganagar was followed by Bikaner that recorded a minimum temperature of 2.4 degrees Celsius, Pilani 2.6, Mount Abu 3, Churu 4.5, Jaisalmer 6.1, Barmer 6.5, Jodhpur 7.8, Chittorgarh 8.6, Udaipur 10.2, Ajmer 10.3 and Kota recorded a minimum temperature of 11.7 degrees Celsius.In its forecast the Met office said that dense fog and scattered rain are likely to occur at many parts in the eastern Rajasthan while mercury will continue to take a dip across the state in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824366", "title": "Congress moots chemical castration for rapists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country is likely to have a tougher anti-rape law by mid-February.Acting with a sense of urgency, the UPA is considering bringing an ordinance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ahead of the budget session to amend the anti-rape law \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for implementing the recommendations of the Justice J S Verma Committee constituted by the government after the horrific Delhi gang-rape on December 16 shook the nation's consciousness.The panel, which was set up on December 25 to rewrite the rape laws, has been tasked with submitting its report within 30 days.Congress, too, is working on several proposals for tougher punishment for rape convicts which include imprisonment up to 30 years and chemical castration in case of repeated offenders.\"The proposals are yet to be finalized. We want strong law against such heinous crimes,\" party sources said.The setting up of fast track-courts to decide the cases of sexual assault within three months is likely to be part of the ruling party's proposal.TOI in its December 19 edition had suggested a six-point action plan to tackle such heinous crimes that included chemical castration that will make a rapist incapable of sexual arousal.Congress leaders feel that changing the law is a political imperative since it can appease the anger and help blunt the hostility of youth directed against the government and the ruling party. The anger was reflected on Saturday when protestors booed Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit at Jantar Mantar despite trying to insulate herself by deftly shifting the blame on the Delhi Police, which is controlled by the Centre.The concern was visible as the Congress top brass, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , went to the IGI Airport at 3.30am on Sunday morning to receive the body of 23-year-old Nirbhaya, who was flown in from Singapore.Gandhi and the PM have said that justice will be meted out in a timely manner to the men who committed the crime, and laws will be made more stringent to check atrocities against women.Gandhi wants fast-track courts to try rape cases and award punishment in three months to ensure speedy justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17823540", "title": "Inspection of marriage gardens from today", "text": "INDORE: In response to High Court orders on parking facility at marriage gardens, the district administration is going to start survey and inspection of marriage gardens of Indore from Monday. It has already served seven-day ultimatum to marriage gardens to either make arrangements for parking or face action.ADM Alok Singh said marriage gardens have emerged as major obstacles for traffic as they block the road or service roads by parking vehicles of guests. He further said as per the HC order, every marriage garden, lawn and dharamshala should reserve 35 per cent of their space for parking. But as of now, most of the marriage gardens are not following this guideline and vehicles are parked on the road.Administration has formed six teams comprising SDM, police officials and civic officials that will inspect and survey marriage gardens for the next three-day and then given them suggestions and orders for making parking arrangements. After that marriage gardens will be given three-day time to make sufficient arrangements as per the order. Finally from January 5, administration will start to seal the marriage gardens who will fail to comply by the order.The district administration had identified nearly 70 marriage gardens mainly on Bypass, Ring Road and near Choithram that have emerged as major obstacles for traffic movement.Administration said under the rule, marriage gardens should have 35 per cent of their areas earmarked as parking space and it should be separated from garden areas with a boundary wall. There should be separate gate for parking area and a separate gate for entry and exit of people. Name of gardens should be written prominently and gardens should have signage to guide people towards parking area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17832022", "title": "Surface water-based drinking water schemes promoted in rural areas", "text": "BHOPAL: As many as 1000 schemes were sanctioned during the year 2012 under the Chief Minister's Drinking Water Scheme. A decision was taken to fix 3 per cent amount for people's participation in rural piped water schemes in general villages and one per cent in scheduled tribes-dominated villages. This year, 131 rural drinking water schemes were also sanctioned, according to a press release here on Monday.Besides drinking water arrangements in villages, special attention is also being paid to water quality. The department has allocated Rs 10 crore in its budget for providing piped water connections to maximum number of houses in the villages where piped water schemes are being implemented.With a view to running piped water schemes continuously in rural areas, the department decided to install solar water pumps in 1200 habitats in 5 selected districts this year. Some of these habitats are situated in Balaghat district's Maoism-affected villages.At the budget session of the year 2012, Public Health Engineering Department Minister Gaurishankar Bisen had announced to install 25 hand pumps each in each assembly constituency in the state. So far, 2000 hand pumps have been successfully installed under the scheme.A sum of Rs 100 crore has been sanctioned for 1287 piped water schemes in 6 districts of Bundelkhand region in the state. A decision has also been taken to complete schemes sanctioned under Bundelkhand Package positively during this financial year.This year, a decision was also taken to construct 3200 water structures for increasing groundwater level in rural areas. This year, it was also decided to set up development block-level water quality testing labs in 32 big development blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825523", "title": "Aurangabad citizens vow to continue fight", "text": "AURANGABAD: They were angry and sorrowful, but also determined. Hundreds of Aurangabadkars came out on the streets on Sunday morning to continue the fight for justice for 23-year-old Nirbhaya, who lost her battle for life on Saturday.People of all age groups marched from Nirala Bazaar, via Aurangpura, Khadkeshwar, to the police commissionerate, in solidarity with Nirbhaya. \"I am grieved, pained and angry. Her death has left us with a long fight ahead for the rights and dignity of women. We are fed up of these attacks. Several women are raped in the country every day because nobody is scared of punishment. If police can stop us from protesting, why they can't prevent attacks on women?\" questioned 91-year-old freedom fighter Chandaben Zariwala.\"Strict action such as chemical castration should be taken against the perpetrators,\" she added. The march was organised by various organisations, such as the Sajag Mahila Sangharsh Samiti, Sakar and Family Counselling Centre.Deepak Patil, a businessman who was part of the rally, said, \"We've lost a bright girl to our system. It's a wake-up call for the police and politicians. The comments made by our President's son have shown the mindset of our politicians and their lack of respect for women. Why don't we see any MLAs or MPs protesting here? They don't care about our sisters and daughters.\"Entrepreneur Jyoti Dashrathe and social activist Charulata Rojekar said, \"The culprits should be given strict punishment, so that others are deterred from committing such crimes.\"Student Swati Godbole and her mother Hemlata were in tears as they protested silently. \"When I heard of Nirbhaya's death, I felt I'd lost my daughter. I'm committed to fight for justice for her,\" said Hemlata.Sister Shirin, a nun and activist from the Assisi Ashaniketan Special School said, \"I'm still trying to understand the pain and trauma she and her family must have gone through. Such attackers don't even spare girls with learning difficulties. It is high time that they are given severe punishment.\"The determination was evident in all those who had gathered. \"Nirbhaya may have lost her battle for life, but the message for us is to continue the fight till justice is done. Our system has been insensitive towards women and weaker sections of society. This has to change now. We should be able to allow our daughters to go out freely and not shackle them at home,\" said Ajit Dalvi, a theatre personality.\"This movement has given strength to those people who were complaining among themselves till now; they are now voicing their opinions. This is a reminder for politicians who took people for granted to become accountable,\" he said.Activist Shashikala Khobre said that rape should be considered as a non-bailable offence and culprits should be kept in police custody till they are proven innocent.Expressing her anguish while referring to a comment made by a women scientist at a conference in Madhya Pradesh, lawyer Megha Deshmukh said, \"How can a woman in such a responsible position say that the girl would have suffered less if she had relented? It is sickening that a woman cannot understand the severity of the incident.\"Echoing the sentiments, Seema Jakete said, \"It is time for film actresses to put their foot down and refuse offers for 'item songs'.\"Her spirit still lives onStudents from the Manikchand Pahade Law College and National Service Scheme Unit also took part in the march to the police commissionerate. \"Now that she's dead, the government may think the public will forget. But the outcry won't stop, we won't let her spirit die,\" said Komal Dhakne, a student.Nearly 150 students came together \"to show light to the dark side of humanity\". Students also called for muted New Year celebrations, as a mark of respect for Nirbhaya.They demanded that the government convene a special parliament session to bring in stricter laws. \"We condemn everything that's happened till now. We'll raise our voices and keep fighting for justice,\" said the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825929", "title": "Regeneration of captive services to lead IT growth", "text": "PUNE: The coming year will prove to be an inflection point for the Indian information technology industry as players will have to seek new ways to approach their business niches in the light of increased stress on economic resources, rising customer expectations and democratisation of technology through proliferation of telecom devices.An innovation-led approach resulting in greater customer benefit will come to the forefront, as customer-facing sectors such as automobile, retail or healthcare will seek novel ways to reach their end-use customers in 2013, experts have observed.Globalisation and market expansion advisory firm Zinnov has said 'regeneration' will be the next growth frontier for captive centres in India, as it is getting exponentially difficult to derive further efficiencies in the current form and manner of setting up captive centres. For the last seven to eight years, the captive centres of large BFSI and retail players as well as some large engineering R&D; captive centres have been delivering a wide range of services. But the only way to derive further efficiencies is by outsourcing to a partner.Service providers are out on a shopping spree and a viable captive centre is something that will interest them. Given that the economic pressures are expected to continue into 2013, divesting a portion of a mature captive operation that commands a good premium could also be a definite booster to the financial statements, Zinnov has said.According to the firm, there will be a spike in engineering R&D; and overall solutioning demand for affordable products - especially in housing, cars, medical devices and internet mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. \"With shrinking wallets and increasing budget cuts all around, customer choices across both the developed and emerging markets are likely to shift to function over form. Service providers can now channelise frugal engineering, open source capabilities and predictive analytics to create compelling industry-specific solutions,\" Zinnov has said.Big Data and analytics are changing how traditional companies serve their customers and are opening up great possibilities for the future. Zinnov chief executive officer Pari Natarajan said, \"Today the Indian technology industry is at an inflection point where innovation must have transformative rather than incremental impact. The Indian technology ecosystem has matured to a point where multinational organisations across verticals are looking to leverage our knowledge, skill sets and capabilities in new technologies and frugal engineering. In 2013, service providers can capitalise on this interest with customised, affordable product offerings, while multinationals will look at developing differentiated, technology-enabled products that address local problems.\"Andrew Till, senior vice-president of smartphones and consumer electronics, Symphony Teleca, said, \"The new year will see a fundamental reshaping in the way commercial software and software-related products are built and deployed in a rapidly merging environment of the cloud, mobility and analytics. Software manufacturers will move towards verticalisation, building software for niche segments and specialised application areas. The Indian economy is irrevocably shifting from services to product engineering, with near field communication and mobilisation leading the trend.\"Symphony Teleca has predicted major shifts in the market in 2013, such as computing becoming task-centric, increased emphasis on voice recognition enablement technologies, consumers demanding federated control of their identities across platforms and devices and growth in the number of consumers using their mobile devices to perform impulse or opportunity-driven purchases.According to the firm's report, there will be continued growth in use of tablets in the enterprise and more enterprise apps would be developed for tablets in particular. \"Companies will start to consider the devices and technologies necessary for increased collaboration, where employees can not only access material via the tablet but can also use it as a mutual working station,\" the report has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824541", "title": "LPG connections: KYC deadline ends, 80% users comply", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 80% of households and commercial establishments have submitted the Know Your Customer (KYC) forms for LPG connecttions ahead of the deadline on Monday, say oil company officials.Officials of the oil companies say they are unlikely to extend the KYC deadline any further. The deadline of the KYC has been deferred four times already. Oil companies had initially asked dealers to collect and verify the forms by October 15. The deadline was later extended to October 31, then to November 15 and November 30 and finally to December 31.A senior IOC official said: \"Customers who are holding more than two connections have to submit the forms to dealers by December 31. If they fail to submit the KYC forms, those connections will be put in non-domestic exempted category.\"Subsidised LPG costs 398 per 14.2-kg cylinder in Chennai and additional requirements for domestic use have been priced at 890. A cylinder for non-domestic use is charged at the commercial rate of 1,317. The KYC effort is meant to weed out illegal multiple connections following the Centre's decision to cap supply of subsidised LPG to six cylinders per household a year. A household is permitted to have only one connection (two cylinders) under the modified LPG Control Order, 2000.Sources said there are nearly 20 lakh illegal multiple connections among the 91 lakh connections in the state. The oil companies have identified 70% of the multiple connections.Regular customers need not panic as the deadline is only for \"suspected multiple connections\". Others can fill the form even after the deadline.All India Indane Distributors' Association general secretary C G Krishnamoorthy said there has been good response to the KYC initiative from Tamil Nadu as compared to other states. \"The government has already extended the KYC deadline four times,\" Krishnamoorthy said.\"Customers who are yet to submit the KYC forms should give to the respective distributor by December 31.\"Oil company officials said new connections will be issued after the government completes the KYC process and checks for illegal multiple connections. Sources said that the waiting list for the fresh connections in Tamil Nadu alone has crossed 15,000.\"Only those consumers whose names appear on the transparency portal of the respective oil companies have to submit the KYC forms. KYC is also mandatory for new connections and transfer and regularisation of existing LPG connections. It is also needed for reactivation of blocked connections,\" an oil company official said.He said only three cylinders would be given to domestic consumers at a subsidised rate between September 2012 and March 2013.Customers, Take NoteIf you are a tenant, the local distributors will physically verify your address and the different connections that you and your landlord possess. KYC is asked to be done for new customers too and for those who want to regularize the connection in their name.What The Rules SayOnly one connection (two cylinders) allowed per household as per LPG Control Order, 2000 issued under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 Customers need to fill up these forms with photographs, proof of identity and address which will help us find genuine connectionsPricesThere are four different prices of LPG now, one for the subsidised cylinder, a second for the extra cylinders a household may buy after exhausting the quota of six, a third for charitable and other institutions and a fourth for commercial use such as in hotels.Domestic subsidised cylinder: Rs 398Domestic non-subsidised cylinder: Rs 890Domestic exempted category cylinder: Rs 1,317Commercial: Rs 1,840.50 per 19 kg cylinder.(Prices in Chennai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828731", "title": "'The Attacks of 26/11' selected for Berlin film fest", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's new film The Attacks of 26/11 has been selected for Berlin International Film Festival.Producer Parag Sanghvi says he is honoured to be part of the prestigious festival.\"I am happy that I convinced Ramu to make this film in the first place and it is an honour for us to have our film at the prestigious Berlin Film Festival. It is a matter of prestige for us that we are both in the Panorama as well as the Competition section, and to get invited itself is a very big thing,\" Sanghavi told IANS.The Attacks of 26/11 is produced by Alumbra Entertainment and Eros International and directed by Varma.The shooting of the film is complete and is currently in post-production stage. It will release in theatres March 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17827852", "title": "Fog disrupts flight operations at Delhi's IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog enveloped the Indira Gandhi International Airport here on Monday morning, disrupting the schedule of around 40 flights.Overnight around 16 flights were delayed. Around five flights were cancelled either due to operational reasons or due to poor weather, an airport official said.Fog started to descend on the airport from Sunday night but it started to become dense around 7am, forcing authorities to implement low visibility procedures.Dense fog returned to the capital on Sunday after a four-day lull, affecting over 130 flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17825832", "title": "5 atheletes suspended for lewd remarks", "text": "BHOPAL: The state sports department has suspended five junior players, including a national medallist of the equestrian academy, for allegedly making indecent remarks on some female players.\"On Saturday evening, five players of the equestrian academy were asked to vacate the hostel at around 8,\" sources said. \"The suspension took place on a complaint by girls of the fencing academy.\"When contacted, sports director Dr Shailendra Shrivastava said the department won't tolerate any indiscipline. \"The final decision will be taken after the disciplinary committee submits the report,\" he told TOI.One of the suspended players, on condition of anonymity said, \"I was asked to vacate the hostel without citing a reason at 8 in the night. The complaints were filed against unidentified players and my name did not figure in the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828217", "title": "First look of Siddharth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Jabardasth", "text": "Here's a sneak peak of the first look of Siddharth-Samantha starrer Jabardasth. The romantic entertainer has Nandini Reddy wielding the megaphone and Nithya Menen in a pivotal role. 'It's a love story but we worked hard on the script to add loads of fun moments to design it as a wholesome entertainer and attract all sections of the audience', says Bellamkonda Suresh who is producing the film under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions.Jabardasth is done with the shooting part and the film is in post production stage. The film's unit is planning to launch the audio in January and aim for a grand release in February. SS Thaman has rendered the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830940", "title": "2012, one of my best years in ATP circuit: Rohan Bopanna", "text": "NEW DELHI: He was unwittingly dragged into the biggest controversy to rock Indian tennis this year, but ace doubles player Rohan Bopanna still considers the past 12 months as \"one of the best\" of his career.\"It's been a great year with all the ups and downs. It's definitely one of my best years as I defended my Paris Masters title, making the World Tour finals, playing the Olympics, winning a 500 event in Dubai and reaching two Master series finals. It's been one of my best years on Tour,\" Bopanna said in an interview.Bopanna was involved in an ugly selection row with the AITA ahead of the London Olympics involving his then partner Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes .After the Olympics, Bopanna and Bhupathi were banned by the AITA for not abiding by the selector's decision although the court had stayed that decision later on.Bopanna won the BNP Paribas Paris Masters and Dubai Duty Free tournament while ended runners-up in Barclays ATP World Tour Doubles Finals, ATP World Tour Masters 1000 Shanghai and ATP World Tour Masters 1000 Cincinnati partnering Bhupathi in a largely successful year which helped the 32-year-old Bangalorean swell his Doubles career titles tally to seven.Bopanna, who would be seen in action at the Aircel Chennai Open with new partner Rajeev Ram , said the 18th edition of the tournament boasts of a formidable doubles line-up.\"It's a very formidable doubles line-up. Every year, it has been a tough field and 2013 also you have Bhupathi/Daniel Nestor and Paes/Roger Vaselin in action. Stanislas Wawrinka is also a formidable name who always play doubles with Frank Dancevic from France.\"There are couple of young teams also out there who have been playing the doubles for a while. It's going to be a tough tournament from the first round itself, so we can't slack at any time. I am looking forward to a good start to the season,\" he said.Bopanna parted ways with his long-term mentor and doubles partner Bhupathi after the season-ending ATP Tour Finals last month and paired up with American Ram for the 2013 season.And Bopanna now hopes to launch the newly-formed Indo-American duo's campaign at the Chennai Open on a winning note.\"It's our first tournament and it's just about getting used to a new partner and know each other well. I played with him once in 2008, it still takes time to get adjusted with somebody new. Hopefully we can start off with a bang (in Chennai),\" he said.\"Every tournament we play, we want to win it. We have to reach a level where getting into the third round or reaching the quarters does not cut the ice. We are definitely looking to go all the way and finish right on the top of every tournament we play. That's the goal we will set in at the beginning of every tournament and hoping to lift the trophy at the end of the week,\" he added.Bopanna said Chennai has always been a special hunting ground for him and he has a special liking for the southern city.\"Chennai has been a very special hunting ground for me. There have been a lot of memories. This is the place from where it all began. I won my first singles title at a national tournament. I won my futures title in singles here, then took India to the World Group beating Brazil in the Davis Cup,\" he said.\"It's a special place where I always love to play. People are really friendly out here and love to watch tennis. That really brings the best out of me,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825349", "title": "Discoms plan hefty power tariff hike for 2013-14", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the state government expressing its inability to increase the subsidy for the debt-ridden electricity distribution companies, the domestic and industrial consumers in the state are all set to bear the brunt of the power tariff hike that the discoms have planned for the financial year 2013-14.With chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy having cleared the hike proposal put forth by the discoms, the same is slated to be presented to the AP Energy Regulatory Commission (APERC) on Monday in the form of Annual Revenue Requirement (ARR) for clearance. The burden on the consumer would increase by about 15-20% on the existing tariff.Of the total revenue requirement of Rs 18,200 crore, the state has agreed to provide a subsidy component of Rs 6,000 crore but refused to increase it as sought by the discoms. With the state refusing to bail out the discoms, the revenue gap that the four distribution companies are facing stands at Rs 12,200 crore. The stubborn stand taken by the finance department has made the discoms jittery, as they were hesitant to go for a massive tariff hike for the second consecutive year.\"Now we have to impose additional burden on the power consumers. It may vary from 15 to 20% from that of last year's hike,\" said the sources in the discoms. The tariff hike will be 0.50 paise to 0.80 paise on domestic consumers and Re 1 to Rs 1.50 on commercial and industrial consumers.The Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA), which till now was charged quarterly, will henceforth be made part of the tariff hike so that the discoms need not go to the ERC every quarter for permission to collect FSA. According to sources, the discoms are more worried over the collection of FSA dues which were stayed by the AP High Court.Even the permitted FSA for the first quarter of 2012-13 has not been collected fully due to the court order. \"As a result, we will have to adjust this amount in the next financial year along with the tariff hike and this would burden the consumers heavily,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824346", "title": "Promises galore, but no rollout", "text": "The year started with a bang when in February 2012 the Supreme Court allowed the Delhi government to issue permits to another 45,000 autorickshaws.SC even allowed the transport department to move it again for more autorickshaws if required. However, the project has fallen by the wayside by the end of the year. The department is battling complaints of long delays in getting new autos in the backdrop of a flourishing nexus between dealers and private financers.The government's promise of a safe transport system by making GPS operational in the new autos also remained a pipedream. These are fitted with a GPS-enabled fare meter, but the back-end operations are yet to start.The project - that has been handed over to DIMTS which is handling another failing project, cluster buses - is mired in controversy as autorickshaw unions refuse to use the GPS device unless the fare is revised. The threat seems to have worked with the government setting up a fare revision committee.The government's ambitious bus privatization project has failed to take off properly even over a year after its launch. The original plan of a public transport system of 11,000 buses with mostly cluster buses has been scuttled and the transport department has decided to have cluster-DTC buses in the ratio of 4:6. The cluster scheme will now contribute only 4,000 buses, with less than 500 added by the end of this year instead of the promised 1,000.DTC's own fleet is also being overhauled, which will see introduction of more than new 600 buses.The bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor continued to be in news, with an NGO moving court against the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT. Despite public reservations, the court give the corridor a green signal following a third-party survey. This prompted Delhi government to speed up the plans for a network of 14 BRTs spreading over 350km. Till the end of 2012, another corridor at Karawal Nagar-More Gate was finalized and work is expected to start next year.Most transport projects, however, remianed mired in delays. The Kashmere Gate ISBT, which was closed through most of the year due to renovation, became only partially operational as DIMTS has missed several deadlines. Gramin Sewa vehicles also continued to wreak havoc as the transport department failed to rein in the vehicles. The department's biggest project, the monorail in Delhi, remained on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17830757", "title": "Manufacturing can add to country's GDP", "text": "PUNE: India Inc's aspiration for manufacturing sector is to be the \"Germany of the East\" and not \"Factory to the west,\" a recent survey has found out. The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) - The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) report - titled \"Reigniting India's Quest for Manufacturing Leadership\", talks about the rapidly changing global manufacturing landscape, and the emerging window of opportunity for India. The report stresses that to capture this opportunity, India will have to fix the basic enablers of the manufacturing sector, and look beyond low cost advantage.It adds that while the global slowdown has had an impact, domestic drivers too have played a key role in the current underperformance. High regulatory burden, poor infrastructure, difficulty in land acquisition, inflexible labour laws have all contributed to the decreasing business confidence, evidenced by the dramatic fall in investments in the manufacturing sector.India Inc is well positioned to achieve this aspiration, the report states, adding that the country has the right ingredients - a strong talent pool in science and technology, strengthening quality systems-as evidenced by a string of Deming awards (Indian companies have won over 50% of Deming awards since 2003), and a strong intent to invest in technology, research and development and innovation. However, this starting point has to be backed by the right policy support and investment by companies into strengthening their R&D;, innovation and quality infrastructure, including aggressively re-branding Indian manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17823577", "title": "Rape can't take away a woman's honour: Arundhati Roy", "text": "GUWAHATI: Social activist and Booker Prize winner Arundhati Roy on Sunday said when a woman is raped, she does not lose her honour. \"You cannot take away a woman's honour just because she was raped. It is the feudal mindset of the people that wants to dishonour a rape survivor,\" she said.Roy, a firebrand activist and a feminist, was speaking at an interactive session at the opening of the Northeast Book Fair. In context to the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi, she said the culture of victimizing a rape victim is not healthy. She emphasized on the survival of the victim.\"I grew up watching Malayalam films and in almost every film, a woman is raped or brutally assaulted. Rape is presented in front of our people as entertainment and violence against women is presented as something to enjoy,\" said Roy.Roy also sated that rape is used to maintain a status quo. \"It is a criminal act and how do you deal with such a culture, and that is an important aspect. There are incidents of security personnel raping women, but since they enjoy impunity, no action is taken. Acts like Afspa gives an impetus to such brutality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825257", "title": "Singers lend voice to rising chorus for justice", "text": "LUDHIANA: The movement against the Delhi gang rape saw, among others, Punjabi singers lending their voice to the call for justice. Singer turned actor Diljeet Dosanjh, Deep Dhillon, Ranjeet Kaur Hakam Bakhtriwala and others under the banner of international Lok Gayak Kala Manch, expressed grief and ire at the horrific crime.\"The incident has exposed the failure of the law and order machinery, especially where the safety of women is concerned. The large turn out of people in Delhi speaks volumes about the shock and anger that millions in the country felt,\" said Diljeet Dosanjh.International Lok Gayak Kala Manch president Hakam Bakhtriwala said, \"The incident has seared people across all walks of life. If the government fails to do anything now, it'll face people's wrath.\"Punjabi singer Ranjeet Kaur reiterated the demand for death penalty for the accused. \"Stringent laws are required to ensure the safety of women. And it has to be done now,\" she asserted. Singer Deep Dhillon said protests should continue till concrete action was taken. \"We have to ensure that women are safe when they step outside their homes. What has happened has left us ashamed,\" he said.Pargat Khan, Makahanpreet and other Punjabi singers joined the protests near the office of Diljeet Dosanjh opposite Hotel Fortune Klassic near the bus stand fly over on Sunday afternoon. Holding placards, the singers demanded death penalty for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825909", "title": "Three burglaries in Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Cash and jewellery collectively worth over Rs 6 lakh were stolen in three incidents of house break-ins in Chinchwad in the last few days.In the first case, the flat of one Suchita Jain located in Varsha Garden, Gawade colony, was burgled between December 27 and 29. Jain was out of station when unidentified men broke into the apartment and escaped with cash and jewellery totally worth Rs 4.32 lakh kept in the cupboard. Jain has registered a complaint against the unidentified people with the Chinchwad police station.In the second case, burglars targeted the flats of one Ranjit Sampatrao Pawar (28) and his neighbour Dilip Darmadas Gaikwad, at Shivhari apartments, Indiranagar, Chinchwad. The same modus operandi was used to take away cash and ornaments totalling Rs 2.49 lakh. The incident happened between December 28 and 29. A complaint has been registered.No arrests have been made in either case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17829148", "title": "Indian IT sector: Winners of 2012", "text": "BANGALORE: India's $100-billion IT industry in 2012 saw the emergence of new companies to serve global and local markets and sustained growth, despite tough business conditions.For the bellwethers, the year was a turbulent one with Infosys and Wipro struggling to stay afloat while numero uno TCS withered headwinds to stay ahead even as distant competitor Cognizant challenged their dominance.The industry sustained its growth trajectory despite technology challenges and tough market conditions by adopting new business models, driving organisational efficiencies and offering a host of new services around cloud, mobility, analytics, social media and collaboration in a multi-device connected world.\"European debt crisis, change of guard in China, US presidential elections and slowdown in world economy, including India, have affected the industry's growth rate as discretionary spending and investments for expansion or innovation have been put on hold,\" said a top industry representative.Implementing lessons learnt from previous cycles of ups and downs, especially during the tech meltdown in 2008-10, the industry and especially its bellwethers have consolidated operations, forayed into new domains and diversified service offerings to create multiple revenue streams in traditional and emerging markets.\"A paradigm shift in technology trends and application is leading to emergence of new companies from India to serve global and local markets,\" Som Mittal, National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) president, told IANS.\"The domestic market is also witnessing increasing technology adoption in the government sector and the small and medium enterprise (SME) sector for efficient and faster delivery of services and products.\"The domestic market is expected to grow 13-16 percent this fiscal as against 17 percent last fiscal to Rs.91,800 crore (Rs.918 billion) from Rs.78,600 crore (Rs.786 billion) in 2010-11.Software exports are expected to grow 11 per cent this fiscal to $77 billion despite currency volatility from $69 billion in 2011-12, according Nasscom .The year has, however, been most challenging to global software majors Infosys and Wipro, which have gone through a change in top management and facing the heat of competition from global peers, including TCS and US-based non-resident Indians (NRIs) funded Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation.First time in many years, Infosys halved its annual revenue forecast to five per cent in July in April. Also, its strategic shift to 3.0 version is yet to make impact on its marquee clients for cutting big deals.It bought the Zurich-based consulting firm Lodestone for $349 million (Rs.1,932 crore) September 11 for strategic fit.Sailing in the same boat, Wipro too went through a management rejig and in the process took time to get its act for clinching new deals and driving volume growth.In a strategic move in November, the company decided to hive off its non-IT business into a separate entity from next fiscal (2013-14).In contrast, TCS has been able to maintain double digit growth on annualized basis with better pricing and flexible billing. It also became the first IT major to cross the $10-billion revenue milestone early this year.The industry as a whole managed to grow in double digit this fiscal (2012-13) so far though less than 16 per cent last fiscal (2011-12), unlike the global financial crisis in 2009-10 when the sector's export growth rate slumped to single digit (six per cent).\"We feel the worst is behind us and hope for a turn-around of the global economy in 2013 to fuel higher growth in the industry, as technology is increasingly becoming an integral part of every industry,\" said Mittal.Industry highlights in 2012* Global and local factors affect industry growth rate as IT budgets pared* Industry to maintain double digit growth despite slowdown* Domestic market to grow better than export markets due to steady demand* Infosys &amp; Wipro most affected while TCS &amp; Cognizant breathe easy* TCS first IT firm to cross $10-billion revenue mark", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825179", "title": "Ludhiana women want 'Kareena, Katrina noses'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Can a blanket order do justice to a person's face? That does not seem to be a consideration for the large number of women approaching plastic surgeons to get a nose job done. That much is normal. But the catch is that, most of them want noses like those of Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif. The suitability of the two prototype noses to their faces does not bother them.Those in this line of work say most women in their 20s and 30s ask for Katrina or Kareena noses. Dr Sanjeev K Uppal, professor and head of the Department of Plastic Surgery and Burns at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) said, \"I get two to four requests for nose jobs and 60% of the patients are women. The girls mostly want noses similar to Kareena or Katrina.\"However, Dr Uppal said every face has a unique nose which suits it, because of which only minor adjustments are made. \"I think girls want noses like Katrina's and Kareena's because both the actresses have beautiful noses which complement their face.\" A nose job, he said, costs between Rs 30,000 and Rs.70,000. The procedure takes one to two hours and it takes the patient nine to 10 days to heal.Experts say when women mention Kareena and Katrina noses, they actually mean the nose types.Dr Ravindra Tah, senior consultant plastic surgeon at a private hospital on Ferozepur Road said, \"The women may be naming these actresses while getting the nose job done as they indicate particular nose types. However, a nose job is a serious issue. I don't do such nose jobs. I only do nose jobs that complement the face of the person to be operated. I do operations for small and sharper nose, augmentation of dorson and removal of hump\".Women also take pictures of models to doctors while requesting nose jobs.'Men too want a better nose'Dr Vijat Obed, professor of plastic surgery at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), also said there has been a rise in the number of men opting for nose jobs.\"Five years ago 80% of the patients we received were women. Now, the percentage is equal. Men also want to have a better nose. The number of people seeking a nose job has also increased by 40 to 50% over the last five to 120 years, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825900", "title": "UN chief expresses deep sorrow over Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an indication of the international impact of the Delhi gang-rape and the subsequent protests the United Nations secretary general Ban Ki-moon joined political leaders to express \"deep sorrow'' at the death of the 23-year-old student. Condemning the brutal crime, the secretary-general said that violence against women was unacceptable.In a statement Ban Ki-moon offered his condolences to the family adding, \"Violence against women must never be accepted, never excused, never tolerated. Every girl and woman has the right to be respected, valued and protected.''The secretary-general welcomed the efforts of the Indian government to take urgent action and called for further steps and reforms to deter such crimes and bring perpetrators to justice. The secretary general's spokesperson said, \"He also encourages the Government of India to strengthen critical services for rape victims. UN Women and other parts of the United Nations stand ready to support such reform efforts with technical expertise and other support as required.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17825154", "title": "Cop held for molesting girl in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A traffic police constable was suspended on Sunday for allegedly molesting a girl who came to deposit her challan fee at the traffic police lines in Sector 29. The accused, Jatinder Pal Singh, was arrested on December 29. According to the complainant, when she came to the Police Lines on Saturday, the accused, offered to help her deposit the challan fee. Her police complaint said, \"Constable Singh took the challan slip to the challaning branch and then handed over a slip mentioning three cell numbers, asking her to call him on one of the numbers and he would help her.\"The victim, a college student, said when she questioned the constable, he touched her inappropriately. Police said the girl raised an alarm and got a complaint filed against Singh at a nearby police station. Industrial Area police station SHO Narinder Patial said the accused failed to give a satisfactory reply when questioned and an FIR was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824359", "title": "Heinous crimes dent city's image", "text": "The capital was never deemed a safe city. But 2012 would go down in history as a year that marked a surge in the worst forms of crime that not only blackened the face of the capital, but also shamed the nation.A 23-year-old physiotherapy intern at a city hospital was gang-raped and brutalized by five men and a minor in a chartered bus on December 16. Her friend, who was with Nirbhaya, tried to fight the men off; but he was beaten up with a rod. The two were later stripped and dumped at Mahipalpur, where they were discovered by a passerby. Police then rushed her to Safdarjung Hospital. Over the next 12 days, Delhi became a war zone with protests erupting everywhere and police resorting to violent means to stop them.While all this was happening, Nirbhaya was gradually sinking. The government, for reasons best known to it, decided to fly her out to Singapore where she breathed her last on December 29. Six people were arrested in the case.Falak, a two-year girl, was admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre on January 18 with a fractured skull, broken arms, human bite marks all over her body and cheeks that had been branded by a hot iron. She was brought to the hospital by a 15-year-old girl who claimed to be her mother. On February 15, Falak was reunited with her mother Munni. Baby Falak died on March 15 after a cardiac arrest, her third in three months. Eleven people were arrested in the case.The efficiency of police also came into question after the murders of liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother, Hardeep. It came to light that Hardeep had contacted a PCR van but the problem at his Chhatarpur farmhouse was not taken seriously.Even before this shootout, there were many who felt that the Rs 5-crore Defence Colony heist in a cash van could have been stopped as the accused left glaring trails. Cops also managed to nab four alleged Indian Mujahideen operatives in connection with the Pune serial blasts.Police were often clueless about handling repeated protests by supporters of social activists like Anna Hazare , Arvind Kejriwal and Baba Ramdev in the heart of the city.The city also witnessed a bizarre murder when two men - both spurned lovers - from Swaroop Nagar shot six people before turning the gun on themselves.In several cases, cops failed to make any headway. One such case was the triple murder in Rohini where a girl and her parents were murdered inside their house. The double murder of a retired I&B; ministry officer and his wife at Laxmi Nagar earlier this year is yet to be solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824471", "title": "Many cancel New Year bashes, others to tone them down", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new year is set to begin on a note of grief, mourning and introspection. And that's being reflected in decisions by many clubs, pubs and restaurants across the capital to either call off celebrations or tone them down.Deciding to cancel musical festivities for the New Year, Delhi Gymkhana has asked its 7,000 members to come and light candles in solidarity with Nirbhaya.\"It is a sad day for all. We join the nation in mourning for Nirbhaya and have decided to cancel our New Year celebrations,\" said Colonel OP Malhotra, CEO of Delhi Gymkhana.Ashok Hotel's nightclub, Capitol, said that it would remain on New Year's Eve. Earlier, it had also called off its Christmas celebrations on December 25. Chelmsford Club too decided on Saturday to call of New Year celebrations.The Vasant Vihar Club too has decided to call off celebrations on New Year's Eve. \"Instead, we have asked all residents to join us for a candlelight vigil praying for the departed soul and silently protesting crimes against women, said the president of the club, Air Marshal D S Sabhiki.Sameer Bhagat, joint secretary of the Vasant Vihar Residents Welfare Association said cancelling celebrations involved a revenue loss. \"But let's face it, what happened is a national loss,\" he said.Eateries like Boombox, Out of the Box, Lazeez Affaire and Toast have decided to keep celebrations low key. \"Yes, we are not offering any special packages on New Year's Eve. However the outlet will be open,\" said Priyank Sukhija, owner of Boombox.However, a group of social media enthusiasts has exhorted people to honour Nirbhaya's memory by holding a street party at PVR Anupam, Saket, asking people to \"reclaim the streets and make them safe.\" They have specially invited people to come \"dented and painted\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825816", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited panel to probe metre anomalies", "text": "LUCKNOW:Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited will constitute an inquiry into anomalies detected in the electricity metres installed in homes and commercial establishments.Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited MD AP Mishra said the department will take action against those involved in the tampering of meters. He did not rule out involvement of a department employee in the case.The corporation will also carry out a drive against tampered meters across the state. Mishra said that erring consumers will be slapped with compounding fines in case of power theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831970", "title": "Melanie Pais &amp; Jeetu Malkani in Fear Files", "text": "Melanie Pais of Geet Hui Sabse Parayi fame and Jeetu Malkani popularly known as Pranav of Kahani Ghar Ghar Ghar Ki have been finalized for the upcoming episode of Zee TV's Fear Files.Sources inform that the eerie story is being produced by Contiloe Telefilm's and is about a real-life incident that happened in Jharkhand. The story will revolve around a couple Neeti and Dhruv which is played by popular actors Melanie Pais and Jeetu Malkani. The couple will meet with an accident and will get stuck inside a jungle. There they will come across some people who will perform black magic on them.When contacted, Melanie Pais said, \"Yes, I am doing the show, the character that I will be playing it's really interesting. The entire story revolves around my character so I am really excited about it.\"We also spoke to Jeetu Malkani, who confirmed the news and said, \"I am really excited to be a part of Fear Files and I am looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17824697", "title": "Dombivli victim's family wants case fast-tracked", "text": "DOMBIVLI: The family of Santosh Vichivara (19), who was killed for protesting against the sexual harassment of a girl here on December 4, expressed unhappiness with an order of the Mumbai High Court, which imposed a life sentence in a similar case in Dharavi after 13 years.Barely a year and a half ago, the Vichivara family had lost its head, Vinod. On December 4, Santosh, who had taken on the responsibility of being the three-member family's sole bread-winner, was stabbed to death by five persons, including four minors, at the gate of the Navneet Nagar complex, when he protested.\"I am 44 years old and I am a cancer patient. In the last two years, I have lost my husband and elder son. Since then, I feel weak, and if the court will take 13 years to announce a sentence in my son's case, it will be very sad for me as I may not be alive to see the accused get punished,\" said Vimala, Santosh's mother.Santosh, who used to work as a salesman with a tile company in Mulund, looked after his 15-year-old sister Tanveer and 12-year-old brother Kartik, besides bearing the medical expenses of his mother. Fortunately, the Kutchi Jain Foundation has adopted the family after the December 4 incident.\"If a court takes such a long time to get justice, who will be happy, as 13 years is very long period,\" said Vimala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828858", "title": "Aman Verma's tips on handling a break up", "text": "Actor's Aman Verma's tips on handling a break-up .Don'tsRespect the other person's space and boundary. Back off means back off.Don't try to text message, call or send emails or any communication signals that indicate that you want to be together. That can backfire.Stop stalking the person. Be in a different set of people so that you do not knowingly or unknowingly bump into each other every time.Do'sAaj kal ke zamane mein sms pe love ho jata hai aur sms pe break up ho jaata hai . I have nothing to tell as the sensibilities are way different. But to the rest who feel the same way as I do, stand up for your feelings to say how you exactly feel on your partner's face. Face the situation. Don't stick around out of fear.Get over, start interacting with new people. Get people around you. Get your mind occupied. Keep watching films or go to the library. Pick up an activity that you enjoy and keep yourself busy.Everything that reminds you of your person in your personal space (home or office etc) should be kept aside or thrown away so that the memories don't keep coming back to you.Start visiting places, socialising with different people and show it that you are available. Single and ready to mingle with a little jingle. This will bring confidence to you and yes bring you back on the map.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824349", "title": "Former driver nabbed as cops crack dacoity case", "text": "NAGPUR: It was the former driver, also a criminal, who had provided tip about valuables in his former employers' place at Pragati Colony in Sonegaon leading to daring dacoity earlier this month. The dacoity in the home of advocate Mohanlal Jaiswal had sent a shock wave in the city.Driver Vikas Rahangdale was thrown out of his job when Jaiswals learnt about his criminal past. Crime branch sleuths earlier this year had netted Rahangdale for his alleged involvements in a series of vehicle thefts and also recovered a few stolen bikes. The team of senior inspector Madhao Giri of crime branch again picked him up last week for his alleged role in informing his accomplices and planning the dacoity at Jaiswal's place. The miscreants had decamped with valuables worth Rs 10 lakh.The crime branch had started shortlisting all who could have provided the tip to dacoits. Rahangdale was nabbed following the plan. He spilled the beans. Later, cops rounded up a minor for his links to the gang and also another identified as Rajesh Sahu. Crime branch picked up Sahu from Madhya Pradesh where he had sneaked away with looted gold and cash.Following interrogation, cops brought Vishal Ramteke and Samyak Gajbhiye for their role in the dacoity too. It is learnt five had gone for dacoity but only Ramteke, Gajbhiye, and the minor entered the house. They tied up Mohanlal's wife Shashikala threatening her at knifepoint. Police said the minor held the knife at her throat. Rahangdale and Sahu kept the watch outside the place. Crime branchhave recovered around Rs 1 lakh cash from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826418", "title": "Every ward, taluk to get a 100-bed hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: To strengthen the healthcare delivery system, the state government will set up 100-bed hospitals in every BBMP ward and every taluk in the state. Health minister Aravind Limbavali announced this on Sunday at the inauguration Adamya Chetana Utsava, the four-day annual carnival, organized by Adamya Chetana, a non-profit organization. The carnival is being held at the National High School Grounds in Basavanagudi.Over 2,000 people took part in 22 different competitions and events related to literature, theatre and culture on the first day of the carnival. Street plays, folk arts, bhajana competitions, story telling and quiz were conducted. A blood donation camp in association with Rashtrotthana Blood Bank and Red Cross was also launched at the venue.A book fair has also been organized, which will remain open from 10am to 6pm on all four days. Visitors can pick one book for free at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824266", "title": "HC: Cancelling transfer on MP's instance not permitted in law", "text": "NAGPUR: Coming down heavily on the Mumbai-based Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) for cancelling transfer of its employee on instance of a Member of Parliament, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that such cancellations were not permitted by the law.\"A cancellation of transfer, in utter breach of provisions of the Maharashtra Government Servants Regulation of Transfers and Prevention of Delay in Discharge of Official Duties Act, 2005, that too at the MP's instance, can't be permitted in law,\" a division bench comprising justice Bhushan Gavai and justice Ashok Bhangale ruled, before allowing the petition filed by Mangesh Shaligram.Shaligram was working as a telephone operator in Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital and Research Center in the city for over six years. He was transferred in place of Sanjay Solanki who was working with Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) and latter was posted at his place. Both these transfers were done on May 30 but within a month they were suddenly cancelled by DMER on June 21.A document furnished by DMER to the court revealed that recommendation to cancel the transfer came from Mumbai South Central Constituency MP Eknath Gaikwad, also the father of Maharashtra minister for women and child development Varsha Gaikwad.\"The Act has been enacted so that there is transparency in the transfers of the employees of the state government and those are not affected as per the whims of the authorities concerned,\" the judges further noted.\"If the transfer orders are cancelled, which are effected on the ground of administrative exigencies, after the concerned employees have completed their tenure, only on the message of some MP, the very sanctity of the Act would come in danger,\" the judges tersely remarked while quashing orders of Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT), Nagpur bench, which failed to provide respite to the petitioner on the grounds that the transfer was within the same city.Shaligram then challenged the MAT's order in the higher judiciary contending that the transfer order was cancelled to suit Solanki. Even court endorsed his stand after perusing the records stating that petitioner's transfer order has been cancelled within a short period only on the ground of interference by the MP, which is against the Act.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824209", "title": "Plastic ban comes, but city still chokes", "text": "The year brought some crucial changes to Delhi's environment map. The most important decision the government implemented was the ban on plastic bags. Being more inclusive as it included all kinds of bags and even prohibited manufacturing, it is hoped that the ban will finally bring an end to the use of plastic even as an earlier ban implemented in 2009 proved ineffective.The ban was implemented in the city from November 23. \"Our aim is not to punish but to discourage use of plastic bags,\" said a senior government official. The ban says that no person shall manufacture, import, store, sell or transport any kind of plastic bag inside the National Capital Territory. It stipulates that no person, including a shopkeeper, vendor, wholesaler, retailer, trader and hawker, shall sell or store or use any kind of plastic carry bag for storing or dispensing eatables or non-eatable goods or materials.However, in the absence of viable alternatives, the government has started off only with plastic carry bags. Officials say that they will expand the list of banned items gradually.Manufacturing of plastic was also to come to an end but manufacturers filed a case in the high court and the court has asked the government to respond to their charges. This is the second effort by the Delhi government to ban the plastic bag. In its first attempt in 2009 it had failed to have an effect as Delhi Pollution Control Committee had been the sole agency to conduct monitoring.The year also saw Delhi government being pulled up by the Supreme Court for the degraded condition of the Yamuna even after several thousand crores were spent trying to clean it. The Central Pollution Control Board submitted a scathing report on the failure of the state government berating it for poor management of its sewage treatment plants and failure to provide a sewerage system for the entire city.The year will also be remembered for one of its worst smogs. Massive pollution, combined with poor weather conditions and burning of agricultural fires in neighboring states of Punjab and Haryana saw visibility plummet. Based on levels of particulate matters and oxides of nitrogen, experts say pollution levels have gone back to pre-CNG days. This is being attributed to the city's ever increasing fleet of private vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825765", "title": "Civic bodies fail to pay dues, power utility bleeds", "text": "KOLKATA: Ninety-odd municipalities, especially those which went on a beautification overdrive, have consumed more power but paid very little over the last one and a half years, thus making it difficult for the West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (WBSEDCL) to stay afloat. The Rs 370-crore cash crunch will have a long-term effect and make the utility bleed badly since the government is in no mood to pay up.Keeping their power bills due is nothing new to the government and municipalities. But never before has the default amount reached such a scale. If the erstwhile Left government had defaulted Rs 250 crore in two years, the outstanding bills in the present dispensation has reached Rs 370 crore. The loss incurred in the last one year is Rs 250 crore against the Left Front's annual dues of Rs 125 crore.Sources revealed that most of the municipalities and government departments like minor irrigation, public health engineering, health and police have almost stopped paying or shelling out a pittance while clearing their electricity dues. \"The municipalities are consuming more power because of trident lights. On the other hand, there is total lack of financial discipline among the municipalities and they have simply refused to clear their bills,\" said a senior official.\"We are trying our best to clear the bills. The Left-run body had left a backlog and when we took over in 2010, there was a huge financial burden on us. Still, we have spoken to WBSEDCL and trying to sort things out,\" said Salt Lake municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty. She, however, denied that power bills in her municipality had escalated because of trident lights. \"We have installed only a few (tridents). This is a part of the government policy and I wouldn't comment on it,\" she added.Dulal Das, chairman of Budge Budge municipality, said: \"Some power bills are pending. We haven't installed trident lights, but intend to fix around 600 of them very soon. If the electricity consumption goes up, we shall have to find a way out.\"Meanwhile, Aparna Moulik, chairperson of Baranagar municipality, which has installed trident lights all over the place, admitted that electricity dues were a headache. \"There are so many development projects to be taken up. Where is the money to pay electricity bills?\" she wondered.WBSEDCL, which has over 84 lakh consumers and earns about Rs 15,000 crore a month, is still managing with the cumulative loss of Rs 625 crore over the last three and a half years. But, officials revealed that it will impact its revenue from the next year unless the government intervenes and forces the municipalities and some of its own departments to clear the dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824282", "title": "Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation corporator's home, office vandalized, party workers booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The home and office of a BJP woman corporator and standing committee member of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) were damaged by party workers on Sunday morning. They were protesting her absence from the standing committee chairperson's election that was held two weeks ago.The police registered a case against nine persons, including corporators and BJP's Mira-Bhayander chief. No arrests have been made. As BJP corporator Seema Jain was out of city, the workers blackened her photo on hoardings and wrote derogatory remarks on the walls of her Bansi Tower flat. Around 10.30am, party workers, including BJP corporators, barged into Jain's office. They damaged the furniture and vehicle parked outside. As Jain was not in office, they went to her flat. In the evening, Jain registered a case with Mira Road police. She named the party's Mira-Bhayander chief Narendra Mehta and corporators Suman Kothari, Nayana Vasani, Premnath Patil, Sharad Patil, Madan Singh, Ashwini Kasoridiya, Kiran Shevalkar and Rama Gosai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827698", "title": "My next with Saif will be his biggest hit: Sajid Khan", "text": "Contrary to speculations and rumours, Housefull and Housefull 2 director Sajid Khan is not making Housefull 3 or Judwaa 2. Sajid will make his untitled next with the Nawab of Pataudi, Saif Ali Khan .Sajid's currently busy with Himmatwala that has Ajay Devgn in the lead. Post its release, he will focus fully on his new venture with Saif. In association with Vashu Bhagnani and Fox Star India, the film will also have one of the director's favourite actors- Riteish Deshmukh . The heroines have yet to be finalized.\"I'm making a film with Saif which will be a romantic comedy entertainer and I go on records to say that this will be Saif Ali Khan's biggest hit ever. It will be Saif like never seen before on the silver screen\", says Sajid.Adding, \"There are only seven actors across India who work and Saif is one of them!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824555", "title": "Manager held for sending lewd texts", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police last week arrested a 41-year-old manager of a private form for allegedly sending obscene text messages to a 44-year-old computer engineer.A Dombivli resident, Shankar Raut met the victim at a get-together attended by corporate houses six months ago. \"There, he got the victim's number. After that, he would her call up and abuse her and also send sexually explicit text messages in Marathi,\" said Bhandup senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Receiving messages from Raut since December 17, the woman lodged a complaint on December 25. She said, \"He repeatedly called me spoke to me badly. When I asked for his identity, he gave me a fake name. Whenever I disconnected the call, he flooded my mobile inbox with obscene texts.\"The police traced Raut with the help of his mobile number. \"The accused is married and is employed in the HR section of a private firm in MIDC,\" said the officer. Raut has been released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824523", "title": "2 juveniles among 4 held for burglary", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people, including two juveniles, were arrested on Sunday for reportedly stealing 25 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 18.5 lakh in cash from a retired bank employee's house in Ashok Nagar on December 25.The four were involved in stealing scrap from metro rail construction sites across the city.Police said Murali, a habitual offender, Manikandan, and two juveniles were drinking in a park in Ashok Nagar when they saw the retired bank employee, Manian locking his house on December 25.Murali hatched a plan to loot the house. The four broke open the main door when the family was away. They entered the house at 1am left at 4am with the valuables. They took 4.5 lakh with them and buried the rest near Ambedkar Nagar.\"After having a few drinks they decided to buy themselves new clothes. A fight broke out over how much money each one had spent. In the fight, Murali got separated from his friends ,\" said an investigating officer.Murali attempted to extort money from a passerby when he was caught by police near Ashok Pillar. Interrogation revealed the involvement of three others in the theft.Police arrested them and recovered the jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824185", "title": "Arjun Munda gets 10 days after Shibu Soren refuses to budge over power-sharing issue", "text": "RANCHI: The political deadlock in Jharkhand continued as chief minister Arjun Munda failed to break the ice with Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) president Shibu Soren. In a meeting, which continued for almost an hour at Soren's residence on Sunday afternoon, Munda tried to talk out the power-sharing demand by Soren but the JMM chief remained adamant and wanted Munda to step down on January 10. \"Finally, he was given 10 days time to discuss the matter with the BJP leaders and take a final decision,\" said a source.Even after a personal attempt, to pacify JMM chief Shibu Soren to leave aside the demand for change of guard at the end of Munda's 28-month tenure on January 10, Munda could not persuade Soren.\"The chief minister was of the opinion that any decision taken by the JMM should be in the interest of the masses. In case the government falls, many dream projects of both the JMM and the BJP will suffer,\" said a source.However, Soren was not in a mood to accept any excuse or compromise on the welfare of people of the state as far as matters of domicile and rehabilitation of displaced families are concerned.\"Munda who started his political career with the JMM and even won the first assembly election from Kharsawan constituency agreed with most points raised by Soren. As all the major points that were made during the meeting were against the political agenda of the BJP, the party with which Munda is associated now, he was not able to accept them. Finally, he was given 10 days time to discuss the matter with the BJP leaders and take a final decision,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824531", "title": "Tamil Nadu grants Rs 72cr subsidy to cooperative banks, societies", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Sunday announced a subsidy of more than 72 crore for various cooperative banks and societies, with a view to expedite short-term loans. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced that a subsidy of 72.08 crore would be granted to 23 deserving primary agricultural cooperative societies and four district central cooperative banks, an official release said. The move will benefit the institutions in expediting disbursal of short-term loans and restructuring their financial services which would ultimately benefit farmers.\"District central cooperative banks and societies have contributed a lot to the economy of villages in Tamil Nadu . The district central cooperative banks have been giving agri and non-agri loans. To restructure their financial services, chief minister had released Rs 82.54 crore last year,\"The statement also said, \"The chief minister has instructed that 1.87 crore be released to 23 deserving agricultural cooperative societies and 72.8 crore for Ramanathapuram, Tirunelveli, Pudukottai and Madurai district cooperative banks as subsidy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828826", "title": "Ravi Teja's Balupu to release in May", "text": "Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja's undershoot film Balupu will hit the big-screens in May. The regular shooting of the film is taking place currently in Simhachalam while it was already shot in Hyderabad.Gopichand Malineni is wielding the megaphone for Balupu, a commercial entertainer being produced by Prasad V Potluri under PVP Cinemas banner. 50% of the film's shoot has been wrapped up already.Shruti Haasan and Anjali are playing the leading ladies in the film while Adivi Sesh will be seen in a pivotal role. The film has script work by Kona Venkat and musical scores by SS Thaman. PVP Cinemas is planning to release Balupu simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil versions in the month of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828339", "title": "Deepika visits her family, Thanks to Ranveer Singh", "text": "Deepika Padukone can't thank her Ram Leela co-star Ranveer Singh enough for giving her time off to visit her parents for the New Year. Each year Deepika likes to be with her family at year-end. However this year she was meant to shoot for Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela with Ranveer over the New Year's.Ranveer's injury on the sets of Yashraj Films' Gunday has not only affected that film but also Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela. Says a source, \"Ranveer Singh was shooting simultaneously for Gunday and Ram Leela . In fact the whiskered look that he sports for Sanjay Bhansali's film has been incorporated into his personality in Gunday for the want of a choice. Remember back in 1969 how Rajesh Khanna's bearded look in Ittefaq had to be incorporated into Do Raaste as the superstar shot simultaneously for both?\"Ranveer has lately been running from the 'Gujarat' sets of Ram Leela to the 'Kolkata' sets of Gunday . A mishap on the sets of Gunday has naturally affected the other film.Sanjay Bhansali was all set to complete the shooting of some very dramatic scenes between Ranveer and Deepika. Ranveer's accident has forced a postponement of the proposed fireworks.Deepika has quietly taken off to Bangalore to be with her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17824205", "title": "Mining: Govt to form cell to check cash laundering", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology has asked the home department to constitute a 'Special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell' to prevent a nexus between illegal mining, forest contractors and extremists.The Union mines ministry had directed state governments to establish such a cell after the second administrative reforms commission in its seventh report had expressed concern at the nexus between illegal mining/forest contractors and transporters and extremists, which provides financial support for the extremist movement, and recommended that the nexus needs to be broken.Speaking to TOI, mines director Prasanna Acharya said \"There is no such nexus in Goa. Even then, we have written a letter to the home department to constitute the anti-extortion and money laundering cell.\"The Union mines ministry has directed the state government to furnish the status on setting up of special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell on January 15, 2013, at the Central coordination-cum-empowered committee (CCEC) on mineral development and regulation meeting.\"All state governments are requested to furnish status on setting up of special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell,\" C K Rawat, deputy secretary, government of India said in a letter to the state.\"We will inform the CCEC that we have sent the proposal to the home department to set up the special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell,\" said Acharya.CCEC on mineral development and regulation under the chairmanship of secretary (mines) will discuss issues related to illegal mining. Here the Union mines ministry will review action taken by the state government to curb illegal mining activities. \"Action taken by the state governments for curbing illegal mining by each state government would be reviewed,\" Rawat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17826542", "title": "School shooting was worst day as president: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama said in an interview on Sunday that the massacre at a Connecticut elementary school which killed 20 children and six adults was \"the worst day of my presidency\".Obama also expressed scepticism about a proposal by the gun lobby group 'The National Rifle Association' to introduce armed guards in every US school. \"I am sceptical that the only answer is putting more guns in schools,\" he said.\"The question ... becomes whether we are actually shook up enough by what happened that it does not just become another one of these routine episodes where it gets a lot of attention for a couple of weeks and then it drifts away,\" Obama said. \"It certainly won't feel like that to me,\" Obama said. \"This is something that was the worst day of my presidency. And it's not something that I want to see repeated.\"He also pledged to put his \"full weight\" behind a legislative package next year aimed at containing gun violence . In his boldest terms yet, he vowed to rally the American people around an agenda to limit gun violence.\"It's not enough for us to say, 'This is too hard so we're not going to try',\" he said. \"I'll call all the stakeholders together . I'll meet with Republicans . I'll meet with Democrats . I'll talk to anybody.\"I think there are a vast majority of responsible gun owners who recognize that we can't have a situation in which somebody with severe psychological problems is able to get the kind of high capacity weapons that this individual in Newtown obtained and gun down our kids. And, it's going to be hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825091", "title": "18-year-old raped for six months in Mewat", "text": "GURGAON: The crime against women continues as yet another case of gang rape has been reported from Mewat district in Haryana.Following a complaint by an 18-year-old girl of Firozpur Jhirka, three boys of ward number 3 have been arrested for allegedly raping the girl for six months.The accused are identified as Sonu alias Lalit (20), Rambeer (22) and Vasim Akram (21), residents of Firozpur Zhirka.Sonu, who works with DHBVNL on daily wages, was known to the victim. Another accused Vasim Akram is a son of Sarpanch of Madapurs village in Mewat. He is an engineer while the third accused is Matric pass only, police said.According to the complainant, the boys had recorded an MMS of her while molesting her some months ago.She was raped for the first time on June 15 this year, when she was still a minor. After making the MMS clip they continued raping her and threatened her to make it public. The last time she was raped on December 24.\"The accused had blackmailed the victim. On December 26, one of them uploaded the MMS clip on internet.An FIR has been lodged against three under section 376G, 506 and 66A, 67B of IT act. The accused have been arrested and will be produced in a city court on Monday,\" said Subhash Vashisth, DSP, Firozpur Zhirka.The victim, according to sources, was avoiding filing a report fearing harassment by police and social taboo attached with it. It was the incident of Delhi gang rape which left her shattered and made her to speak about the whole episode.\"In many cases girls don't speak up and at times people blame police for it. I have asked all my policemen to ensure that not even a single case of crime against women gets ignored or any complaint is unheard. We would urge girls to speak up against all this to ensure that they are not harassed,\" said Sukbir singh, SP, Mewat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17824118", "title": "'Big bully' Mohun Bagan had it coming", "text": "KOLKATA: From their historic IFA Shield triumph against British side East Yorkshire Regiment in 1911, the century-old Mohun Bagan on Saturday plunged to the depths of ignominy when they were suspended from the I-League for refusing to the take the field in the second half of the Kolkata derby against East Bengal at the Salt Lake Stadium on December 9.The worst fears of green-and-maroon fans came true when the AIFF's I-League core committee banned the three-time champions from the ongoing I-League and disqualified them from the next two editions of the competition for their derby-day antics.Mohun Bagan club's general secretary Anjan Mitra and his administration surely have a lot to answer after having lowered the prestige of the century-old institution that was once the pride of Indian football.Petty politics by a bunch of bungling officials with a penchant for one-upmanship had already turned Bagan into \"big bully\" in club football. No wonder, in their darkest hour on Saturday, Mohun Bagan got no sympathy from any quarter in Indian football, including their legion of fans who are now demanding the resignation of the club's top brass.It is unlikely, though, that heads will roll. For, there is no accountability in set-ups like the one at Bagan which has been a fiefdom controlled by one group or the other. So, expect the buck to be passed back and forth over the next few days, even months, as Bagan officials make last ditch efforts to save face - and their own skins.But as Benjamin Disraeli once said: \"Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.\" Bagan's future looks hazier than ever before under officials who are ill-equipped to run an efficient administration.Professionalism is a much-maligned word on the Maidan where crores of rupees exchange hands every year by way of player recruitment. It was no different in the Sixties and Seventies when Kolkata (then Calcutta) was regarded as the Mecca of Indian football.Gone are the days when the late Dhiren Dey, former Mohun Bagan general secretary in the Seventies had threatened to field the club's groundsmen if the players, demanding more money, did not end their agitation and take the field. Old fashioned virtues that the club once epitomized are now conspicuous by their absence under the current dispensation, which grabbed power in the post-Dey era (1993).The sense of loyalty has long gone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830604", "title": "Flying out of Delhi will be cheaper from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flying out of Delhi would become cheaper from Monday, with the development fee (DF) charged by the operator of IGI airport here being reduced by Rs 100 for domestic and Rs 700 per international passenger.The decision of GMR-led Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL) to slash the charges followed a directive by Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) for charging Rs 100 and Rs 600 per embarking domestic and international passenger respectively from January 1.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had earlier directed DIAL and Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL) to abolish DF at the two airports with effect from Monday.Following this, DIAL had moved AERA, which, after consultations, decided to slash the rate which would remain effective till April 2016. Till today, DF being charged at Delhi airport was Rs 200 and Rs 1300 for domestice and international passengers respectively.Welcoming the order, DIAL said in a statement the measure would \"enable airlines to reduce the overall travel cost of passengers, thus giving a boost to the Indian aviation sector.\"In October, the minister had also directed Airports Authority of India (AAI) not to levy DF at Chennai and Kolkata airports, which are being modernised by it.AAI was also asked to infuse additional equity of approximately Rs 288 crore in MIAL and Rs 102 crore in DIAL, against its 26 per cent share in the equity in them.In case DF is abolished, the expected financing gap for MIAL will be estimated at about Rs 4,200 crore and for DIAL at about Rs 1,175 crore.While DF is levied to meet cash flow requirements before completion of an airport upgrade project, User Development Fee (UDF) is charged for using the completed facility. At present, DF is levied at private-led Delhi and Mumbai airports, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17832691", "title": "Prayers for Ajmal Kasab at mosque: Police launch probe", "text": "KOCHI: Police have launched an investigation into the offering of prayers at a mosque here for Ajmal Kasab , who was hanged for carrying out the Mumbai terror attack in 2008.The prayers were reportedly offered by an imam on November 23 after the Friday namaz at the mosque at nearby Trikkakara. After the namaz, prayers were offered for departed souls and the priest had reportedly included the name of Kasab.When the incident leaked out, police began a probe and questioned the mosque's authorities and those who had participated in the prayers.The managing committee of the mosque removed the imam from the post after learning about the incident, committee sources said.Investigation is on, police said. Kasab was hanged in Yerawada jail in Pune on November 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830813", "title": "Charlie Sheen caught making homophobic slur", "text": "Charlie Sheen was captured dropping a homophobic slur on stage at the grand opening of a bar in Cabo San Lucas Friday night in a video clip.In the video clip, which surfaced on TMZ, Sheen can be heard saying \"How we doing,\" after which he says \"Lying bunch of f---got a---s, how we doing?\"Up until then Sheen had been the life of the party to open the swanky new Epic rooftop bar, which he co-owns, at the posh El Ganza hotel, the New York Daily News reported.The 47-year-old actor later apologised, saying that he meant no ill will and intended to hurt no one, insisting that he meant to say maggot but he have a lisp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "17825780", "title": "Barasat victim joined work for grandson's treatment", "text": "BARASAT: Her grandson's ailment led her to join the brick kiln. The forty-five-year-old woman from Barasat needed the money to help her son bear the expenses of four-month-old Shoukat's treatment in Vellore. Two weeks later, she was allegedly gang-raped and brutally murdered at the kiln,close to her residence at Sonakharki near Barasat on Saturday evening.She was returning home from work when a gang of around seven miscreants dragged her to a bush and raped her as her husband, 52-year-old Mahashin Ali, was gagged and forced to drink acid. Mahashin, too, had joined the kiln to supplement the family incomeand raise enough money to treat Shoukat, suffering from a kidney ailment. Their two sons Alfaz Ali and Abbas Ali run a hair-cutting saloon at Kadambagachi in Barasat.Shoukat, son of Abbas, has been suffering from a renal failure since his birth and doctors had suggested the family to take him to Vellore. His grandmother knew she had to work to pay for the expenses and did not hesitate to join the kiln to save Shoukat. \"The doctors told us not to delay the treatment. The major share of our family income comes from the saloon which was not enough for the treatment. We had decided to take Shoukat to Vellore in January, but were worried about the money. Then, my mother-in-law joined the brick kiln near our residence as a daily wage earner. She earned Rs 220 a day. Seeing his wife work so hard, my father-in-law also joined the kiln. The duo did not spend even a single rupee from what they earned and kept it aside for my son's medical expenses. But we never imagined that fate had this in store for them. My mother-in-law had to pay with her life for doing the job,\" said Motiwari Bibi, the youngest daughter-in-law.The victim would go to the brick kiln around noon and returned early in the evening. \"On Saturday, my father-in-law came home from the kiln around 5.30pm but my mother-in-law did not return. My father-in-law left home around 6.30pm to look for her at the kiln. It was around 7pm that he rushed back to the house alone and collapsed on the floor. He was just uttering the words: 'Toder ma ke mere felbe 6-7 jan gunda. Intbhatar pukurer kache, prachanda attyachar korche, taratari ja oke bancha, amar mukhe ora acid dhele diyeache (your mother is being brutally tortured by 6 to 7 goons near the brick kiln pond. Go there and save her. She is going to be killed. They have poured acid into my mouth),\" said Reshma Bibi, the elder daughter-in-law of the victim.Reshma, her husband Alfaz and some neighbours rushed to the spot which is barely 200 metres from their house. They found the woman lying in a pool of blood. She had been stripped, barring a piece of cloth across her waist. The woman and her husband were rushed to Barasat district hospital where the former was declared brought dead.\"The woman had multiple injuries, including a serious head injury. Prima facie, it seems that she was attacked with both sharp-cutting and blunt weapons. It's yet to be confirmed whether she was raped or not. We are yet to get the details of the autopsy. One has been arrested and remanded in police custody,\" said Anil Kumar, DIG Presidency Range, who visited the spot.A CID team visited the spot on Sunday. \"We are now helping the district police but have not taken up the probe,\" said Vineet Goyal, DIG, CID.On Sunday a CID team led by Deputy Superintendent of police(CID) G S Kanjilal went to the spot and initiated a probe on to the matter.District police officers confirmed that a hammer, used in the brick kiln, was recovered from the spot. It might have been used in the murder, the police said.Soon after the incident, the police detained eight persons and following an interrogation, they rounded up Isha Morol, a kiln worker and a resident of Barasat. The investigators are likely to start a thorough search in the area for the murder weapons and may also employ divers to search the pond where the woman was found dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17832061", "title": "Bisalakoppa in Sirsi taluk receives good rainfall", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 36.4\u00c2\u00b0C is recorded on December 30 at 1.30pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 16.4\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Harangi hobli in Somwarpet taluk of Kodagu district on December 31 at 7.15am. Bisalakoppa h obli in S irsi t aluk of U ttara Kannada d istrict recorded maximum rainfall of 30 mm in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday.Rainfall over the state in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday is considered as isolated since 4% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was scattered in one district, isolated in seven; and negligible in 22 districts. North-East monsoon was normal in 13 districts and weak in 17 districts. Moderate rain was reported in six districts, light rain in two; very light rain in nine districts and no rain in 13 districts.Scattered, moderate rain was received in Dharwad; isolated, light to moderate rain in Shimoga, Belgaum, Davangere, Haveri, Uttara Kannada, Tumkur and Kolar districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state. Maximum relative humidity of 99.9% is recorded in Belur hobli in Belur taluk of Hassan district on December 31 from 5.15am to 8.30am. Minimum relative humidity of 37.4% is recorded in Savanur hobli in Savanur taluk of Haveri district on December 30 at 4.15pm.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 31 recorded deficit rainfall of 23%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 189mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 147mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 31, the four geographical regions received 0.4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.2mm, a surplus of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17824003", "title": "Prayers, candlelight rally for Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "SHILLONG: Silent prayers and a candlelight procession in the memory of Nirbhaya, the Delhi gang-rape victim, who lost the battle with life on Saturday in Singapore , marked a solemn Sunday in Shillong.\"I offered a silent prayer for the brave girl at the Sunday prayer service in church,\" said an elderly lady. She added, \"I prayed for the soul of the girl to rest in peace. I also offered prayers for the well-being of humanity as a whole.\"\"Let us reclaim the night from New Year's Eve, despite threats (of more rapes) looming large,\" exhorted Reverend K Pyrtuh, pastor with the Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Synod.\"Nights are not necessarily notorious,\" he said, adding that hundreds of young women have been working day and night and if all of them were to withdraw, the economy of the state would collapse.\"Everyone prayed for young girl,\" the pastor said.On the other hand, a candle-lit procession was taken out from the main commercial centre of Police Bazar in the city in honour of Nirbhaya on Sunday evening.Even during the festive season with just a day or two left for New Year, there was an all pervading silence in the Pine City, which was saddened by the brutal treatment meted out to Nirbhaya in the national capital.\"Usually, there is much fanfare and festivity in the air at this time of the year, but the atmosphere seems to have been silenced by her passing away,\" said a girl, who lit a candle in honour of the \"fighting spirit\" of Nirbhaya.Braving the winter chill, a large number of people, especially the youth, took part in the procession, which winded through the main thoroughfares of the city.\"Rest in peace Nirbhaya...we shall carry forward your fight,\" declared one of the placards held by a young man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17825389", "title": "Japan eyes asteroid study for its space mission in 2014", "text": "NEW YORK: Building on its successful first round-trip mission to space rock Itokowa, Japan's space agency is readying to launch an ambitious new asteroid sampling probe in 2014.The new space mission, Hayabusa2 is aimed at the asteroid 1999 JU3, a large space rock about 3,018 feet in length.The mission is due to arrive at the asteroid in mid-2018, loiter at the space rock and carry out a slew of challenging firsts before departing the scene at the end of 2019, Space.com reported.The Hayabusa2 spacecraft is scheduled to return to Earth with samples of asteroid 1999 JU3. The probe's name is Japanese for \"Falcon2\".Officials with the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) said Hayabusa2, like its Hayabusa predecessor, will also involve a significant level of international cooperation.The initial Hayabusa mission launched in May 2003 and returned samples of Itokawa - the first asteroid samples ever collected in space - in June 2010. Hayabusa2 is expected to stay with 1999 JU3 for 18 months, allowing ample time for observation and careful sample collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824476", "title": "Chennai airport's new terminals set to open by mid-January", "text": "CHENNAI: After a prolonged delay, the new terminals of Chennai airport are all set to be thrown open to the public by mid-January. According to sources, the Airport Authority of India (AAI) has sought a date of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to formally inaugurate the terminals.Sources said that \"the date is more or less finalized. We need to get a final word from the Prime Minister's Office. The inauguration is scheduled to be held either on January 12 or 15,\" said a senior AAI official in New Delhi. However, Chennai airport authorities or airlines are yet to get any notification about the plan to open the terminals. But sources in Delhi said the date for the opening ceremony was being finalised.It may not be of much help to passengers immediately because the buildings do not have food and beverage counters, lounges or other amenities needed for using it. AAI has speeded up the process to set up the amenities. Tenders to attract as many top brands as possible have been floated and will be finalized by end of next month.\"It will take around two months for the firm that bags the tender to install the facilities inside the terminals. The inauguration has been fixed as the building is ready. The rest of the facilities will be installed in due course so that passengers will be able to use the building,\" said an official.The new passenger terminals will push the passenger handling capacity of the airport to 140 lakh passengers per year. It was built at cost of Rs 1,212 crore. Work began in August 2008 but was completed in 2011. It was originally planned to be opened in early this year but got delayed after airlines and the state government pointed out that it would be difficult to operate flights without adequate facilities for passengers.A state-of-the-art modernization programme was chalked out as passenger traffic and aircraft movement was growing at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17826604", "title": "Andhra Pradesh man running US supermarket found dead", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: An Indian man hailing from Andhra Pradesh, who runs a supermarket in the US, was found dead at the store under suspicious circumstances, according to media reports .According to R Shyam Sunder Reddy, an advocate in Karimnagar, his brother-in-law Goli Venkat Reddy (48) ran a supermarket at Cincinnati, Ohio, after he left the Andhra Pradesh city for the US 12 years ago. He was married to Kavitha, a software engineer, and has a son named Praneeth.Shyam Sunder said Kavita found her husband lying in the store with a bleeding nose on Saturday night and immediately informed the police, who reached the spot and declared him dead.Usually, Venkat Reddy reaches home after closing the super market but he did not return on Saturday. Kavitha then called him up on his mobile, but there was no response. Immediately, she along with her neighbours reached the super market.Police have made inquiries from Kavitha and also quizzed Venkat Reddy's partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828749", "title": "Star of the year - Ravi Kishan", "text": "The year has been one of the most successful year so far in Ravi Kishan's career so far. Not only did he make his presence felt in Bhojpuri film industry but small screen and Bollywood too took notice of him. He was also seen in a Marathi film.The upcoming year also seems too bright for Ravi Kishan with a number of films lined for release. He will be seen with Sunny Deol in Mohalla Assi , with Saif and Sonakshi in Bullet Raja , with Sanjay Dutt in Zila Ghaziabad and many others. In Bhojpuri film industry too he would be seen in Chapra Ke Prem Kahaani, Vijayi Bhawa, Jeena Teri Gali Mein etc.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826165", "title": "Animosity between dalits, Jats seen at chief minister's visit to Laxmangarh", "text": "JAIPUR: Increasing animosity between dalits and the Jat community was apparent during chief minister Ashok Gehlot's visit to Laxmangarh tehsil of Sikar district on Sunday. The CM was on a one day visit to Laxmangarh and nearby areas to participate in various functions including laying foundation stone for a water project to bring the water from Indira Gandhi canal to Laxmangarh, unveiling ceremony of statue of a local martyr and others.Dalits who form 18 per cent of 40,000 voters in the total electorate in Laxmangarh boycotted Gehlot's functions on Sunday and also submitted a memorandum showing their resentment against the local MLA Govind Singh.The absence of Parasram Mordia, a five time MLA from Laxmangarh and now chairman of Rajasthan Housing Board in four different functions that took place in and around Laxmangarh on Sunday was also a hint that something needs to be rectified by the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC).Bhanwarlal Shastri, district president of Rashtriya Sarva Meghvansh Mahasabha in his memorandum that was submitted to the chief minister, stated that after assembly polls the local MLA Govind Singh Dotasara is exploiting the dalits in this particular constituency. Dalits through their memorandum stated that Dotasara is actively involved in \"caste based politics\" in the region.\"Two dalits were murdered in Rulyaani village of the constituency but the MLA using his influence urged the police to make these cases look like suicide. Likewise, the funds released by the state government for the welfare of dalits is also been misused by the local MLA,\" Shastri alleged.Laxmangarh constituency was reserved till delimitation in 2008 and Parasram Mordia was a five time MLA on Congress ticket. \"Though it was made a reserved seat in 2008 assembly elections where every party including Congress, BJP and CPI (M) fielded a Jat candidate, Mordia is still a very popular leader among the dalits. He is also disturbed with the problems created by the local MLA in the constituency,\" said a dalit leader of the region.According to the sources, both PCC chief Chandrabhan and chief minister tried to invite Mordia for the functions, but the latter opted out, giving ill-health as a reason for his absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17823514", "title": "Ninama murder case likely to reopen soon", "text": "MHOW: The infamous murder case of Congress party leader Ramesh Ninama, the nephew of the party's slain senior tribal leader Pyar Singh Ninama of Khurdi village in Mhow tehsil will soon be reopened by the police. The case is of July 2008 and was closed by Manpur police on the grounds of lack of clue .More arrests are likely to come up in the region by NIA by the reopening of the case.Manpur TI Man Singh Thakur told TOI that after the NIA arrested Rajendra Chowdhry from Depalpur, police went to Delhi and did an interrogation .Rajendra had reportedly confessed his role in killing of Ninama. He said the NIA is interrogating Chowdhry for Samjhauta Express and Mecca Masjid blast cases and as soon as their interrogation concludes, he will be handed over to the Indore police for the Ninama murder case. Also, the NIA team will come to Manpur to talk to certain people related to Prar Singh Ninama case as the information could solve many unsolved mysteries in the saffron terror issue.Ramesh Ninama was murdered in 2008 when he was on his way from Manpur to Mhow to give his statement in Mhow court in the murder case of Pyar Singh Ninama and his son Dinesh Ninama of July 2003. While he was passing through the Nandlai ghati area situated between Jamli and Kumthi villages, his Maruti car was stopped and bullets were fired on him resulting in his death on the spot.Chief minister Digvijay Singh had spoken on this issue in almost every election rally in the state and had termed RSS as a terrorist organization for the first time due to this issue. Actually, all the persons involved in the Ninama murder case belonged to it and RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi was found to be the key conspirator behind the case.Joshi had been absconding since July 2003 and was murdered in November 2007 in Dewas in Chuna Bhatti area by unidentified person from point blank range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824698", "title": "Citizens march for justice &amp; to protect Nirbhaya's memory", "text": "MUMBAI: Anger and grief continued to pour forth on Mumbai's streets in the wake of Nirbhaya's death as protesters held marches in Powai and Dadar on Sunday. In Agripada, Mahalaxmi and Worli, parish members were asked to switch off festive lights in solidarity with Nirbhaya's family.At all protests across the city, the demand invariably was for justice. But, at the same time, an attempt was made to spread awareness. In Powai, over 500 protesters participated in a silent march, wearing black armbands and carrying placards that urged women in distress to call the helpline 103 and not 100. The participants also gave away cards with important info such as helplines of GRP and RPF besides cellphone number for sending SMS complaints to police commissioner.\"We asked the protesters to promise to give equal rights to daughters and sons; not to demand dowry; to accept that a woman has the right to say no. We told them to return home if they could not do so and cleanse themselves of their sexist attitudes. It is the thinking that leads to crimes,\" said Shurbhi Sharma, spokesperson of We the People Foundation, the NGO that organized the protest.Among the Powai protesters was Jason Temasfieldt, whose cousin Keenan Santos was killed for taking on the sexual harassers of his friends. \"Laws will be amended, police patrolling will be strengthened, but in the end mentalities will have to be changed,\" said Temasfieldt.The grief over Nirbhaya's death was visible in other parts of the city. All through Sunday, citizens lit candles near Khar library in the young girl's memory. Near Dadar station, an NGO's women's wing held a demonstration to demand stringent laws against rapists.In Jogeshwari, about 100 residents held a silent candlelight march, carrying banners and poster. One banner declared, \"One for all, all for one.\" \"During the candlelight march, we sang a prayer for the girl and observed two minutes' silence,\" said Cynthia Correa, one of the protest organizers.St Ignatius Church in Agripada asked its parish members in Agripada, Mahalaxmi and parts of Worli to switch off festive lights for half an hour on Sunday evening in solidarity with Nirbhaya's family. \"It was the Feast of the Holy Family of Jesus, Mary and Joseph today. We thought there would be no better day to participate in the mourning of Nirbhaya's family,\" said Father Joe D'Souza. \"Although Jesus came to this world to remove darkness, there is darkness in Nirbhaya's family today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17824190", "title": "Counsellor's son shot dead in Daltonganj", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Two youths were shot dead on Sunday afternoon in the Jail Hata locality here. One of the deceased is son of a ward counsellor.Rahul Singh (21) and Radhey alias Guddu (23) died on the spot after four men opened fire around 2.30 pm on Sunday.Deputy Superintendent of police-Palamu S Singh said the four armed men came on two motorbikes. \"It was Radhey who was shot dead first,\" said Singh. Radhey was the son of an employee at Palamu civil courts.Police are suspecting gang rivalry behind the killings. SP in-charge Palamu Michael Raj said police have got evidence immediately after the double murders that point to contention between two groups functioning in the area.Rahul, the son of a local counsellor, had criminal history and came out on bail from Central Jail this week. He was involved with one of the two gangs, said the police.When the firing started, Rahul tried to save himself and entered a house in the neighbourhood and locked himself up in the bathroom. However, the armed men chased Rahul and shot him dead. \"The four men then fled in their motorbikes,\" said the police.The DSP reiterated that a vendetta is the prime motive behind these two murders. According to the in-charge SP, police are trying to find out the rival gang which might have killed him. However, police could not explain why Radhey was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17826035", "title": "5,000 cops on bandobast duty on New Year's Eve", "text": "PUNE: The city police have geared up for the New Year's Eve bandobast on Monday. Over 5,000 policemen will patrol the city's roads to ensure that revellers do not create trouble and the celebration goes on peacefully, police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said on Sunday.Eateries, hotels and permit rooms will be allowed to serve food and liquor to customers till 1.30 am, Pol said. He warned of action against establishments if they are found operating after the set deadline . The use of loudspeakers will not be allowed after midnight and programmes should be held after seeking police permission.The city police department has a strength of 8,394 personnel, including the commissioner, joint commissioner, four additional commissioners , 11 deputy commissioners, 17 assistant commissioners, 148 inspectors , 458 assistant inspectors/ sub-inspectors and others.While 5,000 police will be on bandobast duty, the remaining force will be kept in reserve at the police headquarters and their services will be utilized if a law and order problem is reported, said Pol. In addition, the special branch, crime branch and other branches will assist the 33 police stations in maintaining order at crowded places and will take strict action against mischief makers and eve-teasers and aganis those who create nuisance on the roads.The police will conduct nakabandi operations at crowded places and will conduct a drive against drunk driving to prevent accidents. The police will take action against drunkards under relevant sections of the Bombay Prohibition Act and Motor Vehicles Act.Four anti-eve-teasing squads headed by a woman inspector have been set up to act against men misbehaving with women or passing lewd remarks. The police have also taken the assistance of experts in martial arts for assisting them in maintaining law and order, Pol said, adding that, enthusiasts participating in New Year celebrations should maintain peace. He warned of severe action if revellers are found creating trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17832199", "title": "E-cigarettes ineffective in fighting addiction: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Electronic cigarettes may not be useful in combating smoking addiction as they are still delivering nicotine to the body, an Italian government study has warned.This \"fashion gadget\" should not be used by young people because, even if smaller quantities of nicotine are inhaled in this way, there are still serious potential health risks, the study by the Italian Health Ministry said.The report also raised the concern that the use of this gadget could lead young people to graduate from these devices to smoking real cigarettes, 'ABC news' reported.However, an association of electronic cigarette makers said the device is intended to help people who are already smokers.The e-cigarette is basically an electronic inhaler made up of a plastic cartridge that acts as a mouthpiece, a battery, a reservoir for a liquid aroma solution and an \"atomiser\" that vaporises the liquid.Some of the aroma solutions contain nicotine in different concentrations. It produces a smoke-like vapour that simulates the act of tobacco smoking and when inhaled delivers the nicotine, if used in the liquid-base, into the bloodstream via the lungs.\"We can say that the electronic cigarette is less toxic, but we cannot say that it is totally innocuous. We have to have a prudent approach towards this product as we know little about its worth in stopping people smoking or how toxic it is,\" Roberta Pacifici, director of Italy Observatory on Smoking, Alcohol and Drug Use at the National Health Institute told Italian news agency ANSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825167", "title": "Study shatters myth about Western nations as safe haven for healthcare", "text": "NEW DELHI: This could come as a serious warning for the age-old Indian obsession with flying to the West for better healthcare.A first-of-its-kind Johns Hopkins study on patients' safety estimates that a surgeon in the United States leaves a foreign object such as a sponge or a towel inside a patient's body after an operation 39 times a week.The researchers estimate that 4,044 surgical blunders occur in the United States each year.The study that has shattered the image of Western countries being a better and safer haven for medical care also found that surgeons in the US performs the wrong procedure on a patient 20 times a week and operates on the wrong body site 20 times a week.The researchers have reported in the medical journal Surgery that they estimate that 80,000 of these so-called \"never events\" occurred in American hospitals between 1990 and 2010.The study for the first time quantifies the national rate of never events, occurrences for which there is universal professional agreement that they should never occur during surgery.For the study, researchers used the National Practitioner Data Bank (NPDB), a federal repository of medical malpractice claims, to identify malpractice judgments and out-of-court settlements related to retained-foreign-body (leaving a sponge or other object inside a patient), wrong-site, wrong-procedure and wrong-patient surgeries.They identified 9,744 paid malpractice judgments and claims over the 20 years, with payments totaling $1.3 billion.Death occurred in 6.6% of patients, permanent injury in 32.9% and temporary injury in 59.2%. The more serious the outcome, the more the patient (or h/his family) was paid.In their study, never events occurred most often among patients between 40 and 49 years, and surgeons in this same-age group were responsible for more than one-third of the events, compared to 14.4% for surgeons over 60 years.Around 62% of the surgeons were cited in more than one separate malpractice report, and 12.4% were named in separate surgical never events.The researchers say the NPDB is the best source of information about malpractice claims for never events because these are not the sort of claims for which frivolous lawsuits are filed or settlements made to avoid jury trials.\"There's good reason to believe these were all legitimate claims. A claim of a sponge left behind, for example, can be proven by taking an X-ray,\" the study said.\"There are mistakes in healthcare that are not preventable. Infection rates will likely never get down to zero even if everyone does everything right, for example,\" says study leader Marty Makary, an associate professor of surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .\"But the events we've estimated are totally preventable. This study highlights that we are nowhere near where we should be and there's a lot of work to be done,\" he adds.Makary notes that at many medical centers, patient safety procedures have long been in place to prevent never events, including mandatory \"timeouts\" in the operating room before operations begin to make sure medical records and surgical plans match the patient on the table. Other steps include using indelible ink to mark the site of the surgery before the patient goes under anesthesia. Procedures have long been in place to count sponges, towels and other surgical items before and after surgery, but these efforts are not foolproof, Makary notes. Many hospitals are moving toward electronic bar codes on instruments and materials to enable precise counts and prevent human error. Surgical checklists, pioneered at The Johns Hopkins Hospital, are also often in place.He advocates public reporting of never events, an action that would give consumers the information to make more informed choices about where to undergo surgery, as well as \"put hospitals under the gun to make things safer\".Currently, he notes, hospitals in US are supposed to voluntarily share never event information with the Joint Commission that assesses hospital safety and practice standards, but that doesn't always happen.In India too, such never events are common, but are never reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17824935", "title": "More buses to provide services in Bhubaneswar and Berhampur", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As a New Year gift, the state government has decided to augment city bus services in Bhubaneswar and Berhampur. A meeting in this regard was held on December 26.While 48 buses - 15 standard and 33 mini buses- will be added to the fleet size on Bhubaneswar-Puri and Bhubaneswar city routes, city bus services (CBS), Berhampur, will have additional 24 mini buses. Besides, 12 air conditioned buses - six each on Cuttack-Puri via Bhubaneswar and Nandankanan-airport routes via Jayadev Vihar - will be run.The housing and urban development (H&UD;) department will spend about Rs 15 crore for augmentation of the fleet of Bhubaneswar-Puri Transport Services Limited (BPTSL) and Rs 5 crore for CBS under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). At present, 105 buses ply in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri under the JNNURM scheme. As many 95 buses ply in Bhubaneswar alone.Given the requirement of buses in the existing routes, the fleet size will be increased, said a senior officer of H&UD; department. \"BPTSL and Dream Team Sahara, which are looking after the operational part of the bus services, had given a proposal to increase the fleet size. Taking into consideration certain specifications, model and other parameters, it was decided to increase the fleet of buses,\" said the officer. The frequency of service, availability of present infrastructure and demand of the commuters were also taken in the account, he added.While each AC bus will cost around Rs 40 lakh, standard bus and mini bus will come for Rs 25 lakh and Rs 12 lakh respectively. For infrastructure development, Rs 2.12 crore has been set side.Sources said Nandankanan-airport route will have an improved frequency with buses available every 15 minutes. But the number of buses will remain the same. Khurda-Master canteen route will have six more mini buses at an interval of every 25 minutes, while four more buses will be added to the Kalpana square-Niladri Vihar and Biju Patnaik-AG square routes. Dumduma-VSS Nagar, Bidanasi-Master canteen and Sum hospital-Jagatpur routes will also have additional six buses. Five more buses will be run from Barmunda to Puri.Official sources said Meghraj Capital Infrastructure Services, which is the transaction advisor for city bus services in Berhampur, will facilitate procurement of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826315", "title": "Civic admin will carry out environmental survey of Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC is planning to conduct an environmental survey of the city in 2013. The survey is to be conducted by a private firm.The civic administration has invited tenders from experienced firms to conduct the survey and the last date of filing the tender is January 10, 2013.An NMC official said, \"As per the directive of the Central government, it is mandatory for the municipal corporations to prepare an environmental status report (ESR). Accordingly, an environmental survey of the city is to be conducted. We have invited tenders from private for the same.\"The survey will include major topics like ambient air quality status in various parts of the city, noise status, solid and biomedical waste management, effluent and sewage managements, water quality of river, ground water status, public health, hospitals, hotels , urban infrastructure development, domestic pollution, industrial pollution etc. The environmental status report will also suggest various measures for conservation of environment.\"In Nashik, as a fast developing city, there is rapid growth in the industrial sector and the urban development subsequently along with transportation as one of the influencing factors. Ambient air quality is an alarming issue in the city with special reference to traffic and industrial activities giving rise to serious health hazards,\" the NMC official said.The sewage management is another major issue in the city. The NMC has already prepared a plan to streamline sewage generated in the city. The plan includes new sewage pipelines from Anandwalli nala to Asarambapu Bridge to collect sewage water from the area below Anandwalli nala and pump it to the main pipeline located upstream Anandwalli nala. Currently, in a temporary arrangement, sewage going towards the nala can be pumped to the pipeline. Proposal for installation of a 1,240-m long pipeline from Anandwalli to Asarambapu Bridge has been sent for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831029", "title": "Kylie Minogue in booty battle with Pippa, Kim", "text": "Kylie Minogue insists her \"glory days are over\" when it comes to her butt.The 44-year-old Australian singer, who is famed for her pert derriere, has joked that she has competition from the likes of Kim Kardashian and Pippa Middleton these days.\"Ooooh I don't know! I think I'd come third. I don't know who would come first or second. I'm hanging in there but my glory days are over,\" Stuff quoted her as saying in an interview with the UK edition of OK! magazine.\"My bum is still in the news though - I was on The Wendy Williams Show in New York last week and she said my bum was voted number one. I was embarrassed because I think she was referring to an old poll,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17824974", "title": "Woman raped in Motihari Hospital", "text": "MOTIHARI: A young woman (32) with learning difficulties was allegedly raped in the intervening night of Friday-Saturday in the Asha ward of Sadar Hospital, Motihari, where she had taken shelter to save herself from the chilling cold.The police were conducting raids to nab the accused, Ram Sakal Ram, a grade IV staff of the hospital. Civil Surgeon (CS) Dr Saroj Singh on Sunday said the victim was admitted to the hospital following the incident and she was undergoing treatment.DSP, Motihari, Vijay Kumar said the CS sent a written FIR to the Town police station, Motihari, on Saturday evening, after around 18 hours of the rape incident. \"Police are trying to nab the accused. However, he is yet to be arrested. Medical examination of the victim was done by the doctors on Sunday and the police recorded the doctor's statement. Two women police constables have been deputed near the victim's bed.\"Five persons, inspired by the nationwide protest over Delhi gang rape case, have given written statement to the police in this case and it is for the first time when people voluntarily came forward to give statement for an unknown poor woman.According to police, as the woman cried for help, about 10 attendants of the patients in the hospital rushed to the place and chased the accused person. One Nagendra Verma lodged a written complaint to the CS on Saturday morning and the CS forwarded the complaint to the Town police station.The SHO of Town PS, R Kamati, said the victim was taken to the CJM's residence for recording her statement under section 164 of the CrPC but she could not say anything as she is deaf and speech-impaired as well. He said the medical report would come on Monday. \"We are trying to nab the accused on the basis of the statement of the attendants who said they saw Ram Sakal raping the woman and fled when he saw them coming.\"Talking to TOI, the CS admitted the lapse on the part of hospital doctors who did not inform the police in time resulting in delay in the medical examination of the victim. Actually, the medical examination was conducted 42 hours after the incident. The CS said she was in Patna to attend an official meeting and she immediately lodged the case after returning here on Saturday.According to health department sources, the accused had tried to outrage the modesty of an Asha worker (woman) in the same hospital two years ago and he was sent to jail for that.Hundreds of workers of the RJD on Sunday took out a rally from Mina Bazaar to register their protest over the Sadar hospital incident. Bachcha Yadav, district RJD president, demanded a high-level probe in this shameful incident.Progressive Mahila Forum has also demanded stern action against the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826210", "title": "Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association to hold first electric and electronic expo in Feb", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to promote electric and electronic industries in the district, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has organised the first electric and electronic industrial expo - 'NIMA Power: 2013', from February 21, 2013.The four-day industrial expo, which will be held between February 21 and 24 at Thakkar estate in the city, will have around 200 stalls.There are 5,000 small, medium and large industries in Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar industrial areas of Maharahtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). And they are largely auto and electric-based industries.Elaborating about the expo, NIMA president Dhananjay Bele said, \"The industrial sector is facing several problems these days. Electric n electronic industries are in the light due to globalisation and continuous power tariff hike. Nashik is known as the auto and electronic hub. There are thousands of small and large electric and electronic industries in Nashik. During our triennial event - 'NIMA Index' - an industrial expo held last year, there was a strong demand to organise a separate industrial expo for electric and electronic industries.\"Bele further said, \"The expo will provide a platform for direct interaction between buyers and sellers and provide several business opportunities to the electric and electronic industries.\"The NIMA has already commenced booking of stalls and around 50 stalls have been booked so far. The companies, who have booked their stalls so far, include Microtech System, Rectiphase Capacitor, Sharda Electrical, Technocrats Control Pvt Ltd, Epcos, Trishul Engineering, Satyam Technocrats, Veeral Cables, Unicos System, Surya Electricals, Arya Technologies and Gogate Electro System.Meanwhile, the brochure of the industrial expo was released recently at a function by the chief engineer of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL), Prabhakar Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17823748", "title": "Mumbai youth working in Cameroon found dead, kin allege murder", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old Indian national allegedly committed suicide in Cameroon in west Central Africa by shooting himself in his room. The incident occurred on December 20.On Saturday, Toni Chandani's body was brought to Mumbai and his last rites were conducted by his family in Ulhasnagar.Toni's father, Narayandas Chandani (59), has raised doubts over the suicide story given by the deceased's office staff claiming that his son was very simple in nature. It was Toni's rommates who informed the family of the incident, the day it happened. Narayandas said that he was in constant touch with Toni over the phone who had never indicated that he was depressed. Narayandas suspects that someone might have killed his son and left the revolver in the house.Toni was working with an India-based firm, Wapson, in Cameroon, for the last four years. He was living in accommodation provided by the company. The deceased is unmarried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825707", "title": "Electronic toll collection system along NH2 from 2014", "text": "KOLKATA: While zooming past the toll plaza on Vidyasagar Setu, you do not have to slow down to pay your toll tax or look for queues which have lesser cars. You can retain the same speed while crossing the toll plaza, as an electronic collection system will replace the age-old manual system soon. car can be on the same speed as on the highway while you are crossing the toll plaza, not because toll collectors are on strike as it has been at various points on NH2, as electronic toll collection system is going to be introduced soon.This electronic toll collection system along NH2, between Kolkata and Dhanbad, will start from 2014. The cars passing over the highway stretch will have RFID (radio frequency identification) tags, which will be fixed on the windscreens so that the electronic receiver can read the tag. Each car will have unique tag and it will bear vehicle registration number and can't be removed from the windscreen. The owners will have to purchase the RFID tags from specific points and have to refill money from time to time as the electronic readers at toll gates will deduct money the number of times the vehicle crosses the electronic receiver. Once the system is introduced, the cars without RFID tags will not be allowed on highways.Similar toll collection system will be introduced on Bengaluru-Chennai highway soon.Gradually, this electronic mode will be introduced in all national highways in the country. But it will take some time, as data on vehicles across the nation will be stored in one central server as vehicles may travel to any state.Recently, ministry of road, transport and highways (MORTH) secretary A K Upadhyay had written to the Bengal government for introducing the electronic system between Kolkata and Dhanbad as a pilot project. The concept is a brainchild of Nandan Nilekani (UIDAI chairman), so that you don't have to stop while driving past the toll plaza from 2014. This new technology will make travelling faster along highways and thus one can have non-stop ride.Once the tags are pasted on the windscreen, it cannot be transferred to another car of the same owner. Depending upon the vehicle type, the tax will be deducted. Mismatch between the tag and the car can also be identified by the transreceiver at the toll.Officials said that cars without RFID tags will not be allowed in lanes meant for cars with tags. So they are plans for a new law to stop the violators as there is no such offence provision under the existing laws.Centre planned this electronic toll collection as part of the national highway development project to increased traffic speed. As this electronic system is going to be introduced the cars will not have to slow down, as the electronic readers can read the tags from a distance. Moreover, while handing over the computer generated receipts there is time lag and often congestion due to operational problems, officials said.The Centre is keeping in mind possible malpractices once the electronic toll collection is introduced and how to identify the violators. For that there will be CCTVs at the toll gates to check if the cars are not having the RFID tags. Again to make recharging system of the tags the Centre is holding talks with some of the banks. Recharge of RFID tags can be done online and through mobiles other than through credit and debit cards or through cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17831287", "title": "Ranji Trophy: UP beat Odisha, qualify for quarters", "text": "CUTTACK: Uttar Pradesh came up with yet another superb bowling show by bundling out Odisha for just 101 in their second innings to score a 43-run win over the home side on the third and penultimate day of their Ranji Trophy Group B match on Monday.Chasing 145 for a win, Odisha needed 92 more runs on Monday but it took Uttar Pradesh just 17.2 overs to dismiss the remaining six batsmen of the visiting side and end the match inside seven sessions.Resuming at 53 for four, Odisha could add just 48 runs before they were all out for 101 in the morning session on a pace-friendly pitch at the Barabati Stadium.Paceman Imtiaz Ahmed completed his first 10-wicket haul in first-class cricket with figures of 5/29 in Odisha's second innings. Govind Podder resisted with a 36 -- the highest scorer for Odisha in second essay and second-highest in the match, but Uttar Pradesh were too good for the home side.Only two other Odisha batsmen -- Niranjan Behera (15) and Lagnajit Samal (13) -- could reach double-digit figures.With Monday's win, Uttar Pradesh ended on the top of Group B with 33 points -- from four wins and four draws -- thus ensuring a meeting with a Group C team in the quarterfinal.Odisha, who had to take the gamble of producing a green pitch against the best attack in the country, were knocked out of the tournament as they needed to win the match to stay in the hunt for a place in knock-out stage.Brief Scores:Uttar Pradesh: 160 and 111 Odisha: 127 and 101 all out in 37.2 overs (Govind Podder 36; Imtiaz Ahmed 5/29).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824648", "title": "Tight police arrangement for New Year's eve", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following the horror of the Delhi gang rape, society has been galvanized by the sense of sorrow and shock - and the demand for a safer environment for women has assumed unprecedented urgency.A response to that demand is evident in the extra precautions that the city and rural police have taken to prevent any untoward incident during the yearend celebrations at farmhouses, public spaces, hotels, and restaurants.Ahmedabad city police officials said that several areas - such as the Vastrapur Lake, CG Road, Kankaria, points on SG Road, Judges Bungalow Road, and Gujarat University - have been put under close vigil ahead of December 31.Not only will extra personnel be deployed at strategic locations, but they will also be augmented by Police Control Room (PCR) vans and Quick Response Teams (QRTs).Niraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said that along with the full strength of various police station, teams of State Reserve Police (SRP) and Rapid Action Force (RAF) will also be deployed. \"This year, we have also taken the help of 70 police Mitra (Friends of Police) for the bandobast,\" he said. \"Police videographers will be deployed at the important locations. Motorcycle-borne personnel will also patrol bylanes.\"Watch towers have also been put up at places such as CG Road, which is thronged by more than 5,000 citizens at every yearend.The Ahmedabad rural police have also geared up for the long night. Gagandeep Gambhir, superintendent of police, Ahmedabad rural, said that this year, an all-women team will be constantly patrolling the area to help women. \"We have put up several check points to apprehend drunken drivers and keep an eye on suspicious vehicles,\" she said. \"SG Road aside, our teams will patrol interiors to keep a check on farmhouses hosting parties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824783", "title": "'Don't drink and DrIvE'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai traffic police have placed over 500 hoardings at crucial junctions and signals to warn against drunk and rash driving. In the last one week, the police have carried out random checks on drunk-driving and found that the number of cases had shown a slight increase, compared to the same period the previous year.The police have tried to convey the safety message to motorists through the word 'DRIVE'. \"We have played down the alphabets R and E in DRIVE and highlighted D-I-E with red. It is up to motorists to decide their fate,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar told TOI on Sunday.Motorists will face more frequent screenings by the traffic police against drunk-driving till the arrival of the new year. A traffic police source said the excise department should carry out more raids to control the flow of liquor in the city. \"Daily, at least one lakh litres of alcohol is sold in the city. If controlled, the problem of drunk-driving can be controlled,\" the source said.The traffic and city police plan to join hands to ensure that tipplers do not pose any threat to women too.Deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said they have formed squads, which will work together with the traffic police, to nab anyone found committing crimes against women.In Thane (rural), breathalyzers will be used for the first time. The entire Mumbai-Ahmedabad national highway is lined with orchestra bars that are gearing up for the new year. Many revelers from Mumbai, Mira-Bhayander, Vasai-Virar, Palghar and Dahanu visit these bars and drive back in a drunken state due to lack of proper checks.The Thane police have increased security in and around lodges on the highway to prevent untoward incidents and are also carrying out surprise checks on vehicles to ensure that illegal spurious liquor does not enter the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17823506", "title": "They will ring in New Year with prayers for peace", "text": "INDORE: When most of people will be dancing on the peppy Bollywood numbers at pub and discotheque on midnight of December 31 to welcome New Year, a group of nearly hundred students from different schools of the country will welcome 2013 with inter-religious prayers and songs for world peace. The event will take place at National Institute of Public Co-operation and Child Development (NIPCCD) at Bara Bangarda near the airport in the city.Students, who will gather under a Knit India programme organised by Universal Solidarity Movement (USM), will read and sing prayers of eight different religious of the world and feeling of universal fellowship. \"We will pray together prayers of all religion of the world for world peace, which is very much required today,\" said Juhi Shirvastav, a student of Lal Bahadur Shastri Smarak College, Delhi. She added that we always demand for peace and harmony in society but never take any effort for it. Praying together is their small effort in direction of universal harmony.Epsita Tripathi of St Mary's Convent International College, Allahabad said after prayer they will form map of India with candle light and take pledge of honesty and brotherhood.USM national coordinator Varghese Alengaden said celebrating New Year in the unique way is an effort to sow seeds of togetherness, brotherhood and harmony. He said change in the world cannot be brought in unless and until we manage to change the heart and mind of young people. Elaborating on the motive about behind unique way of New Year celebration, Alengaden said main idea behind is to transform self to transform world, remove the distance between words and deeds, accepting, appreciating and promoting diversity, re-inventing oneself to realise god within, shaping the future shaping the present through youth, building character, strengthening will power and expanding intellect.Why initiative like unique way of welcoming New Year has become important, Isaac F Arackaparambil of SDB said much-talked about thing in country today is passing of law against corruption, but any realistic person would agree that passing bill in parliament will not bring end to these evils. There is no shortage of laws and there are people who always found ways of bypassing these laws. \"Need of the hour is not passing legislature, but one of stirring the heart and conscience of every individual to say no to every form of evil. No law can ensure order. True order can be established only when each person is internally convinced, that thinking, willing and acting right is a personal decision, and a responsible choice taken in freedom, and not the burden of law,\" Isaac said, adding effort like this is import to stimulate the young minds to make them responsible citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829654", "title": "Brangelina's party sparks wedding rumours", "text": "Actors Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have once again left people talking about their marriage plans after they were seen having a merry time with a gathering of close friends and family.The couple, who are raising six children -- Maddox, 11, Pax, 9, Zahara, 7, Shiloh, 6, and four-year-old twins Knox and Vivienn, had a gathering of 22 people at their house in the Caribbean , reports thesun.co.uk.The gathering has led to speculation that they may be planning to secretly say 'I do' soon.Pitt and Jolie got engaged in April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828608", "title": "Haider Qazmi shoots for 'Pratighaat'", "text": "The real hero of Bhojpuri film industry, Haider Qazmi is busy shooting for his next, 'Pratighaat'. Akshara Singh had been paired with him in the movie. Haider Qazmi alongwith Akshara Singh gave the biggest blockbuster of the year 'Kaalia'. After 'Kaalia' they were roped in together for Bigul. And their third film together is 'Pratighaat'.The film is a complete action pack movie and is directed by Anand Gahatraj. Haider says, \"Everyone knows how selective I am when it comes to doing a movie. When Anand ji came to me for the movie, I clearly told him that I'll listen to the script first. And as soon as he narrated the script to me I agreed to do it. I am really excited for the film as it's a very different movie.\"Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825504", "title": "Woman found dead under suspicious circumstances", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 28-year-old woman was found dead under suspicious circumstances at an isolated location in Shamshabad on Sunday.On Sunday morning, locals found the body of a 28-year-old woman in the bushes near Siddulagutta Temple in Shamshabad and alerted the police.\"The victim was clad in a red sari and brown blouse. There was a bite mark on her left ankle and we suspect that some animal might have bitten her body. We have found some empty toddy packets near the body. The body was shifted for a post-mortem to the Shamshabad government hospital,\"RGI airport sub-insepctor (SI) N Jayaram said. A case was booked under section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17829612", "title": "McGrath to be inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame", "text": "DUBAI: Australian pace legend Glenn McGrath will be inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame during the third Test between Australia and Sri Lanka starting January 4 in Sydney .McGrath will join Enid Bakewell and Brian Lara to become third inductee of 2012-13, the ICC said in a statement.\"McGrath becomes the 68th male member of the Hall of Fame and joins fellow 2012-13 inductees West Indian Brian Lara and England's Enid Bakewell in being recognized by the ICC and the living members of the Hall of Fame.\"While Lara and Bakewell were inducted in September at the ICC Awards, McGrath will be inducted at his home ground of the SCG. A fourth and final inductee of 2012-13 will be announced next summer.McGrath represented Australia in 124 Test matches between 1993 and 2007 and claimed 563 Test wickets at an average of 21.64. He took more Test wickets than any other seam bowler currently in the game or retired.He also represented Australia in 250 ODIs, claiming 381 wickets at an average of 22.02, and was part of the Australian side that won three successive World Cups -- 1999, 2003 and 2007. He still holds the record for most wickets in World Cup competitions, with 71 scalps and his figures of 7-15 against Namibia are the best in the competition's history.\"I am honoured that the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame voting academy, which includes all the current living Hall of Famers, have nominated and voted me to be inducted into the Hall of Fame,\" McGrath said of the induction.\"I am very much looking forward to celebrating the occasion on 4 January with not only my friends and family, but all those at the SCG which is of course is like a second home to me,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829197", "title": "Painting for 72 hours for street children", "text": "Painting for 72 hours straight, Manan Chaturvedi is trying to colour up with her brushes the lives of 88 children that she has found abandoned across the city over the past few years.Bracing the chilly cold nights at Statue Circle, a popular hang-out in this Rajasthan capital, the 39-year-old who shunned her fashion designing ambitions to take care of the street children has been painting various shades of life since Saturday afternoon.These paintings will later be auctioned to garner money for her NGO - Surman Santhan -for such children.\"I will keep painting till 3 p.m. Jan 1. People have told me I might be setting a world record for painting continuously for so many hours. However, it has little to do with setting the world record,\" Chaturvedi, a mother of three, told us.Till 9 a.m. Monday she had completed 71 paintings and plans to add another 90-100 to this tally by Jan 1 afternoon.So, what set her on this unique task?\"I want to raise awareness among people about what being homeless means for the children who are abandoned by their parents. I am raising 88 of them at my house and I know how they feel,\" Chaturvedi said.She said that she is just trying to depict the feelings of peace and harmony that these children have taught her.\"I have named my initiative The Angel of Love. It aims at spreading the same feeling of peace and harmony across the world. After completing 72 hours in Jaipur, such painting sessions will be held across the country and some locations abroad,\" Chaturvedi said.Chaturvedi would probably have become a top fashion designer earning fabulously and living in style. Instead, she dumped a promising career midway and turned to Jaipur's street children to give them a new life.She picked up the children - aged between six months and 18 years - from railway platforms, pavements and even dustbins, legally adopted them and brought them all to her house in Jaipur's Vaishali Nagar area.The children have now grown up calling her 'maa' (mother).Under the banner of her NGO Chaturvedi has found ways to raise the much-needed money.She paints and organises painting exhibitions. The money thus raised goes into the children's education and other expenses.After completing a course in fashion designing from Delhi eight years ago, Chaturvedi got off a bus at Sindhi Camp bus stand in Jaipur. She came across a girl lying among the garbage and this changed her whole approach to life.She said that when she saw the half-naked girl, she wondered: \"What's the use of becoming a fashion designer?\"\"I wondered for whom I will design clothes when half the population in this country goes about without them,\" she said.Her own children have no privileges over the others.Initially, Chaturvedi's family had some reservations about her mission, but they started supporting her when they saw how determined she was. Her husband Surendra Chaturvedi now works with his wife for her NGO. He is constantly there at Statue Circle to provide support to her.\"I design clothes for them and have learnt the craft of painting over the period. That's how I manage to run my little family...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825509", "title": "Tax on power distributor will burden consumers: MLA Pradeep Jaiswal", "text": "AURANGABAD: Aurangabad Municipal Corporation's (AMC) move of bringing power distribution under the ambit of local body tax (LBT) would burden the consumers in the city, said MLA Pradeep Jaiswal on Saturday.\"It is for the first time in the history of the state that the power distributor has been forced to pay LBT. The tax burden will affect the consumers,\" he said.He added that there was no harm in improving the financial condition of the civic body but not at the cost of its residents. The decision of the standing committee of the corporation to collect LBT from the power franchise was not justifiable. He threatened to oppose the move, if the additional cost were transferred on to the consumers.The Aurangabad Bench of Bombay High Court has recently ordered the power franchise GTL Limited to pay Rs 1.25 crore to AMC against the outstanding payment of LBT payable to the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825306", "title": "People lack consumer awareness, say experts", "text": "KANPUR: There is lack of consumer awareness in the city. This is proved by the data provided by the Consumer Protection Forum, Kanpur.The forum recorded as many as 765 cases in 2012. Out of these, 25 were of consumer goods and only seven cases were decided.The number of complaints is also decreasing every year. The forum had recorded more than 1,000 cases in 2009 and 2010 but number came down to 810 in 2011 and this year, the figure stood at 765.The reason for it, according to forum staff, is that earlier all the complaints were admitted but now the judicial officials first hear the complaints and then admit according to merit otherwise these are rejected. Rejection ratio at the stage of admission is high.The data also exhibited that majority of consumers had filed petitions against government or semi-government agencies. More than 75 per cent petitions are against Kesco, telephone, insurance companies, post offices, banks and nursing homes. All the petitions are of deficiency of services.Lawyer DK Pathak said that it was due to working style of government offices. If they work and perform the duties properly, then number of petitions against government and semi-government agencies would come down. Awareness regarding consumer articles is still less as a result the cases are also less, he added.Another lawyer said that the people were not active on consumer items. The consumers were confused over warranty and guarantee. Awareness in this sector is gradually increasing and people were coming before the forum even against branded companies.Senior lawyer SN Bajpai said that awareness towards consumer items needs more attention and consumers should be informed clearly regarding the difference between warranty and guarantee.The data also states that forum has also recorded fall in execution and miscellaneous cases. The forum received 110 execution and 44 miscellaneous cases in last 12 months. But the disposal rate in execution and miscellaneous cases was high.The forum decided 121 execution and 90 miscellaneous cases during 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17824432", "title": "Strict vigil on anti-social elements on New Year's eve", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Elaborate security arrangements have been made by police to keep strict vigil over the movements of the anti social elements not only on the National Highways but also at favorite tourist spots where around 50,000 to 60,000 New Year revelers mostly youths will assemble to celebrate the day.SP Manoj Kaushik said, \"We have taken special precaution this year particularly after the death of a youth on December 25. We are also taking special care to protect girls and women in wake of the death of the paramedic who was raped in Delhi and later died in Singapore during treatment,\" said the SP.Since Canary Hill with scenic beauty and close to the town attracts large number of tourists not only from Hazaribag town but outside has acute shortage of drinking water problems which creates problems for the picnickers deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan ordered for sinking of deep tube-wells in the vicinity for providing drinking water to the visitors at the site. He directed the authorities of drinking water and sanitation department to take this work on war footing.Other places which were deced up for the New Year are lake with cafeteria having boating facilities, toy trains and number of food stalls for the commoners The Hazaribag national park spread over 18,625 hectares of land will also attract huge gathering and the authorities of the Hazaribag Wild Life Division have set up several sites and sunk tube wells for the convenience of the tourists.Another new site developed was the construction of big Rock garden covering an area of 46 hectares designated as Sahid Nirmal Mahato Park located just by the side of the Hazaribag Circuit will also attract huge crowd this year. Another attractive place for the tourists will be the Agro-Tourism centre at Demotand where the flowering of Sarso (oilseed) floweres have become attractive for the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17833067", "title": "Mahesh Bhupathi drops hints of playing the Korea tie", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran Indian tennis player Mahesh Bhupathi on Monday indicated that all his issues with the All India Tennis Association (AITA) have been sorted out and he may represent the country in the upcoming Davis Cup tie against Korea.Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna were banned by AITA for defying the London Olympics selection but Karnataka high court had stayed the ban when the players appealed against it.Both Bhupathi and Bopanna had refused to team up with Leander Paes for the London Games.\"I have made myself available. AITA had sent me an email asking me whether I am available for selection and I have said that I am available.\"Court case has been stayed for months and months ago. As far as I know, the AITA has sent me an email asking me whether I am available for selection. I have said that I am available. Obviously, it is good that they have done that,\" Bhupathi said ahead of the Chennai Open.Specifically asked if he is ready to pair with any player, an apparent reference to Paes, Bhupathi said, \"I have made myself available. That is the bottom line. There is no point in speculating as to who is going to play with me. They asked me whether I am going to play, I said yes.\"Talking about Chennai Open, the season-opener, Bhupathi there are several contenders for the title.\"Daniel ask me about it last year and we have playing. Planning to play with him the whole season. Besides us, Leander and Roger are strong combination. Rohan and Rajiv Ram is a dangerous duo. Obviously we are all playing with new partners for the first time and it is going to be interesting,\" he said.Bhupathi said during the off season, he worked on a few aspects of his game to adjust to the style of play of Nestor.\"I was working on my forehands for switching sides because Daniel is a strong AD court player. Few changes that I had to make.Many world stars, including Rafel Nadal, have come to play in Chennai Open and Bhupathi said it gives you a reason to be happy.\"Over the years barring Roger Federer we are pretty much attracted. Quite an amazing group of talented players come for it from Rafa to Boris to Kaflinikov and so on. Even this year Tomas Bewrdych is six in the world. It all depends on how they want to plan their schedule for a new season. It is not very easy but I am glad that talents come to India.\"Bhupathi hoped that more Indian players will make the singles main draw here in future.\"Obviously at some point we would like Indian boys to come through qualifying to main draw. Rohan did that a few years ago and Yuki had done that. There are lot of opportunities for Indian players as the tour is not as tough. Hopefully, we will see many Indians would be coming through qualifying to main draw,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17829693", "title": "Stage set in Goa to welcome New Year", "text": "PANAJI: Thousands of domestic and international tourists have arrived in Goa to welcome 2013 and take part in New Year celebrations.The government has beefed up security in the coastal belt where organizers have scheduled a maximum number of events and for the New Year bash.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said that compared to last year there is a 20 percent increase in domestic and international tourist during November and December, 2012.More than 1,200 police personnel have been deployed in the state and special traffic arrangements have been made to ensure free flow of traffic in the coastal belt of Goa.The police have decided to deploy its force at churches, places of new year dances, beaches and border check posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17830125", "title": "Railway employees stage protest against station master", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 100 railway employees attached to a union staged a protest at Pallavaram railway station alleging that station manager of the station harassed employees, on Monday. Pallavaram is a suburban railway station in Beach-Tambaram suburban route.Protesters shouted slogans and demanded railway higher ups to take action against the station manager and later lodged a complaint with railway police. They did not block trains.Around 12 women employees who work as ticket examiners and ticketing staff have alleged that the station manager often refused leave and used expletives while talking to them.\"He keeps attendance register inside his room and wants us to go inside and sign it. Those who do not sign are marked absent,\" said a staff K K Lakshmi. Irate staff complained to the union last.A few union members had allegedly ransacked the station manager's room on Saturday when their attempts to mediate on behalf of employees failed.The protest was held today after the station manager harassed employees further on Sunday for taking the issue to the union, alleged an employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824704", "title": "One special court for human trafficking", "text": "MUMBAI: The hope for justice for women that is resounding around the country may stay unrealised unless the government infuses resources into the fight. Activists point out that while the law mandates a special court in every district for cases of human trafficking, Maharashtra at present has just one magistrate to try such crimes. This paucity of special courts, activists argue, impedes swift disposal of trafficking cases and conviction rates.Dr S Anand of the NGO Save the Children notes that India is the \"source, transit route and destination of human trafficking\". In Maharashtra, he says, the \"source area\" of human trafficking is villages, but these regions lack designated courts to deal with the offence. Only Mumbai has a special court for trials related to Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act.Save the Children has been working to prevent human trafficking in \"source areas\", where communities are vulnerable and ignorant of the issue. \"Either police or the prosecution does not present the facts of the case properly. Thus, few convictions take place,\" says Dr Anand.Activists concede that the government has taken positive measures towards rescue of children and women. \"Trafficking does not happen only for flesh trade. The objectives behind the crime also are organ donation and cheap labour. While the government has applied curative measures by rescuing women from brothels, work in the preventive sense is needed,\" says Nandini Thakkar, a lawyer and an activist with Save the Children.Thakkar adds that the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, which was introduced to prevent commercial sexual exploitation, states the need for special courts in relevant districts. But till now, there is one such court in the state. \"Convictions and acquittals in such matters is a long-drawn process. Without proper authority, these cases go unnoticed,\" she explains.Advocate S N Raj concludes, \"The presence of just one special court for PITA cases in Mumbai does cause protraction of trials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828475", "title": "Katrina refuses to communicate with flight attendants", "text": "Talk to the hand or the manager, in Katrina's case since she refuses to communicate with flight attendants even for waterThe effervescent and charming girl on screen - Katrina Kaif has a rather different side to herself as well.According to a fellow traveler in a recent aircraft the actress had boarded, her in-flight manners are far from her fan-friendly, posing-for-pictures self at airports.The actress literally and figuratively gets 'up in the air' if her co passengers are to be believed. So much so, that she refuses to talk to the flight stewards and stewardesses and relies on her dutiful manager to do the needful.A source told TOI, \"Basically every time when Katrina boards a flight, she sits with her manager. When the flight stewardess comes to greet her or ask her about her food preference, she simply turns to her manager instead of talking to the flight attendant directly. She would then tell her food preference to her manager who would then convey it to the stewardess.\"Apparently, her dutiful manager even helps her call out for water or the other in-flight necessities whenever Katrina commands.And in case you were wondering, Kat's behaviour doesn't change with flights-be it domestic or international travel. In fact, the source mentioned that Kat's unusual behaviour isn't new.In fact, an incident, years back surprised a lot of fellow travellers who were a bit too used to the actress' onscreen avtar.Apparently, Kat had lost her cool on an airhostess when she was woken up and asked to fasten her seatbelt. Obviously not in her best behaviour with her slumber party being crashed, Kat had given a piece of her mind to the unsuspecting stewardess who had simply tried to follow the rules. \"Katrina's in-flight manners were once narrated by an airhostess in a television show. The actress refuses to talk to the stewardesses and communicates through her manager seated next to her - even for a bottle of water,\" the source added.Looks like Katrina's manager has more people to deal with than just the media or production houses.Surprisingly, Katrina's mannerisms take a sharp turn on returning to ground level. Once the flight lands, and she is out of the aircraft, Katrina is back to being her cheerful camera friendly self.\"She is very sweet to her fans and often poses for pictures at airports and even indulges kids wanting to take her autograph. Thus for people travelling with her,it's quite a disconnect between her in-flight and on ground avtars,\" said the source.Perhaps she just likes relying on her manager for her every need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825620", "title": "Scientists' tribute to C V Raman", "text": "KOLKATA: Come January 2 and Union science and technology minister S Jaipal Reddy will be in town to inaugurate a memorial to C V Raman, which has been modelled after the country's first science research institute. It has come up over a 600 sqft space at Goenka College on BB Ganguly Street.Had it not been for a few city scientists, the memorial may never have come up in the city. Last year, the group of scientists sent an appeal to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to help them construct a special memorial. After some contemplation, he decided that the plea was worthy of consideration. He ensured through the ministry of science and technology that the demand was met. Happily, the state government, too, agreed with the Centre on the issue.The original building of the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science (IACS), which was established during the era of the Bengal Renaissance and was the first science research institute of India, was situated on these premises and later razed. IACS was established by a celebrated doctor of the times, Mahendralal Sircar, in 1876.The British government offered land to the founder at 210, Bowbazar Street, while the building was set up with the donation of Rs 26,000 provided by Raja Kali Kissen Tagore in 1878. A laboratory soon came up next to the main building with a donation of Rs 60,000 given by the Maharaja of Vizianagram and was christened the Vizianagram Laboratory. It was here that CV Raman researched from 1907 to 1933 and discovered his famous Raman Effect that won him the Nobel Prize in 1930.Right from Sir Asutosh Mukherjee to Sir J C Bose and Meghnad Saha, most science luminaries of the country were associated with IACS during their lifetime. Meghnad Saha later became the director of IACS in 1953 and held the post for the next three years.However, when Bidhan Chandra Roy became the chief minister, he offered land to IACS at Jadavpur for its growth and expansion. In return, the association had to return the land at 210, Bowbazar Street to the state government so that the Goenka College, which was all this while housed inside Presidency College, could be housed independently.\"CV Raman was extremely sad that the original campus of the IACS was not preserved and resigned his membership. This remained a sad episode and so we requested the PM to help us with the construction of a model of the old building of the IACS at the Goenka College premise. We are happy that we have finally been able to pay our tribute to Raman,\" said IACS director, Kankan Bhattacharya. \"We are grateful that the PM himself took interest in the matter and our ministry followed it through,\" he added.The state government agreed to the proposal of the ministry of science and technology and allowed IACS to construct a model of the old building inside Goenka College. Replica of the instruments that were used by Raman for his research will also be displayed inside this model building where regular science lectures will be organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17825704", "title": "Go paragliding in Malda, Siliguri", "text": "MALDA: Adventure in your blood? Then how can you resist the experience of paragliding? But don't fret, you don't have to travel to some distant state or country to get the 'high'.Thanks to the state tourism department, small towns like Malda are now offering the experience after its successful introduction in Digha. And, you can book a 'ride' online before starting your journey.Krishnendu Choudhury, the minister in charge of tourism, inaugurated the power paragliding service in Malda on Sunday. \"Tourists seek the latest forms of entertainment. And if we have to promote the state as a tourism hub, we have to offer such facilities. The initial response has been very encouraging,\" said Choudhury.Apart from tourist hotspots like Dooars, Darjeeling and Sundarbans, paragliding will soon be introduced in Siliguri and smaller towns as well. Choudhury said helicopter services are also being planned in North Bengal and Sunderbans. \"We will introduce a cruise package on the Ganga from Malda's Manikchak that will take tourists to Farakka and Hazarduari,\" he said.Paragliding is quite a new concept in eastern India.Sourik Kar, CEO of Adline Marketing Pvt Ltd that operates the rides, said: \"We have introduced this in Digha to give shape to the chief minister's vision of turning Digha into Goa. The glider can fly up to 16,000 ft, but at Digha, we are flying it at 3,000 ft, which is enough for tourists' enjoyment.\"The two-seated gliding machine can take a person for a 10-minute ride at the cost of Rs 2,500. To quote Trinamool leader Amlan Bhaduri, who was the first to take the ride in Malda at the Aerodrome ground, \"It's a unique experience to view your city from above.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828240", "title": "2012: Goodbyes", "text": "It was a tragic year as many of our favourite celebs passed away. We bid farewell to legends from all walks of life.RAVI SHANKAR (92): The lord of the sitar, who popularized Indian classical music in the West, passed away on Dec 11 in San Diego .LESLEY CLAUDIUS (85): An all-time hockey great, the right-half claimed gold in three Olympics and had the misfortune of leading the Indian team to silver in Rome 1960. He died on December 20.DARA SINGH (83): The gentle giant from Punjab, who conquered the world of professional wrestling as well as Bollywood, breathed his last on July 12.RAJESH KHANNA (69): The fi rst superstar of Hindi fi lm industry, whose superhits include Aradhana, Haathi Mere Saathi and Kati Patang, passed away on July 18.YASH CHOPRA (80): One of Bollywood's premier directors and perhaps the industry's most powerful movie mogul died of dengue on Oct 21.BALASAHEB THACKERAY (86): The Shiv Sena supremo, who lorded over Mumbai and was loved and loathed in equal measure by millions, died on November 17.JASPAL BHATTI (57): The comedian, who brought social satire to television, died in a car accident on Oct 25 near Jalandhar.LAKSHMI SAHGAL (97): The minister in the Azad Hind Govt was the soul of INA's all-woman Rani Jhansi Regiment. Arrested by the British in 1945, her rank, Captain, stuck to her for life. Died on July 23.VILAS RAO DESHMUKH (67): Congressman &amp; former Maharashtra CM died of multiple organ failure in Chennai.AMIT SAIGAL (46): Founder of the Rock Street Journal, who passionately loved rock music, died in a drowning accident in Goa on January 5.BRAJESH MISHRA (84): The former diplomat, who was the all-powerful principal secretary and National Security Adviser in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee govt from 1998-2004, died on Sept 28.I K GUJRAL (93): The mild-mannered former Indian Prime Minister, who briefl y presided over a coalition govt in 1997-98, passed away on Nov 30.SAILEN MANNA (87): One of the greatest footballers to have marshalled the defence for India, Manna died in Kolkata on Feb 27", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823898", "title": "Metro stations likely to reopen; security beefed up for New Year's Eve", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a weeklong clampdown on Metro stations, Delhiites would be able to commute freely on Monday as all stations are likely to be opened.However, three stations - Rajiv Chowk, Barakhamba Road and Patel Chowk - would be closed after 7.30pm for New Year celebrations in Connaught Place.Section 144 CrPC will still be in place in New Delhi district, said police, and no protests would be allowed.Delhi Police do not want to take chances with security arrangements on New Year's Eve and extra companies of paramilitary forces have been deployed in CP and important markets.The intelligence bureau has issued a general alert that terrorists might take advantage of the situation and carry out a terror strike in the capital.\"Maximum staff has been put on ground for new year celebrations and for protests over the gang rape incident,\" said a senior police officer.After the violent protests at India Gate last Sunday, Delhi Police had deployed 2,000 police officers near India Gate and Jantar Mantar. Officials say that the same number would be deployed on Monday.New Delhi district has been under prohibitory orders Section 144 CRPC for the past eight days. Officials say that they are not expecting any major protests on Monday in Delhi but they will be on alert.The special cell and special branch, apart from being part of law and order duty, have been asked to look for criminal elements in the city and spotters have been deployed at markets like Paharganj, Sarojini Nagar and Karol Bagh.Orders have been issued that all CCTV cameras in the capital must be in proper working condition, said a source.Police will be putting pickets on all major roads and would be on the lookout for drunk drivers.The senior officers would also be personally on patrolling in Delhi and special checking pickets have been put on all the entry-exit points of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17829238", "title": "Protest continues at Jantar Mantar; traffic restrictions eased", "text": "NEW DELHI: Demanding justice for 23-year-old woman who was gang-raped in a moving bus in the national capital, the protesters continued to gather at Jantar Mantar on Monday, a day after she was cremated.Various student groups, women activists and citizens who gathered at Jantar Mantar said the protests would continue.\"We will fight for the girl. I'm on hunger strike for the past three days and will continue till the gang-rape victim gets justice and fast-track courts hear cases of sexual harassment,\" Babusingh Ram, who is sitting on a hunger strike told a news channel.Students organisation All India Students Association (AISA) has decided to organise a protest march at 3pm from the Central Park in Connaught Place.\"We are expecting at least a thousand students to participate in the march. We wil raise our voice till our demands are met,\" Sucheta De, general secretary, AISA said.Meanwhile, Delhi Police lifted all traffic restrictions during the day. However, partial restrictions will be back from 7pm in view of New Year celebrations.\"No vehicle will be allowed after 7pm in and around Connaught Place in central Delhi beyond Minto Road-Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg crossing, Bengali Market, and Chelmsford Road,\" a Delhi traffic police advisory said.Apart from this, three Metro Stations - Rajiv Chowk, Barakhamba Road and Patel Chowk - will shut down early at 7.30pm on Monday, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) said on Sunday.\"The commuters will not be allowed to enter or leave the three stations because of security restrictions for New Year celebrations,\" Delhi Metro said in a statement. Tickets will not be sold at these stations after 7.15pm.However, the passengers will be able to interchange stations at Rajiv Chowk till 11pm. All other stations on the Delhi Metro network will function as usual.The 23-year-old victim, who was gang-raped Dec 16 in a moving bus was quietly cremated on Sunday morning after her body was flown in from Singapore , where she succumbed to her injuries in a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827156", "title": "Apoorva Lakhia saves David Dhawan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s life", "text": "It was a close shave for David Dhawan at Bunty Walia's wedding reception on Friday night .The filmmaker, who had forgotten to eat the mandatory sweet food article after his insulin injection, collapsed at the party. Help came from unexpected quarters in the form of Apoorva Lakhia, who rushed Dhawan to Lilavati Hospital in the nick of time.Back home on Sunday morning, Dhawan told TOI, \"Apoorva was wonderful. My family and I can't thank him enough for what he did.\"Reliving the Friday nightmare, he said, \"I went to Bunty's party after taking my insulin injection for my diabetic condition. But I forgot to take the compulsory sweet thereafter. Four to five hours passed and my stomach was empty. Suddenly, I started shivering and broke out into a sweat. My wife arrived after ten minutes. In the meantime, I was fed some chocolate. At Lilavati tests were done immediately. All is well now.\"Strangely, no one other than Apoorva and Kunal Kohli came forward to help that night.Apparently, they were too shocked to react at Dhawan's sudden collapse. Needless to say, Dhawan has a lot to thank Apoorva for.We hear his two sons will be personally visiting Apoorva to thank him for saving their dad's life. Just as well...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828187", "title": "Hope for a 'woman-friendly' 2013", "text": "Bangaloreans wish for a safer, corruption-free and brighter New YearFor India, 2012 ended on a gruesome note. The untimely death of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student, after falling victim to a gang-rape, shocked the nation and its citizens into action, demanding justice. In the year gone by, the people finally stood up to make their voices heard, be it with the anti-corruption drive spearheaded by Anna Hazare or the call for justice for slain North-eastern student Richard Loitam.Everything, though, was not about an uprising. The nation had its shining moments too. Unfortunately, there were way too many issues that outshone them. We spoke to some of the city's movers and shakers about their wishlist for a better 2013...Harish Bijoor, brand-strategy specialistI wish to see an enlightened India, a place where its citizens will go out of the way when they see someone down. I wish to see citizens participate in issues and movements. We must rise above petty issues and participate in issues that do not concern us as well. That is true blue community living. I wish to see intelligent solutions for issues that challenge us. Not band-aid solutions that our governance structures offer. We need an attitude of zerotolerance in place. Men and women must participate in this zero-tolerance movement towards rape.Charu Sharma, sports commentatorWomen's safety is a priority. We cannot possibly have e n o u g h policemen to patrol every square yard of our country. To have more policemen/women is not the answer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d because the ones who are already employed are badly trained and very badly paid. So, one minor solution is set up better sensitivity training for cops and serious criminal punishment to cops for dereliction of duty/corruption.The problem, though, begins with our parenting. With generations of Indian parents glorifying the male child and ignoring (if not killing) the girl child, males will be stronger anyway and then grow up feeling superior.If you truly want a drastic reduction in crimes against women, the punishment for even the smallest crime (if proven) should be drastic. So drastic that the impact of the punishment should be publicly visible for a lifetime.The need of the hour is also a younger governance force. There is an increasing disconnect with the governed. But governance problems are more due to the 'Party' diktat system and corruption, than age. We talk about punishment for rape. Why do we not realize that our entire population is being 'raped' every single moment due to the crippling corruption we face at every level of governance. So, if there the death penalty for rape \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there should be death for corruption.Priya Chetty-Rajagopal, vice-president of an executive search firmGrowth brings with it troubles and stretching , aches and pains. Can we just shake our heads and shrug and get on with it? That's what we are trying to do. And it must stop. Accountability and interdependence should be clarified, fingerprinting and passing the buck must cease. The year 2020 will see India as the youngest demographic nation with at least 70% of the population under 40. This needs to be reflected in the governing class. Certainly, a young nation will not begin to comprehend an 80-plus Chief Minister who feels that young women 'ask for it' by being out after 9 pm. It may be time, nay a necessity, for a youth reservation in parliament, if we are going to reflect the needs and aspirations of a younger, hungrier nation. 2013 should ring out the old, ring in the new. And if we are lucky, it will ring in the good.Anita Nair, authorThe police should set up a database of sexual crime offenders like they do internationally and these known offenders should be monitored even after serving their sentence. I wish we do not have to endure idiotic and immature politicians like Botsa Satyanarayana, Abhijit Mukherjee or the one in Rajasthan who has advocated the banning of skirts as school uniforms as a safety measure. What next? The burkha as school uniform? I wish we remember that India is for all Indians. That we are free to travel and live anywhere in our country with neither fear nor restraint I wish we learnt to accept and assimilate unfamiliar cultural elements without being narrow-minded or bigoted about it.Puneeth Rajkumar, actor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825603", "title": "Top cop booked for harassment", "text": "AURANGABAD: In August, a woman constable complained to the Maharashtra State Women's Commission (MSWC) against ACPs Sandeep Bhajibhakare, K S Bahure and Naresh Meghrajani for alleged sexual harassment.She also approached Shiv Sena leader Neelam Gorhe who met the police commissioner Sanjay Kumar and sought action against the guilty.Acting on the directions of MSWC, an inquiry was conducted against the senior police officials by DCP Somnath Gharge.In September, the woman constable was suspended as part of disciplinary action against her, only to be reinstated after some time. She went missing on December 12, but turned up a few days later.On December 22, the DG's office sent a letter to the Aurangabad police commissionorate directing it to book Bhajibhakare within five days.When the woman constable could not be traced, the complaint was lodged by inspector Sarojini Kadam in charge of the women's redressal cell on December 27 under section 509 (word, gesture or committed any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman).The woman constable returned on December 28 and claimed that she was taken by Bhajibhakare and his wife to a hotel in Mumbai and forced to sign an affidavit stating that she did not have any complaints against any officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17827045", "title": "All Nirbhaya wanted was a government job", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mother mourned in the silence of an intensive care unit at a government hospital. The storm within her was evident on her face, wrinkled with the memories of the trauma of a daughter brutalized by rapists and condemned to a slow and painful death.Her attendant in this hour of grief was a 23-year-old woman, who had been to school with Nirbhaya, remembered by the neighbourhood as \"bright, intelligent and focused on achieving her dreams\".Just before the cremation, the mother lost consciousness. Her admission in an ICU led to concern being raised over her condition but sources said it was a precautionary measure. Doctors said she was on her way to recovery but the scars will take time to heal.The mother had been with the victim all through her agonizing journey of 13 days. She was suffering from recurrent bouts off fainting. Besides being affected by stress, she appeared to have not eaten properly for the past two weeks. The hospital discharged her at 6.30pm.Neighbours said the mother, despite the financial odds, had focused on her children's education and Nirbhaya, a top scorer both in school and college, had given the family hope. She was a mentor to her two brothers - the younger in Class Xth and the elder a student of engineering - a pillar of support to her father and life of the family. She knew she had to claw her way up and she was willing to wait. She would never fail to smile and was a A neighbour who has known the role model for the kids in the neigh- family for over 15 years said his bourhood. daughter and Nirbhaya went to school together. Nirbhaya was the intelligent one and took up science at the plus two level. She was ambitious and determined to make a mark. To supplement the family income - her father is a loader at the airport and had sold off his land to fund her education - she gave tuitions to children in the area.She went on to complete a professional course in physiotherapy from a Dehradun institute. \"She had returned to Delhi just a little over a month ago and was waiting for her final results. She was hoping to get a good job in a government hospital after her internship. Bahut saral ladki thi. Padhne ka shauk tha (She was very simple and enjoyed her studies a lot),\" a close family friend said.Now that family members and neighbours are piecing together her life, one can understand the origin of her zest for life. Studying hard, she took pleasure in small things, waiting for her moment. That's why while slowly inching towards death, she never gave up.In a neighborhood marked by poverty and illiteracy, education of children is seen as a route to a better life. That Nirbhaya's intelligence is remembered by most as her striking characteristic is no wonder. She was a simple girl who pursued her aspirations quietly.Hence, she has become a symbol of the simple dreams, many struggles and aspirations of lakhs of young women trying to rise above the odds. The brutal assault that ended her life has given a voice to all Indian women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825318", "title": "Ludhiana teenager all excited", "text": "LUDHIANA: The New Year is all set to be special for 14-year-old artist Jannatpreet, who is awaiting the release of two movies in which she is playing the lead roles.Having already acted in eight movies, 60 video albums and two serials, Jannat is all set to achieve a new height in her acting career with the release of these movies.The teen actor said, \"A Punjabi movie in which I have acted with Jasvinder Bhalla and Guggu Gill is likely to release in first half of the next year. The film is sure to interest youngsters as it is all about school life.\"Jannat is equally excited about another movie in which she has got a chance to work with Shakti Kapoor, Pankaj Beri and Mushatq Khan. \"This one is a horror movie and I am playing the lead role,\" she said.Elaborating on her experiences during the shooting, she said, \"I have been travelling to Udaipur and Mumbai to shoot for the movies. The best part is that I have done all the stunts on my own, with one being most memorable. During one of the stunts I had to jump from 50-feet height. I ended up injuring my knee but it was worth it as everyone applauded me for doing the stunt on my own.\"Talking about the actors that inspire her most, Jannat said, \"My favourite actors are Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar , Rekha and Katrina Kaif. I hope and pray that I will be able to act like them some day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "17824180", "title": "Cabral intervenes in Curchorem market issue", "text": "CURCHOREM: The intervention by Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral has helped resolve the impasse over the proposed construction of the new commercial complex in Curchorem by the Curchorem Cacora municipal council (CCMC) which entails demolition of the existing municipal market building which, the CCMC says, is structurally unsafe.The lessees occupying the municipal market building had opposed the demolition of the old building and had instead demanded that structural repairs be carried out to the existing building, thus leading to a standoff between the lessees and the civic body. Despite holding several meetings with the lessees, the CCMC was unable to persuade them to agree for the demolition of the building.Sensing that any opposition to the project would derail development plans of the city, Cabral convened a meeting of the lessees and the CCMC last week in an attempt to make the traders see reason.At the meeting, the CCMC explained to the lessees that the run-down structure posed a threat to the safety of the occupants of the building, and therefore any delay in bringing down the building was not in the interest of the public.The lessees were cautioned that the CCMC would not be responsible for any untoward incident in view of the perilous condition of the building if the occupants refused to agree to its demolition.The traders and professionals doing business in the existing building were assured of temporary rehabilitation at an alternative place until the new commercial complex is constructed.Speaking to TOI, CCMC chief officer Agnelo Fernandes said \"A memorandum of understanding will be signed between the lessees and the CCMC that the new commercial complex will be constructed within 18 months of the demolition of the old building. All affected will be accommodated in shops and spaces vacant at the SUDA market complex. They will be rehabilitated in the new market complex once it is completed. The traders have agreed to the proposal and have assured us of their cooperation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825587", "title": "Lucknow zoo to swap chimp with another in Kanpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: What Lucknow zoo's popular chimpanzee Jason could not do, his counterpart from Kanpur zoo would. Hopeful that pairing Chhaju, a chimp from Kanpur zoo with Nikita, a female of the specie in Lucknow zoo will add to population of chimpanzees in the the state zoos, the forest department has decided to swap the male chimps between the two zoos in the state.Lucknow zoo, about three years back, had mooted a proposal to bring in Chhaju as a 'breeding loan' from Kanpur zoo. The much talked about chimps of the Lucknow zoo, Jason and Nikita, were brought in exchange of one of the most popular inmates of zoo, Khushi, the female giraffe, in 2007 from Mysore zoo. The pair has since been together but the fact that the two never mated, has caused worry to Lucknow zoo officials.Zoo officials are of the view that since Jason and Nikita have a different parentage, there could not be a siblings-not-ready-to-mate kind of a problem. Jason never reacted to the female's advances and that's the reason zoo officials wanted to bring in Chhaju as a breeding loan from Kanpur. \"We have finally got the go-ahead for the exchange. Chhajju will replace Jason here,\" said Renu Singh, director, Lucknow zoo.Chhajju has merely a display value at Kanpur because there is no female there to pair him with. The baby chimp will go to Kanpur zoo. On the other hand, Lucknow zoo will also send one of its two female zebras to Kanpur zoo, where a male of the specie is present. The new born will be brought to Lucknow zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825242", "title": "CM to inaugurate many projects", "text": "KANPUR: Preparations are on for the visit of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on January 3.The CM would inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of a number of developmental projects. These include construction of roads and footpaths, beautification of parks, construction road at Ganga Barrage which would connect Kanpur with Unnao and Lucknow.Yadav would also inaugurate the school at GIC ground and a second branch of KDMA School in Keshavpuram, Avas Vikas.He would lay the foundation stone of the road connecting the state capital with Kanpur. This route will give the people another route to head towards Lucknow.It may reduce the traffic load on the Kanpur-Lucknow highway on Ganga bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824405", "title": "Pratibha Patil wants no mercy for Nirbhaya's rapists", "text": "A year ago, when the crisis-ridden home department, led by P Chidambaram , recommended that the death sentence of four accused in gangrape cases be commuted to life imprisonment, the then president Pratibha Patil had quietly accepted the proposal. Significantly, now when her comments were sought on the accused in the Nirbhaya gangrape case, she observed that they have no right to live and that absolutely no mercy should be shown to them.For Patil, who relinquished her office in July, it was difficult to explain her decision to commute the death sentence to life imprisonment. Patil observed that she had no option but to follow the procedure. When she sought the opinion of the home department on the crucial case, it recommended that the death sentence should be commuted to life imprisonment. She accepted the opinion and, accordingly, they were sentenced to life imprisonment. Patil did make it clear that life imprisonment does not mean that they will be released after 14 years or 22 years, but they will remain in jail for their entire life. However, Patil remarked that even though she had accepted the advice of the home department, in the Nirbhaya gangrape case, she feels that the accused have no right to live. Patil, who was the first woman president of India, felt that the government will have to initiate stringent measures for the safety and dignity of women. Merely enacting new laws will not be enough, the government must ensure that they are implemented in letter and spirit.No luck in CM's hometownIn Satara, the hometown of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, law enforcing agencies have failed to either detain or arrest the accused involved in sensitive cases. After all their so-called efforts failed to nab the culprits, the district superintendent of police has now displayed the names of all the accused on notice boards outside police stations and sought help from the citizens to nab them. It was found that activists of the BJP , Shiv Sena , MNS and VHP were booked for their alleged involvement in agitations and protests for a public cause, some were involved in criminal cases too. As per the provisions of law, they were booked under cognizable and non-bailable offences under the Indian Penal Code, Bombay Police Act and the Criminal Procedure Code.Some of them were even arrested and later released on bail. Subsequently, it was found that as per bail conditions, they were neither reporting to police stations nor attending the courts on the specified dates. Under such circumstances, the law enforcing agencies had no option but to embark upon a new plan to ensure their presence at the police station. As letters sent to their homes were not delivered as the addressee was not found, the SP has put up notices in all police stations, saying, if an individual has any information on the whereabouts of the accused persons, he should inform the nearest police station. Clearly, all is not well in the CM's hometown, said a senior IPS officer.Quiet crusaderEven as Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde is at the receiving end for inept handling of the situation in the wake of the gangrape of 23-year-old Nirbhaya, his daughter, Praniti, a Congress legislator from Solapur, has quietly adopted a rape victim in her constituency. A week after the girl was raped on the premises of a private factory in the textile township, when Praniti heard the victim's parents have rejected her after the horrific incident, she (Praniti) personally called on her and drafted a comprehensive action plan for her rehabilitation.Besides rehabilitation and financial assistance, Praniti will counsel the victim for overcoming the trauma. Says Praniti, \"It's not only question of money, a rape victim needs effective counselling and we need to convince her that in this hour of crisis, she is not alone, but that the entire society is with her. Praniti is sure that the victim will come out of the trauma and will be able to lead a normal life. Praniti feels that it's high time that the state government takes immediate steps for the immediate disposal of all pending cases of serious crime against women, set up special women cells in all police stations and rape crisis centers across the state. The action plan should not be on paper, but the government must create a mechanism to ensure that decisions taken for the dignity and safety of women are implemented in letter and spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824953", "title": "Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plight now part of gurdwara discourses", "text": "The Delhi gang rape victim is our daughter too. Politicians had initially reacted with smugness, for which they are known for, but for peoples' reaction.JALANDHAR: It's no comment by a social activist or enraged youth venting anger over Nirbhaya's plight. The comment was part of recent discourses by said Punjabi ballad singer Pushpinder Kaur in gurudwaras in Punjab and Delhi.Nirbhaya's trauma and the subsequent public outrage is becoming part of religious discourses delivered daily at the Sikh gurudwaras in Delhi and many other cities, towns and villages in Punjab. Her trauma and public anger is being evoked frequently in these discourses also telecast live by many gurudwaras.During the weekly congregation at the historic Gurudwara Tahli Sahib in Kapurthala on Sunday, the 'ardaas' or prayer in a standing position, was for \"peace to Delhi victim's soul, strength to her family to come to terms with the loss and peace in the country.\"Prayers and discourses - which are attended in large numbers and are also telecast -- are also exhorting women to rise against crime and jibes against politicians are being made.\"The ruling elite has proved its callousness by not acting against those who raped hapless women in November 1984 in Delhi. Alas, people did not come onto the streets for justice then,\" Pushpinder Kaur added in her discourse during her discourses in the gurudwara at Dugri in Ludhiana and at Dukh Niwaran and Yamuna Paar in Delhi.Another ballad singer of 'dhaadi', Gurdial Singh Lakhpur, during his programmes in villages in the past week, has sought to exhort Sikhs to follow the examples of bravery and chivalry from Sikh history to combat those who assaulted women.\"We have to strengthen our value system passed on by the Gurus. It is the duty of Sikhs to come to the rescue of a woman under attack. Since the time of the gurus, Sikhs have sacrificed their lives to protect the honour of women. Our ancestors protected the womenfolk from foreign invaders. We should follow their example,\" said Lakhpur, in his discourses.And, in the widely-viewed live telecast of daily discourse from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib in Delhi, its head granthi Giani Harnam Singh on Sunday mentioned the case in his discourse.While sharing the grief of the family of the victim and praising her for her will power, Giani Harnam Singh also praised the people for having \"finally taken up the grave issue concerning our daughter.\"At the Gurudwara Nauvin Patshahi in Guru Teg Bahadur Nagar in Jalandhar, the Saturday evening discourse mentioned: \"We have been demanding tough punishment for rapists. But, the political class and police did not react till this outpouring of public anger.\"Reference was also made at Gurudwara Dukh Niwaran in Ludhiana. \"The outrage came late but this incident seems to have pricked the nation's conscience,\" said Phushpinder Kaur, who leads her 'dhaadi jatha' (group of balllad singers), during her discourse.Scripture link'Nirbhay' and 'Nirbhau,' commonly used words in Gurbani, mean fearless. Even the \"mool mantra\" (beginning) of Guru Granth Sahib mentions 'nirbhau' (fearless) as one character of god. Gurbani and Sikhism exhort followers to grow 'nirbhau' as they follow a 'nirbhau' god.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824709", "title": "BRTS to tape your travel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police are now hoping to look inside BRTS buses on a daily basis. Electronic eyes will soon be watching every move you make inside a BRTS bus.In accordance with a project taken up recently, the Ahmedabad Janmarg limited (AJL) which operates BRTS in the city hopes to get these surveillance gadgets in place by September.This project has drawn the attention of city police officials who were already looking to get some more electronic eyes for security purposes.\"In the wake of the Delhi gang rape incident and terror threat that the city continues to face, electronic surveillance inside BRTS buses will be a big help,\" said a senior city police official.The police have formally asked the AJL officials to share the closed circuit TV (CCTV) footage of the buses and also that CCTVs be installed in BRTS stations too.\"Video footage collected from the BRTS buses and stations will have to be regularly shared with the city police. We shall implement the project in a phase-wise manner starting with buses plying in Chandkheda,\" said an AJL official.The AJL in September had on an experimental basis installed CCTVs in Shivaranjani and Nehrunagar BRTS bus stations. These were mainly to monitor peak-hour traffic and to see whether live footages from these cameras were compatible with the IT system that were installed at the BRTS control room in Usmanpura. \"In November, after collision of two BRTS buses in Ranip it was decided that CCTV cameras will be a feature on all new BRTS buses,\" says an AJL official.\"We will be approaching AJL for a system in place where we can monitor the footage on a frequent basis. This system can help us monitor vulnerable transport systems that can be targeted by anti-social elements in future, criminals like pick pockets and miscreants who harass women,\" says a senior official in city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17819130", "title": "Our society is sick, needs treatment: Kunal Kapoor", "text": "The silent protest led by Shabana Azmi resonated with angry sentiments against the administration and judiciary. With hundreds in attendance, the gathering urged the political class to take swift action.The city that saw nurse Aruna Shanbaug turn into a vegetable 40 years ago after being sexually assaulted by a ward boy and more recently, 25-year-old Pallavi Purkayastha being murdered by a watchman for spurning his sexual advances, erupted in anger once again to the news of Nirbhaya's death. The 23-year-old Delhi girl, brutally gangraped a fortnight ago, was christened Nirbhaya by The Times Of India for her will to live.Now, her death seems to have awakened our society, which has been fighting passiveness for a long time. Simultaneous protests erupted in various parts of the country after news of her death spread. In Mumbai, Shabana Azmi called for a silent protest. The march, from Juhu Beach to Kaifi Azmi park, saw many Bollywood and theatre personalities, including Deepika Padukone , Ranveer Singh , Nadira Babbar and Om Puri show up. The unanimous sentiment at the march was that cities need to become safer for women and parents shouldn't feel scared when daughters step out. Jaya Bachchan broke down as she spoke about the \"horror\" Nirbhaya had faced.Javed Akhtar suggested a few changes, including holding senior police officials accountable for such crimes. Others like Hema Malini , Ritesh Sidhwani , Goldie Behl, Sonali Bendre , Kalpana Lajmi, Zoya Akhtar , Mahesh Bhatt, Soni Razdan, Sulbha Arya, Lalit Pandit, Tisca Chopra, Mandira Bedi , Shahana Goswami, Vaibhavi Merchant, Ashoke Pandit, Ram Sampath and Sona Mohapatra, too, joined the gathering.We won't cry - Shabana AzmiWe will not cry. We will not scream. We will not forget, because that would be a great betrayal to the brave girl. Her death is a clarion call. We mustn't let this anger die down.We are late - Jaya BachchanI come from a family of girls. There are many girls in my family. I feel scared when I think of what the 23-year-old had to go through. Whatever we did was very late. We should collectively apologise to the family.I am shocked - Deepika PadukoneIt's not something any one of us expected. I am shocked and I am apalled. But beyond this, I have nothing else to add or say.Part of the youth - Ranveer SinghI'm here as part of the youth of the nation and I feel pissed off, ashamed that something so despicable has happened in our country. I am standing here as part of a collective voice. I hope some positive change takes place now.Gathered to introspect - Prasoon JoshiWe've gathered here today to intospect what's happening to our society and why we have such an outlook towards women. Let's not forget this rape case like all the others we've forgotten.Education is very important - Sonu NigamNorth Indian boys have a different mindset. If I'd lived there longer, maybe I would've become like that, too. They must be taught to respect women. They feel every woman will satisfy their hunger. Punishment is important, but education is far more important.Wasn't just rape, but attempt to murder - Om PuriYeh dardnaak nahi, khaufnaak ghatna hai. This wasn't just rape, but attempt to murder and to destroy evidence. The police alone cannot do anything. We all must take collective responsibility to change society and its outlook towards women.Kunal Kapoor said that our society has been sick for a very long time and it's time it is treatedHow to download &amp; use alive appStep 1 : Get Alive app: Give a missed call to 18001023324 or visit aliveapp.in .Step 2 : Open Alive app on your phone and scan this picture by focussing your phone's camera on it. On Android/iOS, it will scan automatically; on other phones, click on options, then, capture.Step 3 : Watch the photo come alive. View it and share it with friends.Available on select Android (version 2.2 and above), iOS (version 4.3 and above), BB (version 5.0 and above) and Symbian (version S60 and above) handsets.Missed call application powered by timesmobile", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17823994", "title": "Loud music has not stopped at turtle beach", "text": "MAPUSA: Loud music continued to be played at Morjim beach over the weekend despite the deputy collector banning parties as the beach has been declared a turtle nesting site. Sources said there are nine music events in Morjim and seven in Ashvem lined up on New Year's Eve.Though having earlier permitted the parties, Pernem deputy collector Meena Naik Goltekar kept all permissions to music events in Morjim and Ashvem in abeyance after directives from the Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority (GCZMA). Goltekar's order directed those holding permission to obtain fresh authorization from GCZMA.\"It is shocking how the deputy collector's office permitted late night parties despite a ban on them at turtle-nesting sites. Parties were going on till late night on Friday and Saturday and we had to call the police to stop the loud music,\" Morjim resident Rama Shetgaonkar said.\"The order should be implemented and there should be a mechanism to monitor violations,\" he added.The deputy collector's revocation of permissions came after the NGO 'people for animals' petitioned the authorities not to issue permissions for parties on the beach as loud music and lights dissuade turtles from coming to shore.Making a specific reference to turtle-nesting sites, the new shack policy states that no music or bright lights will be permitted near turtle nesting sites at Morjim after 6pm.Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) had, in November last year, designated Mandrem and Morjim in north Goa, and Agonda and Galgibaga in south Goa as turtle-nesting beaches.\"It is sad that this year too authorities have issued approvals for parties on a turtle-nesting beach. At least now permissions have been kept in abeyance. The authorities should see to it that loud music is not played illegally,\" Kalpesh Gawde said.Villagers fear that blaring music and psychedelic lights are likely to disturb the peace in the village.'Loud music leads to death of senior citizen'Mapusa: An elderly lady died on Sunday in Morjim allegedly because of loud music being played on Friday and Saturday nights. Citizens under the banner of Pernem Swabhimani Nagrik Samiti have written to Pernem police seeking that an offence be registered against those playing the music.According to the complaint, the lady was bed-ridden with blood pressure problems and resided within 1 km of two resorts that played loud music over the weekend and could not sleep for two nights because of the noise. The complainants alleged that loud music was played despite revocation of permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825379", "title": "Glowing tributes to gang-rape victim", "text": "KANPUR: The mourning for the gang-rape victim turned into protests on Sunday.Hundreds of people, NGOs and students came on roads, demanding change in laws and better measures for protection of women in the country.At several places like Gandhi Pratima (Phoolbagh), Shivaji Nagar, VIP Road and Mootijheel, people gathered for peaceful protests. Some protesters shouted for justice, others for the death penalty to the rapists.The members of 'The Orange Revolution', a group of five girls from the city studying in Delhi University took out a candle march from Rajeev Chauk at Mootijheel to Ashok Nagar on Sunday evening.\"Initially, the nation was demanding justice for Nirbhaya, but now we are fighting for ourselves. Laws should be amended, justice should be done. But before that, we all need to change our mindset,\" said a member of the group.A group of women took out a march to express anguish over the lackadaisical approach of government on the issue related to crime against women. \"There is an immediate need to create such an environment in India where no woman is treated in this manner,\" they said.Another group of youth organized a signature campaign at Ghantaghar, in which hundreds of students, women and passer-by wrote messages.A group of men sitting at Bharat Mata Pratima demanded healthy atmosphere for women.Another group of girls took out a march, demanding protection to women. They shouted slogans and passed through various localities.A group of girls performed a 'hawan' at Phoolbagh to pay tribute to the gang-rape victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17832272", "title": "I know my limitations: Chidambaram on PM candidature", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I know my limitations. And I live and conduct myself according to my limitations.\" This was the response of finance minister P Chidambaram today when asked to comment on DMK chief M Karunanidhi's remarks that he was potential prime ministerial candidate.\"I don't know whether I should take your question very seriously. But let me give you a very serious answer. I know my limitations. And I live and conduct myself according to my limitations,\" he told reporters here.Yesterday, Karunanidhi had supported a suggestion by actor Kamal Hassan that the finance minister was a potential prime ministerial candidate.Chidambaram said if the reporters were expecting a light-hearted comment then \"I tell you this: I know that some of you think I am foolish. But I am not so foolish as you think.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830317", "title": "'Aadhi Bhagavan' in full swing", "text": "Jayam Ravi starrer 'Aadhi Bhagavan' directed by Ameer is being fast completed at a brisk pace and is expected to hit the screens soon. Jayam Ravi is done with his part of the dubbing and the post production work for the film is on full swing.Actress Neetu Chandra, who stars opposite Jayam Ravi in the movie is kicked about having performed some daredevil stunts. IT is to be noted that Neetu is a martial arts expert and she has already won three black belts Taekwondo, a Korean martial art.Yuvan Shankar Raja has composed the music for ' Aadhi Bhagavan ', which is produced by J Anbazhagan. Recenlty an official Facebook page and as well as a offical website (aadhibhagavan.com) for the movie was launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825030", "title": "Gang of vehicle lifters busted, five held", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch of the Sohna police have arrested five members of the gang who had robbed a vehicle loaded with iron rods in Bilaspur area on the night of December 25.Police have also recovered two stolen bikes, a country-made pistol and live cartridges from their possession, and are interrogating them.\"During preliminary interrogation, the suspects have confessed to stealing more than 40 vehicles apart from hijacking the canter loaded with iron rods,\" said inspector Tarun Dahiya, in charge, crime branch, Sohna.The suspects have been identified as Aarif, a resident of Bawla village in Mewat, Rajendra, a resident of Ramgarh in Alwar district in Rajasthan, Aareef, a resident of Chilla village in Mewat, Man Singh alias Monu, a native of Bharatpur in Rajasthan, and Ajay alias Akshay, a resident of Hapur in Uttar Pradesh.A senior police officer said the suspects have been active in Gurgaon, Delhi, Faridabad, Rewari and Mewat for the last few years.While robbing the canter on December 25, the suspects had threatened the three persons in the vehicle, including the driver, with a gun, and tied them into a tree in a field before fleeing with the vehicle.Later, they unloaded the iron rods and abandoned the vehicle. The next day, the police had discovered the vehicle near Tauru.\"We are questioning the suspects and will produce them before the court on Monday. We are working to recovered the iron rods and others stolen vehicles from their possession,\" said an investigator in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825971", "title": "Warje murder suspect in custody till January 04", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Sunday sent Rizwan Mustafa Patel, a suspect in the double murder case of Warje, in police custody remand till January 4.Kamlakar Ranjeri and his wife Simla were murdered in their apartment allegedly by Sunny Lama, who worked as a cook in their house, with five others on December 25.Patel was picked up from his Agripada residence in Mumbai and was brought to Pune after investigations pointed at his involvement in the crime. It was further found that Sunny Lama had conspired with Patel and four others to murder and loot Rs 50 lakh from the couple who got it after selling their two-bedroom flat on December 14.Lama had told Sagar Kurkula about his plan who in turn gathered Patel and others to hatch the plan. The suspects fled in the couple's car which was found abandoned near Lonavla bus stand.Assistant public prosecutor Rajendra Suryavanshi told the court that the custodial interrogation of Patel was essential for tracing his other accomplices and seizing weapons and stolen property.Patel was an accomplice of Sunny Lama, who worked as a cook at the couple's residence at Sterling apartment in Warje-Malwadi. Police have registered a case of murder against Lama and had booked Dil Bahadur Tamang (20), a student of a city-based engineering college, who also stayed with the couple Kamlakar Ranjeri and his wife Simla. Investiga-tions have revealed that Tamang was at his native place in Nepal when the murder occurred. His name was dropped from the list of suspects named in the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ballia", "code": "17825600", "title": "Nirbhaya's grandfather thankful for massive support in fight for justice", "text": "BALLIA: Even as pall bearers carried Nirbhaya's body to the cremation grounds in New Delhi on Sunday morning, the pall of gloom, like the fog outside, thickened over her family in the native village. With neighbours back in their quarters, they finally had time to grieve alone. Speaking to TOI, Nirbhaya's grandfather said: \"We are grateful for the support we received in protest of what happened to Nirbhaya. Otherwise, this fight for justice could never have been fought.\"The women in the family, though, stayed indoors for yet another day, even as family elders gathered together to plan ahead for Nirbhaya's parents' return. Her grandfather said, \"Her parents and younger siblings will reach Ballia on Tuesday. The 13-day-long last rites will be performed here.\"For a village that has known little attention, the last few days have been nearly unreal. The local BJP MLA and some leaders of the ruling Samajwadi Party have made repeated visits after the news of Nirbhaya's death broke. But the flurry of activity that has catapulted this little-known village into limelight is now raising questions about what the \"system\" proposes to do to ensure no girl has to undergo what Nirbhaya went through.\"Primarily, people leave this village because they want to grow and prosper. Even the basic health and education infrastructure is missing here. After seeing what happened to Nirbhaya, even the county's capital does not appear safe. We don't need sympathy; we need them to promise us development. If there are better facilities here, we will make sure our children stay here, safely, among their own,\" said Bharat Paswan, a resident of Nirbhaya's village.That, however, is a promise none have made. For one, UP's Revenue Minister Ambika Chaudhary, even though he lost the assembly elections this year, belongs to the region. There's also a bevy of senior Congress leaders who hail from this region are conspicuous by their absence. State Minister for Home, RPN Singh, may have made up by being present at Nirbhaya's funeral on Sunday morning, but other leaders from East UP, sitting MLA Akhilesh Pratap Singh, and Congress zonal chiefs Anugrah Narain Singh and Raja Ram Pal have not visited the familyu, even to offer sympathies. The sitting BJP MLA, Upendra Tiwari, also visited only after he smelt an opportunity to be heard and photographed. \"What help can they possible promise us,\" Nirbhaya's uncle said.It's only been a day since Nirbhaya lost a valiant battle for survival after suffering unimaginable trauma on December 16. For her family members, the scars the gruesome incident has left behind are permanent. As the crowds cleared from her native village, there was only one question on the residents' minds - how much longer before the system forgets?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824702", "title": "Cops look for Juhu groper, locals vow to make area safer", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the Juhu police have launched a manhunt for a youth who allegedly groped a 29-year-old woman on Juhu beach, residents of the area have resolved to make their locality safe so that women do not have anything to fear about while stepping out of their homes.The country might be outraged by the heinous crimes against women but ironically, on Saturday, just a few steps from where celebrities held a candle-light vigil for Nirbha ya, a woman was groped by a youth. A resident of Juhu, the woman had come to the beach for a stroll with her husband. On spotting the demonstration by celebrities, as the couple inched towards the crowd for a better look, a youth walked up to the woman and allegedly groped her. She and her husband managed to catch the accused but his friends reportedly helped him flee.\"Before they could bring the accused to the police, he managed to give the couple a slip. We later tried to trace him but failed to find him,\" said additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre Patil.Rattled by the incident and fed up with the constant onslaught on women, Juhu residents have decided to form a squad of youth that will try to ensure that women have the freedom to walk alone on the streets. \"We have asked the police to help us form youth squads. Each group will have 10 youngsters who will make the rounds of areas they stay in and work towards keeping sexual harassers at bay. Duties to each group will be allocated area-wise. A message should go out that even the lanes of Juhu are under surveillance,\" said activist Ashoke Pandit.\"We want to create a fear psychosis in the minds of harassers. We will involve our local corporators, MLAs and MPs. We are looking for sponsors for CCTV cameras for every by-lane. We have asked the civic body to instal street lights in certain areas,\" added the activist.Residents also think that to make their locality safer, school buses parked in the lanes of JVPD Scheme should be removed as \"various illegal activities are carried out inside the vehicles\". \"School buses from places like Mahim and Dadar are parked in JVPD Scheme. The vehicles are not locked at night and many troublemakers, including drug-addicts, take advantage of it. We have written to the Juhu police to disallow parking of school buses in JVPD Scheme,\" said Pandit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826408", "title": "Budding journalists get a peek into media world", "text": "BANGALORE: Television and radio have become constants in our lives. Day in and out, newscasts, advertisements and radio broadcasts are thrust at us. It's no surprise then, that schools are giving students an insight into the field at a young age.At Ryan International School, Kundanahalli, students of Class V to VIII learn the nuances of journalism and advertising as part of their regular school curriculum. With one period a week built into their timetable, students learn reporting, script writing, handling a camera, and editing. They also learn to write and shoot advertisements for TV and radio as part of the media studies programme. A lot of visual learning takes place, apart from discussions and slide shows.A full-fledged studio in school ensures they have access to the equipment. Students also get to face the camera as they prepare news capsules. The faculty grades them on their performance at the end of the year.The brainchild of school chairman Dr Augustine Pinto, the programme aims to give students a peek into the field. Says Sharmila Anilesh, coordinator, Iceplex Studio, \"The chairman feels students should get all-round development in all fields. He believes that 'education through the lens' is an effective means to give students the right exposure. What we teach them gives them the skills to become well-rounded.\"Says Joshua Christopher, a Class V student, \"We learn story building, plots, characters and settings. We also learn to handle the camera, and that's what I enjoy most. We've learnt all about lenses and cameras. I also like to report. I find the classes very creative and interesting.\"Aditi Thakkar, a Class IX student, says media studies classes bring out the best in everyone. \"Students who are shy become quite energetic in front of the camera. They have to rehearse in front of the class so they gradually overcome their shyness. The exposure made me realize I'm good at reporting and talking on camera. I hope to join a channel one day.\"Some of the capsules made by the students could find their way to Topper TV, an educational channel on which Ryan Group's news programmes made by BBN students are aired on Saturday and Sunday. BBN is a paid one-month course students can enroll for.QUOTESNO STAGE FEARThe classes are practical and interactive. We would write scripts for radio and TV, and reports for newspapers. It made us think and define our thought process. We learnt the basics and by Class VIII, I think most of us were able to handle TV reporting and related things. The exposure and opportunity help build confidence. I enjoyed handling the camera the most.Anjana Keshavdas | class IXAfter attending these classes, my son has developed an interest in photography and takes good photos. He's also become more outspoken and started interacting with people. He's lost his fear of the stage. His language skills have improved and he's started using it in other subjects, like English literature. He's become competitive now.Sumita Christopher | mother of joshua christopher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17831615", "title": "TN grants Rs 50 lakh for National Archery Championship", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Monday granted Rs 50 lakh towards the conduct of the ongoing Sahara 33rd Senior National Archery Championship.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa presented a cheque for the amount to Shihan Hussaini, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Archery Association, a government release said.TAAT had appealed to the state government for financial assistance, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824312", "title": "President mum on Delhi rape at Mumbai university event", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when anger continues to rage across the nation over the death of the 23-year-old gangrape victim, President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday, during his visit to Mumbai, steered clear of the subject.In his address at the University of Mumbai convocation, neither did he condemn the incident nor did he express sorrow over Nirbhaya's death.In fact, straying from his scripted speech, Mumbai university vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar expressed shock over the Delhi gangrape and the US school shooting. \"These incidents have benumbed the mind. These have forced the society to stop and introspect. At some level, value education must be stitched into every curriculum if the country wants too see a reformed society,\" he said.Mukherjee, who spoke on a public platform for the first time after Nirbhaya's death, stuck to his written speech which focused on the university's achievements and history. He had offered his condolences to the victim's family in a communique on Saturday. \"This university has a glorious history and must rededicate itself to the building of India's future,\" he said. \"With India's youth seeking education and productive roles in the society, it is even more critical that universities reinvent themselves to deliver relevant knowledge and actionable skills.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chauhan, also present at the convocation, told the outgoing students: \"Will you be harbingers of disruptive change as the society demands or will you be satisfied with business as usual or will you be innovative in whatever you do and build a knowledge society for India.\"A total of 1,64,235 pupils, including 79,884 (43.62%) girls, graduated in the 2012 class and 51 medals were given to various toppers. Across faculties, girls scored over boys in bagging distinctions.In the evening, Mukherjee also attended the platinum jubilee celebrations of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan (BVB), which also marked the125th birth anniversary of educationist and founder K M Munshi. Mukherjee inaugurated the celebrations, which will continue for a year.At the event, Mukherjee conferred the highest honour of BVB, its honorary membership, on singer Kishori Amonkar, activist Ila Bhatt and NR Narayan Murthy for outstanding services to people. In the last 74 years, BVB has honoured 43 people who have served humanity with great distinction and originality. Also present at the event were governor K Sankaranarayanan, Chavan and others like Murli Deora and retd judge B N Srikrishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825618", "title": "Over 50 lakh apply for 72,000 vacant posts", "text": "LUCKNOW: A huge number of candidates is in the fray for appointment as basic education teachers in the state. A day before the last date, 50 lakh candidates had already registered online. To grab a seat, a single candidate is applying for 40 different districts.Though the last date for filling the application form is December 31, only those who have bank challan generated till December 29 will be able to fill and submit the form online. The basic education department saw a sudden surge in the number of applicants in the past three days after Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) announced the result of Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET) on December 27. According to basic education officials, over 20 lakh challans were generated between December 27 and 29.Sources in the education department said applications are high for districts where there is a large number of vacant seats. The districts include Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Kushinagar, Balrampur, Gonda, Hardoi and Maharajganj to name a few. Around 2,000 posts are vacant in each of these districts.On December 7, the state basic education department published an advertisement inviting online applications for recruitment of teachers in primary schools. The recruitment process began after the state government led by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on December 4 approved the amendment in the UP Basic Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1981 after which a provision for temporary appointment was done in primary schools. Incidentally, the high court has also set December 7 as deadline for publishing the advertisement.Only BEd (Bachelor of Education) degree holders who have qualified Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) are eligible for the primary teacher's position. In the state, there are only 3 lakh BEd degree holder who have TET qualified.For the first time, the state government on November 2011 had published an advertisement for recruitment of teachers in primary schools but the process was cancelled after gross anomalies in TET came into light. In fact, name of the then secondary education director Sanjay Mohan surfaced in duping the candidates by promising them job. The matter was put on hold. With change of guard in UP, it was first decided to cancel the TET 2011 and conduct a fresh test. After protests from the TET qualified candidates, the state government declared TET as a qualifying exam for recruitments in primary schools.In order to speed up recruitments, education officials came up with a temporary solution which required amendment of UP Basic Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1981. As per the changes, a candidate holding a BEd degree and has qualified CTET/UPTET can be appointed as a trainee teacher in primary schools. After the appointment, the candidate will be provided six months training following which they will be given substantive appointment. Education officials aimed at permanent appointment this way. The appointments in primary schools in UP have not taken place for the past four years. Prior to this, any candidate who had a BEd degree and special BTC (Basic Teacher Certificate), or a six months training certificate was appointed as a teacher in the basic schools.At present, there are 1.60 lakh posts lying vacant in primary schools while in junior high schools the number of vacant posts extends up to 2,57,939. In Lucknow region, there are 17,102 posts vacant. But only 12 appointments are to be made this time. In Gonda division which has four districts - Gonda, Balrampur, Bachraich and Shravasti will see 4,000, 1,800, 4,000 and 1,200 appointments, respectively. 3,300 teachers will be appointed in the Moradabad division which consists of five districts while 1,474 teachers will be appointed in Kanpur division having six districts.The state government, however, said appointment of 72,825 teachers in primary schools will be done by March 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ballia", "code": "17825702", "title": "Grateful for support: Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin", "text": "BALLIA: As the pall bearers carried Nirbhaya's body to the cremation grounds in Delhi on Sunday morning, her family members in her village finally had time for themselves.Speaking to TOI, Nirbhaya's grandfather said, \"We are grateful for the support we received in the protests against what happened to Nirbhaya. Otherwise, this fight for justice could have never been fought.\"The women of the family stayed indoors as family elders gathered to plan for her parents' return to the village. The grandfather said, \"Her parents and younger siblings will reach Ballia on Tuesday. The 13-day-long last rites will be performed here.\"For the nondescript village, the last few days have been very hectic. The local BJP MLA and leaders of the Samajwadi Party made repeated visits after Nirbhaya's death. But the flurry of activity that catapulted this village into the limelight is now raising questions about what the \"system\" proposes to do to ensure no girl has to undergo what Nirbhaya went through.\"Primarily, people leave this village because they want to prosper. Basic health and education infrastructure is missing here. We don't need sympathy, we need development. If there are better facilities here, we will make sure our children stay here, safely,\" said Bharat Paswan, a resident of Nirbhaya's village.That is, however, a promise none has made. For one, UP's revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary belongs to the region. There is also a bevy of senior Congress leaders who are from the region but are conspicuous by their absence. Union MoS for home, RPN Singh, may have made up by being present at Nirbhaya's funeral in Delhi on Sunday, but other Congress leaders from east UP have not visited the family.The BJP MLA from the region, Upendra Tiwari, visited only after he sniffed an opportunity to be heard and photographed. \"What help can they possible promise us,\" Nirbhaya's uncle asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17825174", "title": "Cold wave: Winter clothing stores may delay sale", "text": "VARANASI: While the spell of severe cold made citizens buy out the entire stock of petty vendors of woollen wear, and the latter are preparing for pack-up, branded outlets of winterwear are in a state of dilemma, unable to decide whether to put up boards of 'sale' offers or wait a little more.The delayed arrival of winter this year and the severe cold witnessed mainly over the last fortnight has changed the economics of winterwear market in the past few weeks.The shopkeepers of branded winter wear, who had begun thinking of providing discount offers by mid-December in view of low takers of such garments, are now in a quandary due to the increased number of buyers.According to Gaurav Agrawal, salesperson at a garment shop at Lahurabir, the purchasing was very low in November as well as till mid-December. Purchasing gained momentum after December 20 and now, the sale is expected to once again decrease by the second or third week of January. \"Therefore we have not been able to make our mind on putting up a sale, and any decision will only be taken after January 10\", he said.Meanwhile, Ritesh Kumar, another shopkeeper in Sigra, shared, \"We arranged a heavy stock of winter garments knowing that this year's winters are going to be very intense. However, the season began late, leaving a majority of our winter clothing unsold. We are already giving 10 to 20 percent discount on sweaters and jackets. However, woollens like blazers, sweat shirts, socks, mufflers, and gloves still have customers and there are no discounts being offered on these.\"Kumar further added, \"Since people have also developed a tendency of buying branded woollens only at the end of the season because of discounts, end of season sale will begin from January last and February. At the same time, there are several stores in the city which have already come up with 40 to 50 percent discount on winter garments.Unlike branded woollens, local and second-hand woollens are selling like hot cakes with falling temperatures.The street markets at Dashaswamedh, Durgakund, Lanka, Orderly Bazar, Nai Sarak, and Pandeypur have been able to provide woollen clothes to people with low budgets at reasonable rates.Interestingly, all the garments are brought from Delhi, Kanpur, Lucknow and Ludhiana and the price of sweaters and jackets can start from Rs 50 and can reach upto Rs 200 depending upon the quality and texture.However, the cost of gloves, caps, socks, inners are fixed and range from Rs 5 to Rs 30.According to Rajesh Gupta, a shopkeeper, the market witnessed extensive purchasing from December 15 and in the past 12 to 15 days time, nearly 80 percent of the stock has been purchased. \"We are fearing that our stock may get over in January first week itself. Despite the fact that demand is increasing, shops will not continue as we have to go back to Delhi to purchase the stock and by that time, the cold conditions generally let up slightly,\" he said.It is worth mentioning here that these markets, including some at Kutchehri, Maduwadeeh and Teliabagh, including the weekly Sunday bazaar at Dashaswamedh and Lanka are serving as a boon for those who have little money to splurge upon woollens to keep themselves safe from falling temperatures. In addition, people were also found purchasing the woollens for donation purposes.According to Geeta Gupta, a resident of Chowk, who was buying woollens for her domestic help and her family, although the woollens are old, they are in a good condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828244", "title": "Groove into the New Year", "text": "Fancy ushering in 2013 with a gala musical evening? Oyster Bay, Koramangala is setting up a large dance floor tonight for dance maniacs to boogie their way into the New Year to DJ Sandy's tunes. There will also be unlimited food and beverages on offer, as well as fun games and prizes to be won .Oyster Bay also has a weekday lunch buffet (Monday to Thursday, 310, plus taxes), as well as one during the weekend (Friday to Sunday, 425, plus taxes). There is also a daily dinner buffet priced at 500, plus taxes. One of the highlights of the weekend lunch buffet and daily dinner buffet is the unlimited serving of prawns and crabs. The weekday lunch buffet can also be topped up with unlimited prawns and crabs for an additional 115, plus taxes. Oyster Bay also has a wide range of a la carte offerings, including the option to customize your grills and curries with seafood, meat and vegetarian items with a choice of global and Indian marinations.The NewYears Eve event starts at 8 pm. Entry will cost 1,999 (plus taxes) for stags, and 3,199 (plus taxes) for couples. Oyster Bay is located on Jyothi Nivas College Road, Koramangala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825563", "title": "Regulating shacks, hiking licence fees will take away the sheen from Goa's tourism", "text": "By hiking licence fees for bands and reducing tables and deck beds on shacks, the government has taken away the sheen from tourism, which is Goa's mainstay. While regulating the shacks, the tourism department should have ensured that the fun from the experience of Goa's beaches is not taken away. In many areas, the beaches are bereft of the usual brouhaha, and it was felt on Christmas evening and in all probability will be felt on New Year's eve as well. This might drive out tourists from Goa in the future. Though Goa has got in more tourists this year around, it is important to maintain the fun and cool factor, otherwise, the government will be accused of short-sighted vision on tourism. With mining out of the way, they should do everything to keep the attractions of Goa as a tourist destination and encourage more fun things keeping in mind the world stage.Related story : Lesser beach beds, tables outside shacks take fun out of Goa's tourism", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824210", "title": "Alert cops prevent another horror in bus", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day that Nirbhaya succumbed to her injuries, another horrific incident inside a bus in the heart of the city was averted in the nick of time by alert cops.A 16-year-old girl who had left home after allegedly being ill-treated by her stepmother and brother on Saturday night was molested and harassed by an off-duty conductor inside a cluster bus plying on the city roads without a home guard, police said.The incident came to light after the driver forgot his way to Lajpat Nagar and ended up stopping the bus on Tansen Marg near Mandi House to ask for directions.Two cops patrolling at Tansen Marg spotted the girl crying inside the bus, stopped it after a chase and arrested the accused who was in an inebriated condition. He has been identified as Ranjeet Singh, a resident of Palam Colony.Singh worked as a conductor in another bus and has been booked for criminal intimidation, molestation and outraging a woman's modesty, a senior police officer said.The accused has been sent to 14 days judicial custody after being produced in the court.The driver, Prehlad Singh and conductor, Tejveer, were let off after interrogation by the police. However, they have been terminated from service by the authorities for moving the bus ahead after asking for directions.Police said the victim lived with her father, two elder brothers and a younger brother and her stepmother in Khayala area of west Delhi.Allegedly tormented by her stepmother and brother, she had left home around 9.30pm to go to the Child Welfare Committee in Lajpat Nagar, about which she had heard from her neighbors.As per her statement in the FIR, she boarded the bus plying on route number 410 from Khayala to Jal Vihar (Lajpat Nagar) around 10pm and there were around 12 passengers in the bus.The accused boarded the bus in Moti Nagar and sat beside her. The bus emptied out after Shankar Road bus stop.The accused then allegedly sat beside her with a plastic glass and offered to become friends. When she objected, the accused touched her in an inappropriate manner, the girl told police.The girl began to cry and raised an alarm after which the conductor and the bus driver asked the accused to stop. The girl then asked the driver to stop the bus and let her get down.By 11pm, the bus had reached Mandi House. The driver apparently forgot the way due to Metro work and diversions. At the police picket, the driver stopped the bus and asked the police for directions.As the bus moved ahead, two constables, Babu Alim and Bishram, spotted the girl and began to trail the bus. The bus was stopped and the cops asked the girl if she had a problem.Meanwhile, people gathered and began enquiring into the matter.The accused was apprehended at her instance around 11.45pm and her statement was recorded with the help of an NGO.The girl's family also registered a case of kidnapping at Khayala police station when the girl did not return home late night. Further investigation about her allegations of sexual exploitation is in progress, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17832689", "title": "Cash transfer scheme: BJP accuses govt of 'fooling' people", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP today accused the government of \"fooling\" the people by hurriedly implementing the cash transfer scheme without issuing Aadhaar cards to all the intended beneficiaries and creating an environment of confusion.\"In 2012, the government's own gameplan has been spoiled and yet it is calling this cash transfer scheme a gamechanger. The scheme is only being implemented in some districts. Moreover, the opinion within the government itself is divided on who falls under the BPL category,\" BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain told reporters here.The main opposition maintained that the first priority for the government should be to grapple with price rise, falling GDP and rampant corruption.The government earlier today announced that the cash transfer scheme will be implemented in 20 districts initially starting from January 1. There will be no cash transfer for the subsidy on food, kerosene, diesel and fertiliser.\"The government says cash subsidy will be given to BPL families but most such families do not have a bank account. Bank managers have only now been asked to help them open their accounts. Aadhaar cards have not been made for a large number of people,\" the party spokesperson said.Aadhaar unique identity cards will be the basis for the cash transfer programme.\"Today Congress is not even in the game but is calling this scheme a gamechanger. The government is only trying to create an environment of confusion. It is only fooling the people through this scheme,\" Hussain alleged.At the same time, BJP clarified that it is not against the scheme per se and said that its only grievance is that it is not being implemented properly.\"Time will only tell how successful this scheme will be,\" Hussain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17828082", "title": "Left for resolving Singur issue with Cyrus Mistry", "text": "KOLKATA: With Cyrus Mistry taking over as the new chairman of the Tata Group, West Bengal's opposition CPI-M Sunday asked the Mamata Banerjee-led state government to initiate talks to resolve the Singur land impasse.The land row at Singur has entangled the automaker in a bitter legal battle with the state government.\"She (Banerjee) was opposed to Ratan Tata (former Tata Group chairman), but now that Cyrus Mistry has taken charge, she can speak to him and resolve the matter,\" leader of opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said at a rally in Hooghly district.Iconic corporate leader Ratan Tata on Friday retired as the chairman of the Tata Group and Cyrus Mistry, named his successor, is assuming the charge.The relations between Banerjee and Ratan Tata had been bitter ever since the Trinamool Congress led an intense peasant agitation between 2006 and 2008 against the then Left Front government's bid to acquire land in Hooghly district's Singur for the proposed small car Nano project of Tata Motors.The agitation forced the automobile giant to relocate the plant to Sanand in Gujarat and propelled the Trinamool to power in West Bengal , breaking the 35 years of the Left Front's uninterrupted rule.However, in an effort to build rapport with Mistry, state Industries minister Partha Chatterjee congratulated him for his new job and expressed optimism about an amicable settlement of the Singur issue.The Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) leader also accused the Banerjee government of \"politicising the administration and the police\".\"There is a reward and punishment approach in the police now. The police officials who are efficient are punished and those who fail to perform their duties are rewarded,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825282", "title": "Youth fails to rape girl, attacks her brutally", "text": "KANPUR: Around 48 hours after an 8-year-old was raped and murdered in Fatehpur district, another such incident was reported from Garav Khanpur village in Farrukhabad district, in which a teenage girl was attacked brutally by a village youth when he failed to rape her late Sunday evening.The girl alleged she was assaulted in front of her younger sister by her neighbour Anil alias Allu.Local police initially tried to hush up the issue and did not bother to register a complaint or help her. But they started investigations after her family members apprised senior police officials about the incident.According to reports, the accused waylaid the girl while she and her younger sister had gone to the nearby fields on late Sunday evening. The goon tried to strip the girl and drag her in the jungle area where the assault continued.Reports further stated that when the girl and her sister raised an alarm, he attacked them severely.\"We went to the police station, but the cops on duty initially refused to help us or take a complaint. We were scared and helpless as the accused is roaming free due to police inaction,\" said Ram Avtaar Jatav, father of the girl.\"He tore her clothes, molested her and assaulted her. I want the guilty to be punished,\" he told TOI on phone on Sunday.Police, however, said the girl has been sent for medical check-up and efforts are being made to arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824761", "title": "Dumraon mill MD rues snapping of power supply", "text": "PATNA: Dumraon Textiles Mill, engaged in manufacturing cotton yarn, was closed down recently due to snapping of power supply to it on December 21, bringing 700 of its employees on the brink of unemployment .The mill, which had gone sick earlier, was restarted under a rehabilitation package given by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) on January 24, 2008.Giving this information, the company's MD, Pawan Patwari, said the industry department had conveyed to the Dumraon Textile management a rehabilitation package on June 2, 2011, granting some of the reliefs under Industrial Policy 2006 of the state government to be granted from the cut-off date of March 31, 2007. This included exemption of annual minimum guarantee charges and delayed payment surcharge on power supply from the date of declaration of this industry as sick.The unit had paid all its dues except the exemption amount of Rs 57.81 lakh. BSEB had slapped a delayed payment surcharge of Rs 20.68 lakh on the textile unit for earlier delay in payment of electricity dues, he said.Patwari, who had entered into a joint venture for the rehabilitation of Dumraon Textile Ltd with its original owner, Kamal Singh, told TOI the erstwhile BSEB snapped power supply to the company despite its (the BSEB's) assurance to supply uninterrupted power with steady voltage.He said he would give a memorandum to deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , seeking his intervention for restoration of power supply.He said it was unfortunate that the erstwhile BSEB did not honour the Clause 3.3(v) of Industrial Incentive Policy 2006 of Bihar government to grant exemption to the Dumraon Textile Mill, knowing well that this unit was rehabilitated and that it was the only big industrial unit of the state manufacturing cotton yarn and giving employment to 700 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17824301", "title": "Students, doctors lead candle march to pay tribute to Delhi gang rape victim", "text": "DHANBAD: Students and doctors of Patalputra Medical College Hospital here paid tribute to Nirbhaya, the Delhi-based medical student who died in Singapore. Nurses too joined the condolence meeting. Students and teachers of the medical college, including other doctors, assembled at Gandhi Circle here and lit candles in memory of her.The programme was organised by Dhanbad Action Group, a city-based NGO. Group convenor Dr N K Singh and other doctors took pledge to protect and preserve the dignity of women and girls and protest against any attempt of its violation in any form.Another candle march was organised from Puja Circle to Randhir Verma Circle on Sunday evening by the students of Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17829953", "title": "Mithali Raj to lead Indian eves in 2013 World Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday named Mithali Raj as the captain of the 15-member women's cricket squad for the World Cup to be played in India next month.ICC Women's World Cup will begin from January 31, and the finals will be played at CCI ground in Mumbai on February 17.Hosts India will play on the opening day of the tournament against West Indies at the Wankhede Stadium.Squad: Mithali Raj (C), Harmanpreet Kaur, Jhulan Goswami, Amita Sharma, Gouhar Sultana, M Thirushkamini, Sulakshana Naik, Ekta Bist, Mona Meshram, Rasanara Parwin, Niranjana Nagarajan, Punam Raut, Reema Malhotra, Karuna Jain, Shubhalaxmi Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824413", "title": "Three of family injured in Bhayander ceiling collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: Three members of a family were injured when the ceiling of their second floor flat in Bhayander collapsed on Saturday night. This was the second such incident in Bhayander in the last week.Portions of the ceiling of the flat in Chandralok building crashed down. The flat owner, Balkishan Sharma (40), and his sons Sumit (15) and Punit (17) sustained injuries and are being treated in a Bhayander hospital.On Thursday, the staircase of a building in Bhayander had collapsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828132", "title": "Today something changed in me", "text": "Today something changed in my heart. Veins of ice clutched my heart and made me ponder.For the first time, I am unpatriotic. I am not sure if I want to be Indian anymore. A country shamed by the death of a girl who was brutally raped? A country numb but not reacting instantly to a horrific crime. A nation plagued by archaic laws that allow rape to be a bailable offence? That grants a minor, who was the most brutal criminal, to roam our streets a few years from now? I am pained, ashamed and disgraced at being Indian. So should we all!Today, it made me think of all the parents, especially mothers, who raise their sons like spoilt, rotten kids. Who feed them, clothe them and pamper them beyond their sisters. We teach them how to be more macho, more powerful, the almost invincible. A man rapes a girl and returns home to be fed and put to sleep peacefully after a shower? Is this what Indian men are meant to be? Ideally, I would like the parents and family of this crime to be paraded on national television and have them talk about how they raised these monsters. Instead, we cover their heads in cloth and lead them gently into court without handcuffs. Is this a nation that shows compassion for criminals and no justice for the victims?Today, something changed my sexuality. I wish I was not born with a penis. A symbolic form of worship all over India has turned the lingam into a form of abusive ammunition. How did this divinity created for procreation and creating life, become a tool to violate, destroy and eventually kill! Is this the nation that makes so much about the glory of the Vedas, the Mahabharata, the Ramayana, yoga and Ayurveda? Is this glory? Or is it shame? What do we talk about in international circles now? For salons in New York to Tokyo , we are a blighted, shamed nation.Today, I thought about why there is an issue of a minor and a major? Any child, whether ten or fifteen has no right to violate the girl child. Our laws need to change... immediately! Why is rape a bailable offence? It is criminal! Let us give our women and girls their right for justice. All our politicians, talking through crocodile tears, did not speak about an immediate reform of our laws that protect the criminal and expose the victim to more crime.Today, something changed my mind about a core issue. Do Indian men really worship their mothers? Their sisters? Their female neighbours? The average female stranger on the street? We need to protect them... not violate their beauty and wisdom.Something today made me think of the media. Do we use it as a medium for change? Or will we be partying at New Year and wait for the next big story? Is this transient journalism and short term memory valid?Think about what happened in the last week. It ideally should change your mind about our country, our sexual behaviour, our opinion and our right to raise all these issues to change the public perspective of a great country that once was India!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17823507", "title": "Power cuts throw life out of gear", "text": "NOIDA: Power cuts lasting around four hours in Noida on Sunday left hundreds of residents in a dozen sectors in disarray.Supply was disconnected around 11am, which residents complain was a dampener to their weekend plans.Despite repeated assurances by the power corporation, outages have continued to affect the city well after the summer months.\"Apart from scheduled cuts, there are sudden undeclared outages that throw life out of gear for residents. The discom also does not seem to have streetlighting work on its list of priority,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs.Residents are angry over outages becoming common even during winters when demand for electricity is generally low. \"It is understandable that loadshedding has to be undertaken at times of high demand, but outages in winter are inexplicable,\" said N P Singh, president of Federation of Noida RWAs.As per Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited, supply had been snapped to overhaul machinery at the 132KV substation in Sector 62 and make it fit for the harsher summer months ahead.Officials said power supply to over a dozen 33/11KV substations, fed from the Sector 62 substation, had been withheld for around four hours when maintenance work was underway.\"A bus-bar in the substation was replaced as it worn out over the years. The replacement was done to avoid tripping of supply during high load summer months next year,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17823900", "title": "A teacher's legal battle against another teacher", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"There is no joy in our life ever since she left us. But, the arrest of Subhash and court sending him for 14 days of remand brought us a sense of relief. There is some justice for distressed parents like us.\" These were the words of K Krishnan Nair, father of K Indu, who was allegedly pushed to death on April 2010 from a moving train by her lover and fellow traveller Subhash, who worked as an Assistant Professor at National Institute of Technology-Calicut (NIT-C).On Sunday, Nair was seen spotting a two-day stubble and vacantly staring at the television screen that ran news on the latest development on the case.Subhash was arrested by the special investigating team of state police crime branch on Saturday and was remanded for 14 days by the Kozhikode Judicial First Class Magistrate on Sunday morning.Ever since Indu was murdered, Nair has been fighting a legal battle. Because, mystery had shrouded death of the 25-year-old woman after her parents approaching the high court for a detailed probe. Earlier, inquiry by the Railway Police and Crime Branch team headed by a superintendent of police had concluded that the girl committed suicide by jumping off the Thiruvananthapuram-Mangalore Express while the train was crossing the bridge across Periyar near Aluva on April 24, 2011 midnight.\"However, we were sure our child would not commit suicide. She was really happy when she left home that evening. When the train left Pettah Station, she called me and said she would call me again after getting off at Kozhikode. That was the last words I heard from her. We lost her forever in a few hours after that,\" said Indu's mother Omana Kunjamma, wiping tears, sitting next to Nair.Nair retired as a Mathematics teacher from Government High School, Kalady near Karamana. \"I too was a teacher. Teachers are the role models for the society and I can't digest a teacher killing his student out of revenge,\" Nair added.Nair was very active in the locality and used to conduct tuition classes for children in the neighbourhood. After the death of Indu, he rarely gets out. \"I've stopped tuition classes and other social activities. But, I've not lost energy to fight for justice. I hope the battle we put up will be an encouragement for all parents who are faced with similar incidents. We have full faith in the legal system and believe the culprit will get maximum punishment,\" said Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824835", "title": "City docs reimplant six fingers in rare operation", "text": "PATNA: A plastic surgeon duo of the city recently achieved a rare feat by reimplanting six fingers of a patient which were cut in a printing press. Normally, even an accomplished microsurgeon does not reimplant more than three fingers in a single operation.On December 15 evening, the patient, Mohammad Idris came with an injured hand to plastic surgeon Dr Ratan Sharma's Niramaya Hospital at Kankarbagh. His attendant carried his fingers in a packet. The doctors led by Dr Sharma placed the fingers in deep freeze and started doing the marathon operation at 7pm.The success of the operation depended upon the successful joining of blood vessels smaller than 1mm in diameter. Before that, the bones had to be fixed. To make the reimplanted fingers function, tendons which move the joints and nerves which provide sensation had to be joined. All these structures were identified at a very high resolution of 10X.The doctors decided to avoid the traditional method for bone fixation because a small rod would have to inserted at the knuckle joint. However, it was not possible in this case because five out of seven fingers were amputated very close to the knuckle.They, instead, used SS wire technique, in which the bones of the fingers were joined using stainless wire. Though that is far more time consuming than the traditional method, there was no option for the doctors as the case was very complicated.Another issue was the left index finger, which was more damaged on the dorsal side; hence getting a proper vein seemed impossible. So the doctors amputated the middle finger and fixed it as index finger. Conversely, index finger was made the middle finger. \"We continued to reimplant fingers one by one till 8.30 next morning and we were able to put six fingers back in the hand,\" said Dr Sharma.Post-operation, the patient remained admitted in the hospital for a fortnight where the dressing of his hand was done at regular intervals. \"The hand would become functional within six months. However, the pace of movement of the fingers would be a bit slower than earlier,\" said the doctor. The entire procedure cost 1.20 lakh, which was incurred by the owner of the press, BN Prakashan.\"What is rare about this operation is that even accomplished replantation centres like that of Taiwan perform reimplantation of 10 fingers but with three teams,\" claimed Dr Sharma.Apart from Dr Sharma, the team consisted of plastic surgeon Dr Sanjay Kumar and anaesthetist Dr Sudama Prasad.Idris, who is sole bread-earner of his family, told TOI, \"I had lost all hope, but this operation has given me a new lease of life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17826137", "title": "Castrate all rapists, says Zubin Mehta", "text": "BEIJING: World famous composer of Indian origin, Zubin Mehta , called for castration of all accused in the Delhi gang-rape case and others found committing the rape in India. He expressed excitement about the protests against the gang-rape of Nirbhaya and expects positive changes to come out of it.\"I am fuming, but I see a very healthy sign of public objection, public demonstration. I hope it will not die down. I hope it will not be short-lived,\" Mehta told Toi in an exclusive interview.He said the Indian government should realize what the people really want from it. \"It is not only about justice, but the future of India. Police has to take it seriously\".Mehta said the issue is being discussed the world over like the case of Malala, the Pakistani girl, and brought shame to Indians. He also questioned the government's decision to shift the rape victim for medical treatment to Singapore . \"Where they trying to remove her from the locality, for her own safety?\" he asked.The least that should be done is to castrate all the four accused in the Delhi gang rape case, he said. \"I heard that a girl who reported rape was advised to marry one of the criminals. How can a human being do such a thing?\" he asked.\"An important issue that needs to be addressed is how to look after the poor ladies who have been attacked,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17832975", "title": "Delhii gang-rape case: BJP reiterates demand for special session of Parliament, Congress rejects it", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Monday reiterated its demand for a special session of Parliament to discuss the Dec 16 gang rape and for strengthening anti-rape laws but the Congress rejected it, saying the BJP was trying to politicise the issue.Bharatiya Janata Party leader Sushma Swaraj said: \"I had asked the Prime Minister to call a special session (of Parliament). But my demand was rejected.\"I also asked them to call an all-party meet. That demand was also rejected,\" she said, adding: \"Even if they don't call a special session, the Budget session should be used for amending all laws for protecting women.\"\"Whether it is in the special session, or budget session, some days should be dedicated completely so that laws related to crime against women are made stringent,\" said the Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha.The BJP leader said only if action is taken will it be a \"real tribute\" to the gang-rape victim who died in a Singapore hospital Saturday.Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley also said that legislators should meet as soon as possible to amend anti-rape laws.The Congress, however, accused the BJP of trying to politicise the issue.Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi told IANS: \"This issue is not an issue that should be politicised. The BJP is trying to politicise the issue.On the BJP's demand for a special session, he said: \"They are demanding a special session of Parliament. This is no secret that when Parliament is in session, they never allow Parliament to function and when Parliament is not in session, they are demanding it. It is very strange.\"Finance minister P Chidambaram too rejected the demand for a special session, saying a three-member panel headed by former chief justice of India JS Verma was looking into the various aspects of amending the anti-rape laws.\"A special session is called when you have to pass a law. A special session makes sense only after we get a report. Let us first get the report, and then decide when Parliament meets,\" he said.The BJP was not the only one to make the demand.Former army chief Gen. (retd) V.K. Singh, too, demanded a special session of Parliament. \"We need a special session, and I don't understand why the government is not calling it, just because the opposition has made a demand for it,\" he said at a press conference.Communist Party of India-Marxist leader Sitaram Yechury said the pending laws against sexual harassment and the amendments and suggestions should be worked on for passage.The Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Bill, 2010 was passed by the Lok Sabha in September.He also said India lacked judges to man fast-track courts and had very few policemen.\"The Law Commission has said around 20 years ago that for every lakh of population there should be five judges. Now it is 1.4 judges for a lakh of population,\" said the CPI-M leader.\"We have very few policemen, especially women. The UN says that there should be 350 policemen for every lakh of population,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825651", "title": "A drop of Panchamrit", "text": "His music continues to rock and his tunes still take us down memory lane on a nostalgic journey of Bollywood music. It's been 19 years since composer and singer R D Burman passed away. But his songs continue to be played on FM stations and haunt millions of music-lovers and his vast legion of admirers across the Subcontinent. On January 4 - his death anniversary - and January 5, tributes will be paid to the legend through two musical programs titled 'RDX' and 'Panchamrit' respectively. It is being organized by Melody Chime, a group of RD loyalists. More than 10 musicians will play his tunes, sing his songs and narrate their memories of RD at GD Birla Sabhagar. Eminent members of his musical team - violin player Rajendra Soda, guitarists Bhanu Gupta and Chintoo Singh, flautist Suresh Yadav and trumpet player Koshore Sodas are among those who will perform. Musician Charanjeet Singh, who played with RD for nearly two decades, will be a star attraction at the events. Sitar player Purbayan Chatterjee will also pay a tribute to the great musician.A special Xmas in the HooghlyOn December 25, Floatel in association with Good Deed Doers celebrated 'Amader Borodin' with around 50 underprivileged children. Eminent singers Nipabithi Ghosh - who is also a member of Good Deed Doers - Jojo, Sidhu of Cactus, Anindo, Surojit of Bhumi and Anusuya entertained the guests. While Sujoy Prosad dressed up as Santa Claus to distribute gifts among the children, eminent painter Subroto Gangopadhyay made wonderful sketches of them. None other than Sarbari Dutta designed clothes for them while educationist Yashodhara Bagchi, actor Sudipta Chakraborty and members of Good Deed Doers helped them release balloons in the sky as a mark of celebration. Music, magic, gifts galore and special treats from Floatel brought glowing smiles to the young faces. \"Floatel is privileged to host these important guests,\" said Manab Pal of Floatel.A different ChristmasChildren admitted to the paediatric ward of the Eastern Command Hospital were in for a special treatment on Christmas Eve when Namita Suhag, president of the Army Wives Welfare Association (AWWA) and wife of Eastern Command GOC-in-C Lt Gen Dalbir Singh decided to pay them a visit. The children - some of whom are recovering from cancer - were overjoyed when the AWWA president helped them to cut a cake and distributed gifts. Namita, along with Manju Verma and Juhi Krishna, interacted with the children and lauded their efforts in helping decorate their ward. The children put up a small show for the visitors and regaled them with Christmas carols. Among those present were hospital commandant Maj Gen BNBM Prasad and head of the paediatrics department Col R K Thapar.NCC cadets leave for CapitalNCC cadets from six groups in the state (Burdwan, Darjeeling, Kalyani, Kharagpur, Kolkata B and Kolkata C) left for Delhi on Friday to participate in the Republic Day celebrations. The 104 cadets from the state, including girls, will camp at Directorate General, NCC along with those from other states. Till February 3, the cadets will participate in several events, including cultural competitions. In the past, cadets from the West Bengal and Sikkim Directorate have performed extremely well at the annual camp that brings together several thousand youngsters from across the country. Among those who saw off the cadets at Howrah station on Friday were state civil defence minister Javed Ahmed Khan, Brig. A K Thakur, deputy director general, NCC and other senior officials.Donning many hatsFormer additional solicitor general of India, Biswajit Bhattacharya, released his book 'My Experience With The Office Of Additional Solicitor General of India' right after demitting his office in November 2012, after three years of holding the post. The subject of his book is the challenges he faced and how he won many of them. The author, who is a well-known budget analyst, studied in Chetla Boys' School from classes V to XI, studied physics at St Stephens College and turned a banker. He left his cushy job at 37 and became a lawyer. With a passion for singing, Bhattacharya started organising his own shows at 58. He now performs regularly and at 60, wants to succeed as an author.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17824999", "title": "Shakedown exposes cellphone use in Ambala jail", "text": "AMBALA: Ambala jail administration has been left red-faced over recovery of cellphones from the jail premises. In the past three days, 10 cellphones have been found. Eight were confiscated on Friday and two on Sunday. The shakedown is to continue for some more days.On June 20, four jail wardens were booked after a video clip had exposed wardens accepting bribe from prisoners for allowing them to use cellphones. A shakedown conducted by jail superintendent Ratan Singh on Friday helped recover eight cellphones, and two more on Sunday.\"A case was registered in Baldev Nagar police station against prisoners Kubeer, Randeep, Jagtar and Sandeep, said SHO Pawan Kumar of Baldev Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17831166", "title": "Delhi govt announces Rs 15 lakh for gang-rape victim's family", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government today announced financial aid of Rs 15 lakh for the next of the kin of the 23-year-old gangrape victim and offered a job to a family member of the girl, who died two days ago.The decisions were taken at a cabinet meeting presided over by chief minister Sheila Dikshit.\"Keeping in view the extremely exceptional circumstances and barbaric nature of the crime, the cabinet decided to sanction an amount of Rs 15 lakh to the surviving members of the victim,\" said Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit in a statement.The phsyiotherapy student was brutally gangraped and assaulted in a moving bus in south Delhi on December 16. She breathed her last in a Singapore hospital on Saturday morning and her mortal remains were cremated here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831073", "title": "Nandankanan Zoo to have bear safari park", "text": "The Nandankanan Zoo here has become the country's third zoo to house a bear safari park after those in Hyderabad and Bangalore, which will give a closer view to the nature lovers.About eight sloth bears would be kept in the safari park, while two will be in enclosures, The park was thrown open to the public on December 29.While inaugurating the safari, Odisha's Forest and Environment Minister Bijayasri Routray, said the authorities have been asked to put more animals in the zoo.\"It is definitely a matter of pride for Nandankanan. The bear that you saw is an Asiatic bear which is available in India and that species have been kept in the safari. We have requested the zoo authorities to add more number of bears to the safari, so that they can be sighted easily,\" said Routray.The safari spread across 4.1 hectares and built at an estimated cost of Rs 2 crore, including basic infrastructure was took almost a year to commission.The zoo administrators are contemplating to keep 20 bears inside the safari once the species are procured from other zoos in the country.J D Sharma, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, said that safari will serve as a medium of educating visitors about environment and conservation.\"People in Orissa and all those who are lovers of Nandankanan zoological park, with whose support it has gone up to that level. Visitors, school students will be educated and they will also learn about conservation and other related studies on that,\" said Sharma.Over 52,000 visitors are expected to turn up at the zoo on January 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826206", "title": "Not a pleasant ride on Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses", "text": "BANGALORE: Recently, two Bhutanese girls were allegedly manhandled by the crew of a BMTC Volvo bus over a small issue: the conductor thought the girls asked for daily passes, while the two said they did not.Taking a ride on a BMTC bus is fraught with unpleasant experiences for commuters -not because of bad roads or traffic jams, but due to the rude behaviour of the bus crew. Everything from commuters' queries on destinations to tendering change threatens to erupt into nasty confrontations with the crew.Kamala Gopinath, who shuttles daily between Nagashettyhalli and Sampangiram Nagar, said: \"I have a senior citizen pass and because of this, many conductors make it look like I am taking a free ride at their expense. Also they refuse to get seats that are reserved for women or seniors but occupied by young men vacated,\" she said.Such behaviour is not reserved for women alone. \"The conductors don't give me change, though I can see notes of Rs10 rolled around their fingers. Once I was even asked to get down because the conductor refused to accept a Rs100 note from me. All other commuters supported him. Perhaps it happened as I was a non-Kannadiga,\" said Rajarshi Dhar, management professional and Domlur resident.Another vexing problem is in trying to decipher the destinations scribbled on the boards in Kannada. \"I identify the bus to my house and workplace by the route numbers written on the dashboard on the front of the bus. If there is no number written, I am forced to ask the driver. But they give me such a dirty look that I feel humiliated,\" complained Priyanka Thapa, techie, from Koramangala.Not that Kannadigas have pleasant experiences in a BMTC bus. Padmaja Narayani, a pregnant woman and resident of Thindlu, said indifference was common to both the crew and passengers. \"I once boarded a bus where all seats were occupied. Neither the crew nor the co-passengers heeded to my pleas in Kannada for a seat,\" said Padmaja.Padmaja, a Kannadiga, realized that language had nothing to do with this rude behaviour. \"I kept standing until another young woman fought with a co-passenger to let me sit; she did not know Kannada and so the conductor shouted back at her. I am a native of this land but this incident made me feel ashamed,\" she said.Aparajita.ray@timesgroup.comTech to the rescue?BMTC officials don't deny that their crew members can be insensitive with commuters. \"We counsel the crew, especially the Volvo members, on gender sensitization. For airport services, we have handpicked crew who speak Kannada and English or Hindi or all the three,\" said BMTC MD Anjum Parvez.BMTC is hoping its in-the-offing electronic ticketing machines (ETM) will do away with squabbles over small change. \"ETMs will be able to read smart cards used for multi-modal transits and by commuters of both buses and metro. With this, the hassles over small change are expected to come down,\" he said.He said buses will have digital display boards with audio announcement systems soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825378", "title": "Railways' New Year gift: Noon Shatabdi for UT", "text": "The new Shatabdi train from Chandigarh to New Delhi will start sometime in January, 2013. This will be the third Shatabdi from the city. The new train, which will run at noon on a daily basis, will have a capacity of 900 passengers and 13 coaches. The news is expected to bring respite to a large number of passengers due to its comfortable timings.According to the proposed plan, the new Shatabdi will leave Chandigarh railway station at noon and reach New Delhi railway station at around 3.30pm. It will leave New Delhi railway station at 7.15pm and reach Chandigarh at around 10.15pm.Announcing the decision on Saturday, Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said another Shatabdi was the need of the hour as it would greatly facilitate travel between Chandigarh and Delhi.\"The new Shatabdi was one of my top priorities and other facilities at the railways will also follow soon. A number of people commute between Chandigarh and Delhi on daily basis\", said Bansal, who was here to take stock of the progress being made to upgrade the railway station.P K Sanghi, divisional railway manager, Ambala said the exact date on which the train would be flagged off would be announced soon. It could be any time in January.City residents have welcomed the move. Kedar Nath, a city-based building contractor, said, \"This is a big relief. I have to travel to Delhi frequently for business but with the present Shatabdi having a long waiting list, I am forced to travel by road, which is both expensive and risky.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17824054", "title": "NH-1 accident kills four of a family", "text": "AMBALA: Four members of a Delhi-based family including two children died in a road accident when their car rammed into a stationary truck parked beside NH-1 near Devi Nagar village near Ambala on Sunday afternoon.The family belonged to Loha Mandi in Naraina in Delhi and was on its way to Amritsar. Al the occupants of the car died on the spot. Two deceased have been identified as Sachin Gupta, 40, and his wife Rakhi Gupta, 32.A police officer said that the names of the children were not known and that the relatives have been informed about the accident. Sachin Gupta was in iron business and headed for Amritsar to meet his in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824652", "title": "SC nod must for wildlife zones projects: Union ministry of environment and forests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In its guidelines \"for taking non-forestry activities in wildlife habitats\", the Union ministry of environment and forests has stated that each project - which will be cleared by the National Board of Wildlife - will have to secure the final approval from the apex court.The guidelines, which were issued earlier this week, have made it clear that according to the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, no construction of commercial tourist lodges, hotels, zoos, and safari parks can be undertaken inside a national park except with the prior approval of the standing committee of National Board of Wildlife. In effect, the guidelines add another step to the approval process.The guidelines also state that for projects coming up in eco-sensitive zones around a wildlife sanctuary or a national park - or in the absence of delineation of such a zone - the user agency or project proponent is required to obtain recommendations of the standing committee.The Supreme Court has ruled that the area in the 10km radius around sanctuaries should be declared as eco-sensitive zones where no construction activity or development can be taken up without the approval of the standing committee.The new guidelines further say that the chief wildlife warden, after giving specific comments, shall send a proposal to the Government of India. The proposal will then be scrutinized by the standing committee chaired by minister of state environment and forests. The meeting of the standing committee is convened once every two to three months.The guidelines also stipulate that where the area proposed for diversion is large or the impact of the project on wildlife is likely to be serious, site inspections may be conducted by the members of the standing committee.\"The rising human population and its growing demands for socio-economic development have put increasing stress on forests including protected areas both directly and indirectly,\" the MoEF has said. \"This calls for a balance that has to be struck between development and conservation implying that any activity involving use or diversion of any part of a notified protected area may be considered only under most exceptional circumstances...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824329", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t let Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s fire die", "text": "NEW DELHI: Her funeral was conducted in near-secrecy and amid tight security, but all of India mourned as the mortal remains of 23-year-old Nirbhaya were cremated at Dwarka early on Sunday morning. The bubbly girl who was the pride and joy of her family could not live to fulfill her fond dreams. But as the protesters who congregated at Jan tar Mantar a few hours later clearly demonstrated, the memory of her courage will never die.The aircraft bearing her body reached Palam technical area of IGI airport from Singapore at 3.30am. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi arrived immediately. They spent around 30 minutes at the airport consoling the girl's parents. The body reached the family's residence at around 4:30am in an ambulance amid heavy security and a convoy of police vans.After prayers by relatives, Nirbhaya's body was taken to the Dwarka crematorium at 6:45am in dense fog. The charnel ground had no light and preparations for her funeral were made under torch and flashlights. The girl's emotionally drained mother collapsed and was rushed to hospital, where doctors later described her condition as stable. Nirbhaya's father lit the pyre with chief minister Sheila Dikshit, Union minister RPN Singh and Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta among those in attendance.The funeral preparations were made in complete secrecy with everyone - from the police, to family members and politicians - told by the home affairs ministry about fears of crowd trouble at the crematorium if information about it leaked. Nevertheless, as the day wore on and people gathered at various places in the capital in protest, youth groups of ABVP, NSUI and AISA clashed with the police at Jantar Mantar.Deliberations on who would receive the body took place at a Congress core group meeting at the PM's residence late on Saturday evening, during which Sonia was learnt to have expressed her wish to receive the body and meet the grief-stricken family.The meeting - also attended by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and RPN Singh - agreed on Sonia's decision and also advised the PM to be there at the airport. Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra, too, were informed about the plan.Delhi Police was directed to make necessary arrangements and deploy personnel along the entire route from Palam technical area to Mahavir Enclave, where Nirbhaya lived. The lanes to her house were fortified with more than 200 policemen and BSF jawans as early as Saturday night.A neighbour of the 23-year-old said police deployment in the area had begun at 8pm on Saturday when all the lanes were barricaded.When the body arrived at the house, people were seen coming in from everywhere, politicians included. Among the first to reach were Vijender Gupta and Mahabal Mishra. Not many were allowed to meet the family members.Soon the body was taken out and people walked with it for a short distance before it was transferred to an ambulance and taken to Dwarka crematorium. More than 200 people from the neighbourhood where the girl lived joined the family members in mourning and moved in a convoy of vans and cars.Many people, on hearing about the funeral, even walked to the crematorium. The last rites were performed within an hour of the body reaching the crematorium. Nirbhaya's father looked completely distraught. Nirbhaya's three uncles and her younger brothers were present.RPN Singh and Dikshit condoled with the family. After the funeral, Nirbhaya's family members were taken to their home in cars arranged by Mahabal Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082310", "title": "Dhadakebaaz was first cinemascope film", "text": "The first Cinemascope film to be made in Marathi was Dhadakebaaz by Mahesh Kothare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824403", "title": "Speeding car kills Canadian on holiday", "text": "MUMBAI: A Canadian national of Indian origin was killed and her son, sister-in-law and the driver of an auto in which they were travelling were injured when a speeding car collided into them on Gulmohar Road in Juhu on Saturday evening. The victim, Charlotte Saldanha (52), died on the spot.Her son, Jarid (14), and sister-in-law, Christine Saldanha, were admitted to Nanavati Hospital with multiple fractures.Jadhavendra Dev (33), who was driving the Toyota Altis, had been arrested and remanded in judicial custody. According to the police, Dev's medical test did not find any trace of alcohol.Dev told the police that he lost control of the vehicle while taking a turn and collided into the auto.The Saldanhas were in Mumbai for a vacation and are staying in a serviced apartment in Bandra. They were supposed to fly back on January 4. Charlotte, her husband, Mark, and Christine were headed for Juhu beach to have 'bhel', after doing some shopping when the accident occurred. \"While Charlotte, Jarid and Christine took an auto and Mark was following them in another,\" said an officer from Juhu police station. \"The auto in which Charlotte and the others were took a turn near Mithibai College and a car that was at a high speed rammed into them,\" he added.The impact of the crash smashed the auto. \"The three passengers were badly injured and the auto driver was lying unconscious. Mark and some passersby rushed them to Nanavati Hospital,\" said investigating officer Arun Khopkar. The auto driver, Manas Yadav, who sustained a shoulder fracture was discharged.\"I was sitting with my friends outside the college when I saw the accident. Some of us immediately came to their rescue and helped the injured,\" said Ashish Bheda, an eyewitness. \"I don't know whether the deceased could have been saved but 20 to 25 minutes were wasted in finding transport.\" he added. Jared and Christine haven't been told about Charlotte's demise.LCV mows down teenage cyclistA 16-year-old cyclist was run over by a speeding light commercial vehicle (LCV) near his house on Dr B R Ambedkar Road at Kalachowkieon Saturday morning.Mahavir Shah died on the spot. Passersby caught the truck driver, Dashrat Govind Dhere, and handed him over to the police. Mahavir was a class IX student of St Mary's school in Mazgaon.According to the police, Shah, a resident of Girnar Towers was heading towards home after attending a tuition class around 11.40am when the LCV collided with him.\"The LCV driver said since the road was narrow he lost control of his vehicle and rammed into Shah,\" he added. Passersby accosted Dhere just as he was about to flee.\"We have arrested Dhere for rash and negligent driving and other sections of the Motor Vehicle Act,\" deputy commissioner of police (zone 4) Datta Karale said.\"He has been remanded in judicial custody. However, Dhere tested negative for alcohol,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17831945", "title": "Sikh NGO appeals to Jathedar to issue directions banning expletives against women", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh NGO Gurdwara Sudhar Lehar has appealed to Jathedar to take initiative in preventing people from using expletives against women . In a letter written to Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh on the eve of New Year, Senior Advocate, HS Phoolka said that there was nation wide resentment against molesting and raping of women .\"The issue is related with the honour and dignity of women but unfortunately using expletives mentioning mothers and sisters have become a fashion among Punjabi's\" he said . He said even such derogatory language was used in the Gurdwara premises . He appealed to Jathedar to issue directions of not using any vulgar language (like abuses involving mother and sister) for women . \"When the beginning will be made from Gurdwara's, it will send a positive message in the society \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829250", "title": "Anushka makes her debut", "text": "Anushka will appear as a housewife and as a Tribal woman in Selvaraghavan's next film, Irandam Ulagam which is quickly approaching completion. The actress is said to have a powerful role in the film and added to this, she will appear in dual roles and the surprise doesn't end at that. The latest is that the pretty actress would be dubbing in her own voice for the first time.Selvaraghavan has planned two completely different looks for his leading lady. Arya plays the male lead in Irandam Ulagam . Anushka is taking Tamil lessons so that she can dub in her own voice. South. Nowadays, many actresses like Trisha, Samantha and Nayanthara have come forward to dub for themselves in movies and the latest in line is Anushka.Anushka hasn't bagged many awards till now despite her challenging roles in movies like Arundhati, Deiva Thirumagal and Thaandavam . and that seems to have caused her some concern. She has decided to do something about this to change the scenario.Harris Jayaraj is scoring the music for this film and also Vairamuthu and SPB have joined forces to render a romantic song in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825508", "title": "Cricketer Venkatapati Raju escapes unhurt after minor accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former cricketer Venkatapati Raju was reportedly involved in a minor road accident at Picket on Sunday night but police said that they have not received any such complaint.According to sources, a four-wheeler driven by Raju hit a Swift car driven by a woman near Sweekar-Upkar circle at Picket on Sunday night. After the incident, Raju and the woman had a verbal duel and subsequently both went to the Marredpally police station.However, for unknown reasons,they left the police station without lodging any complaint. Marredpally inspector K Shashank Reddy said they have not received any complaint involving the cricketer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17823770", "title": "Now, value education for budding engineers", "text": "BHOPAL: Engineering students in the state might receive value education from the next academic session.After being appointed vice-chancellor of the Rajiv Gandhi Technical University (RGTU) for a second time in a row, professor Piyush Trivedi has taken the decision of implementing 'value education' courses in the engineering colleges to inculcate better values and character building in the budding engineers. The course will be added from the 2013 academic session. The RGTU is the governing body of engineering colleges in the state.Talking to TOI on Sunday Dr Trivedi said incidents like the heinous Delhi gang-rape has made it mandatory to the educational institutions to produce civilized future citizens.When asked, vice-chancellor, Dr Trivedi said the university is not merely a factory producing talented engineers . \"Values are the principles of standards that help improve the quality of life. It helps in understanding dos and don'ts of behaviour. They form the basics of character formation and personality development. RGPV is committed to develop engineers with all such values,\" Dr Trivedi said.\"Inhumane behaviour like Delhi gang-rape is hampering the very fabric of our society and culture. Therefore, there is an urgent need to introduce value based education dealing specifically with human values\".He also said, \"RGPV will soon release its road-map of next five years. Several important decisions including opening of the new engineering colleges in the remote areas and others are involved.\"Besides, there will be a long-term road-map 2050 for which several decisions will be taken gradually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17823481", "title": "Indore in no mood to celebrate New Year", "text": "INDORE: Moved by the demise of the Delhi gang rape victim on Saturday, some Indoreans have decided against celebrating the New Year's eve this time. For them, there is no reason left to celebrate as the new year is not starting on a good enough note that calls for a celebration.\"I feel so saddened because of what happened to the rape victim. Also the incident has put a question mark on every girl's safety. Going out of home to celebrate is out of question,\" said 24-year old professional, Purva Sharma. She will be welcoming the new year in the company of her family, with a quiet dinner at home, she added.For engineering student, Parul Sharma, the scenario is not much different when it comes to celebrating the New Year occasion.\"This year, the atmosphere has become way too gloomy, all thanks to dysfunctional system. The poor girl lost her life and there hasn't been any needed action taken so far. A cremation attended by the VVIPs of the nation won't justify her death. Our hearts are too burdened to be celebrating. None of my family members will go out to celebrate. Many of my friends also plan to stay back at their homes for the night.\"\"Not partying is the least that can be done to express the remorse that we feel for the 23-year old who lost her life on Saturday. It is not possible for every one go out and protest. This is my way of putting across the emotional distress. There are some female acquaintances of mine who told me that they just don't feel secure enough going out to party with their friends any more. Such heinous crimes have the potential to make the whole society devoid of any positive emotions\" said banker, Sanjay Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824785", "title": "Elaborate security for female party-goers", "text": "MUMBAI: Fewer women will attend midnight parties at crowded venues as 2013 arrives under the shadow of the Delhi gangrape case. The police said they have made elaborate arrangements and have assured zero tolerance to sexual harassment and molestation.But Ashish and Shraddha, a young couple who visited the Chowpatty beachfront for New Year 2012, will not do so this time. \"In any case, we will stop by for half an hour on our way home from work around 7.30-8 pm. We have not had a nasty experience but the mood is one of caution this year,\" Ashish says.House parties and potluck dinners are the flavour of the season, particularly because parents of young girls feel reassured this way. \"Some college friends and I will spend the evening at a classmate's house in Juhu but we plan to travel in a private car, and not by autorickshaws. There is safety in numbers. We can roll up the windows if we encounter passing rowdies who come to Juhu beach,\" says Andheri resident Asmita Naik. Her father has instructed her to wear modest clothes that do not attract unwanted attention, and call home every hour.Women who plan to go clubbing will travel in groups with male friends and watch their drink. If they do leave theirs unattended halfway they see the wisdom of fetching a fresh glass themselves and watching over the bartender as he mixes it.Party venues claim to be well fortified with private security and CCTV cameras. Nilesh Vaidya, security head of Hotel Sahara Star, has devised elaborate security details for its Temptations 2013 party. \"We have stationed female searchers at the entrance and women guards outside bathrooms. There is no reason to worry inside a five-star as unwanted elements cannot get in. Moreover, one rarely sees girls arrive without male escorts or come in twos and threes.\" Vaidya promises help to ladies who get tipsy after a drink too many.The Gateway of India and Juhu waterfronts that host lakhs of revellers are also well fortified. \"We have a two-pronged approach. The first is to secure the site against a possible terrorist attack and the other is to ensure the safety of women,\" says Vinod Sawant, senior inspector of Colaba police station that oversees arrangements at the Gateway. Sawant and his team have devised an enclosure for women and families which will be curtained and barricaded from the stags' arena. \"The approach and dispersal routes are different. We have surveillance by CCTVs as well as police videographers to ensure detection in case anything should go wrong,\" he says.Police in khaki and plainclothes will line the streets as Mumbai parties on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825931", "title": "Nightmare on Barasat streets", "text": "KOLKATA: Barasat, it seems, has gone back to the dark ages with the crimes against woman continuing unabated. The retail and real estate boom, that was to make it Bengal's Noida, has instead brought to it the vices seen in the 'badlands' of north India. The alarming rise in the crime graph has left women afraid and insecure in the area.Aparna Roy (24), a fashion designer, said she was at an exhibition on July 27 when she received frantic calls from her parents. An On that evening, just an hour before she was to return home, an 18-year-old girl was molested by some drunken youths near platform No. 1 of the busy Barasat railway station the same day. Again, the audacity of the criminals had shocked the town that serves as the district headquarters of North 24-Parganas.Saturday's murder spot is barely 6 kilometres from the Barasat district town, where crimes like molestation, eve-teasing, rape and subsequent against women like molestation, eveteasing, rape and subsequent murder have become a common phenomenon now.Saturday's tragedy occurred at Sonakharki under Kokapur gram panchayat area in Barasat. The area is surrounded by several brick kilns, where hundreds of people hailing from states like Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha work. Locals alleged that a gang, active in the area, are involved in several crimes in the locality. According to sources, the gang operates illicit liquor business among the brick kiln workers and even the women workers are forced to join flesh trade by the gang members.A local, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"We are always scared to step out of our houses after dark, as some local goons, along with some brick kiln workers, drink openly and are also involved in several crimes. Some places in the area have become criminal hubs. The drunken men are also involved in drunken brawls which led to the attack on each other.Despite our repeated appeals, police hardly take action against them.\"Sources said another woman, a brick kiln worker, was gang-raped and murdered in the same area two years back and two persons, including a panchayat member and a local criminal, were arrested in this connection.On Sunday there was a panic among the local residents of Sonakharki following the brutal murder of a homemaker even the panick stricken women refused to say anything in this connection. The family members of Riazul Hawk, the owner of the house is barely 10 metres from the murder spot were severely panicked following the heinous crime took place on Saturday . The Hawk's house is only the residence at the murder spot and adjacent to the pond where Saleher' body was lying. \" After the dark the area which is surrounded by the bamboo trees is turned into an isolated and we do not dare to step out from the house. Around 7 p.m. on Saturday I just returned home and was taking a rest while we heard a chaos. Initially I thought it as a drunken brawl which is common in the area and feared to come out from the house. Later while I realized something was wrong I rushed out and found the woman's body lying beside the pond in a naked condition. We are feeling very insecure to live here with my family members,\" said Hawk.Mamood Hossain, a local youth said that the woman, the victim was very good in her behavior. \"She loved her family very much and used to think well-being of her family members. She was very happy that she earned something to cure her little grandson which she told us several times. But the criminals did not spare even a middle aged-homemaker and brutally killed her after abusing her sexually,\" said Hossain\"It's a matter of shame that such criminal activities take place so close to the police station. In fact, the crimes are patronized by the police. If proper raids are carried out, criminals from several parts of Bengal, who take refuge here, can be nabbed,\" said advocate Gouranga Pal. On July 25, Pal and his family were assaulted and driven out of their home in Subhas Nagar for protesting against a neighbourhood grocer selling liquor at his shop. Pal said he got police protection only after he moved the Calcutta high court, but the miscreants haven't been arrested yet.Subhas Nagar is about a kilometre from Kadambagachhi, where Bikash Bandhu Mullick, a homoeopath, was murdered recently. After Bikash Bandhu's murder, police were under tremendous pressure. The SP was also removed.But after this brief hiatus, the Saturday incident returned to haunt the residents of Barasat with 45-year-old homemaker Salehar Bibi being gangraped and brutally murdered near her residence at Sonakharki on Saturday evening. The woman was hit hard on her head with a blunt weapon after she was being allegedly raped by around six persons. The goons also attacked her husband Mahasin Ali and poured acid in his mouth while he tried to resist the goons to protect his wife. The woman died at the spot and her husband is still fighting for his life in RG Kar hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824553", "title": "M Karunanidhi spars with CM on Cauvery order notification", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa urged the Centre to notify the final award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal and charged the key UPA ally DMK with failing to expedite the same and its MPs with playing a suspicious role, the DMK chief M Karunanidhi refuted her charges.Jayalalithaa said on Saturday that people were suspicious if the DMK MPs had orally demanded that the final order should not be notified. She contended that if the DMK MPs had indeed sought notification of the Cauvery tribunal's order, it would have been given in writing and Karunanidhi should have released that to the media which had not been done. This made it clear there was no written representation, she said.Karunanidhi, in a letter to the party, said Jayalalithaa's criticism on the issue amounts to casting aspersions on the Prime Minister's office. He assured that his party MPs had taken up the issue of notification of final award with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during their recent meeting with him. \"This (Jayalalithaa's comments) amounts to casting aspersion on not only the DMK MPs but also on the Prime Minister's Office,\" Karunanidhi said.Karunanidhi said following his statement to the press on December 12 demanding that the final award be notified, DMK parliamentary party leader T R Baalu had led a delegation of MPs to meet the Prime Minister to take up the matter. \"They met the Prime Minister who assured to look into the matter. This had appeared in all newspapers. But in her own style, Jayalalithaa made wrong allegations about the meeting,\" he said.Earlier in the day, the chief minister held a review meeting with her senior cabinet colleagues and officials to discuss the Cauvery issue. Ministers including O Panneerselvam and KV Ramalingam attended the meeting, an official release stated but did not disclose any details.On December 7,the Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC), in its meeting, had informed the concerned states, including Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, that steps \"shall\" be taken to notify the final award of the tribunal at the earliest, \"but not later than the end of this month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826338", "title": "Malleswaram seeks to do a Samba of democracy", "text": "BANGALORE: You could call it the Samba of democracy, of the people's kind. And Malleswaram is now trying to do it. Inspired by a successful experiment in participatory democracy and budgeting undertaken by the people of Porto Alegre, Brazil, Malleswaram residents are trying to replicate it.Malleswaram is now out to realize the power of the community, in an effort to address local problems and get the political system to be responsive and accountable. Team Malleswaram, which was created on these fundamentals, plans to set an example to the entire city.\"Our primary purpose is to solve the common problems in the Malleswaram assembly constituency and help other citizens in constituting their own similar groups in their areas,\" says Meenakshi Bharath, specialist in assisted reproductive techniques, and also the co-founder of Team Malleswaram.Malleswaram's efforts in shaping its destiny have always been exemplary. The success it has achieved in solid waste management in some pockets is something that the entire city has failed to emulate. In this backdrop, Team Malleswaram is currently concentrating on a host of local problems that plague the area like garbage , sewage, water, safety and security.The campaign, rolled out on December 5, already has 100 volunteers. The primary unit of the group is the neighbourhood team, consisting of residents.\"This team is autonomous in all respects except where it concerns other teams or Team Malleswaram as a whole. The residents of a street are automatically entitled to become members,\" Meenakshi Bharath says. \"To be a volunteer, residents have to attend a VIP (volunteer induction programme), a 90-minute programme at the team campaign office. Volunteers are equipped with a tool kit that's essential to building their own neighbourhood team and all the support required to do so,\" she adds.Neighbourhood teams will have to respond to calls for help in an emergency - law and order, criminal or civic issue. Each team is networked with other teams from the area. Team Malleswaram hopes that a larger body of citizens will back more serious issues while the mother organization provides common communications infrastructure, support, training and material. The leadership of the team is chosen through direct election by members and those elected can be recalled too.\"We have seen politicians make empty promises and have criticized them. I think it is time we did something rather than sit back and hope for the best,\" says Vasuki GS, 65-year-old consultant and adviser to global industrial projects, on why he joined the group.The idea was born in BrazilThe idea of Team Malleswaram was inspired by the first successful people's organization in Porto Alegre, Brazil, where such organizations took on the municipal council, state and the central government and highlighted several civic issues. Participatory budgeting in the Brazilian city started in 1989 when one-third of its population lived in slums. The experiment changed the face of the city completey.Says J Srinivas, 63-year-old IIM-A alumnus and co-founder of the campaign, \"It's an idea whose time has come in India. However, this has to be adapted to Indian practices, sensibilities and sensitivities.\"Cleared s prasad/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824299", "title": "Airport Express halts, phase III takes off", "text": "For Delhiites, the year 2012 brought the possibility of a wider public transport network closer to reality with phase III of Delhi Metro getting off the ground. The third phase, which will cover an additional 108km of Delhi, will introduce two new corridors - Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (West) to Botanical Garden - besides extending the Central Secretariat line to Kashmere Gate.The year saw the closure of Delhi's celebrated Airport Metro Express. Launched in February 2011, the line closed amid safety concerns due to construction failures. The high-speed line, which connected the airport to the heart of the city, was discontinued after structural defects were found in the bearings, forcing trains to run at a low speed.The project, which - being the first PPP project - had been under intense scrutiny, was mired in controversy with DMRC and concessionaire Reliance Infrastructure blaming each other. On July 8, the line was shut for repairs.Mid-way through the repair, the concessionaire threatened to pull out, with the matter going to arbitration. The line, awaiting clearance from the commissioner of Metro railway safety, looks unlikely to resume operations soon.Commuters still had reason to cheer after Delhi Metro announced augmentation of its last-mile connectivity with addition of almost 600 feeder buses into its network. However, the project has been delayed with DMRC yet to decide a schedule for the launch. The service, which may add to the Metro's ridership, has been shuttling between the vendor and DMRC. While Delhi Metro claims the vendor has been chosen, the vendor says vehicles are not available as per specifications.Meanwhile, the extension of the Central Secretariat line also witnessed controversy, with heritage conservationists and ASI objecting to its alignment. The corridor passes near some of the oldest and most popular monuments in Delhi, including Red Fort, The National Monuments Authority is expected to take a call.However, the silver lining is that work on the rest of the third phase has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ berhampur", "code": "17825013", "title": "Forest department, railways pass jumbo tragedy buck", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ BERHAMPUR: A blame game has started between forest and railway officers following the death of five elephants and a foetus at Suabalaya in Ganjam district on Saturday night, with the state government convening a meeting to take stock of the situation on Monday.Forest and environment minister Bijayshree Routray stopped short of heaping the blame on railway authorities, but made evident his disgust with the latter for not adhering to government guidelines put in place since 2007. \"What can I say? The state government has given them precautionary signages, which they put up between the 10-km stretch connecting Rambha and Ganjam stations a month ago. If they pay no heed to that, how can we protect our wildlife?\" he told TOI.The guidelines, forest officers said, state that trains while passing through elephant corridors should resort to use of continuous hooters, powerful double-beam lights and drive slow, but in reality these are not being followed.\"When the local forest range officer informed the concerned divisional railway manager (DRM) about the movement of elephants in the area, the latter asked him to move the Rambha railway station officer. Precious time was lost in the process. The DRM could have directly alerted the train driver through the VHF communication and perhaps the tragedy could have been averted,\" a senior forest officer observed.Regional chief conservator of forests, Berhampur, Jitendra Kumar, said: \"The accident took place because the train could not control its speed although the area is identified as a crossing place for elephants.\"At a coordination committee meeting held six months ago in the wake of elephants deaths in train accidents at some places in the state, forest staff had intimated railway representatives about a jumbo herd possibly crossing over the railway track and requested that train drivers be cautioned.\"Signboards were installed at the spot to inform train drivers about frequent movement of elephants. Our staff also intimated the railway control room about the possible movement of pachyderms before the accident occurred,\" Kumar said.Railway officers said they received the information from forest staff \"too late\", hence could not take any step to control the train's speed. \"We received information about movement of elephants from forest officers at 12.43 am. The accident took place around the same time,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM), Khurda Road division, S K Mohanty. \"We could have issued a caution notice to the train driver and instructed him to control the speed had we got at least 15 to 20 minutes to react,\" he added, maintaining the railways had implemented the decision taken at the coordination committee meeting.While the forest and railway officers attempted to pass on the buck, local people demanded a high level inquiry into the accident. \"It's a very serious issue. The government should form a committee to inquire into the cause of the accident, said former chairman, Ganjam panchayat samiti, Surath Pahan. Even though the elephant herd was roaming in the area for the last four years and killed at least 8 persons and injured several others, the state government had not taken steps to drive them away from the area, leading to the tragedy, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825311", "title": "Faith leaders talk of change", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the nation erupting in anger against the Delhi gang rape, religious leaders joined people across the country to demand strict laws for women's safety. Shahi Imam, Habib-ur-Rehman Sani suggested that women be allowed to carry knives while the management of Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Sarabha Nagar decided to organize self defence courses for girls. The Shahi Imam stressed the need for a public and fast trial with stringent punishment. A demand he will raise in a letter to the President.According to the Shahi Imam, laws followed in Arabic countries could be implemented here to deter criminals from targeting the innocent. \"The government should allow women to carry knives so that they can protect themselves.\" Saying that the act had defamed India, the Shahi Imam said the President should organize a court near the India Gate and announce punishment in a single day. \"I will write to the President in this regard. We will create pressure so that protests don't fizzle out before a solution is found,\" he said.Jatinder Singh Sandhu, president of the Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Sarabha Nagar management underlined the need for religious institutions to work for social change and women's empowerment. \"A multi-pronged policy is required under which all religious institutions, including temples, gurdwaras, churches and mosques should work towards imparting a good character to youngsters through moral education. Lessons in self defence should also be imparted to girls,\" he said.According to Sandhu, martial arts training the gurdwara would impart to girls would include the traditional \"gatka,\" Punjabi martial arts and other forms like karate. Chairman of the Govind Godham trust Sunder Das Dhamija said a \"Maha Sankirtan\" would be organized at Godham near Hambran road, \"We will observe one minute silence for the victim. We will also urge the public to make sure that whenever women face trouble, they should rush to the rescue instead of waiting for the police and allowing the perpetrator to run away.Dhamija also said they are considering holding self defence classes for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824905", "title": "Girl riders irked at loafers' remarks", "text": "PATNA: \"Wanna come along\", \"Ek race ho jaye\" and other such comments are common to the ears of the lady riders in the city.Ask any girl who rides two-wheelers and she will confirm that every second guy on the bike dares her to race with them and every third guy wants to trail along.Parents who thought that their daughters would be out of harm's way commuting on her vehicle rather than using public transportation, surely forgot to take into account the loafers on the lookout of girl riders who get a high passing lewd remarks while rocketing by.\"Not a single day goes by when some boy or another does not comment while zooming his bike from your side,\" said Shipra, a second year BA student, who goes by one name only.The whole nation is demanding stricter laws for the safety of women but there are still those (and a sizeable number) who are not past letching, eve-teasing or abusing the fairer sex.\"Whenever I ride my scooty I cover my face with a 'dupatta' and it is not just because of pollution. I don't want to oblige the bikers who make an effort to turn around their heads to check you out,\" said Sumanlata, 25, a private teacher. She added, \"Many a times boys try to zero in on your two-wheeler from the left side, especially if the 'Learning' sign is displayed, which makes it really difficult to maintain balance while riding and has once even made me skid off the road.\"And it is not just the big guys, even kids on bikes and bicycles (yes cycles!) seem to get a kick trying to race with girl riders. \"Just a couple of weeks ago two children on a bicycle started trailing me when I was moving on the Patna City-Ashok Rajpath route. At one moment they were on my left and the next they moved to my right, trying to irritate me voicing vulgar songs,\" says Pooja Singh, another College student residing near Gaighat.Singh adds, \"They did not leave me in peace even after I chided them and shamelessly laughed at me. Only when I threatened to call the police did they leave me alone.\"Most of the girls usually ignore (or pretend to) these roadside Romeos if it is not very serious, while threats to call the police also works at times as the bikers slowly take a side lane to leave the girls alone.A resident of Kidwaipuri, recalls a similar experience. In her words, \"I had gone to a nearby marketplace to buy some provisions and while I was returning home, an uncle dared to ask if I wanted to come along. When I replied 'Let's go to the police station' he simply vanished.\"While a scooty company claim that why only boys should have fun, lady riders in the city definitely don't have much fun while speeding their bikes on the city roads!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825335", "title": "25 Andhra Pradesh ministers globetrotted for 500 days in three and half years: RTI", "text": "HYDERABAD: About 25 state cabinet ministers have undertaken 57 foreign tours since the formation of the Congress government in 2009, revealed a RTI (Right to Information) reply from the General Administration Department (GAD) of the state. Further, it has come to light that a majority of the trips were for personal reasons.While 23 were official tours, 34 were personal ones made over a period of three and half years. Put together, the ministers have spent as many as 500 days abroad. It has also revealed that 11 of the ministers have spent more than 20 days abroad each and a batch of four ministers took off to Mauritius for a leisure trip in 2011. Surprisingly, the RTI query states that none of the Congress chief ministers post 2009 elections, including Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, K Rosaiah and N Kiran Kumar Reddy have travelled abroad either for personal or official reasons.However, the GAD department failed to provide any information on the funds or money spent on any of these trips.RTI activist Rakesh Reddy who sought this information said, \"When the central government is talking about the importance of austerity regarding international trips and making the details of these trips transparent, I feel even the state government should follow suit.\"He noted, \"Many of the ministers were abroad for a month in a year on an average and were going on extensive personal trips is not a small thing. The state government should frame certain guidelines and limit the number of days these ministers can travel abroad.\"The GOs that mentioned the details regarding these trips were either found marked confidential or were blank, failing to provide any further information on them.\"Why doesn't the government make these government orders transparent so that people will have more clarity on these trips?\" Rakesh questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17826309", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University offers distance learning course in MBA", "text": "BELGAUM: Here is good news for those who are employed but still yearn to do an MBA simultaneously. The only Technical University in the state -- Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) -- is all set to start a correspondence MBA course from this academic year (May/June).There is great demand for VTU regular MBA course, but due to stiff competition, many students are declined of the opportunity. There are four VTU regional centres across Karnataka, Belgaum, Bangalore, Mysore and Gulbarga. In these centres, the classes will be conducted every Saturday and Sunday. If any college with good infrastructural facilities comes forward to conduct contact classes, VTU is ready to provide franchises.Though many universities are conducting correspondence courses in MBA, many students are more keen in doing it from VTU. Through Edusat, experts from various fields like banking and other industries, will be called for guest lectures. Students can opt for doing their MBA in either HR, marketing or finance.\"This was a long-pending demand of students and the employed, hence, we have decided to start correspondence MBA course from this academic year. For regular course, the age was also the criteria but for correspondence course, age will not be the criteria,\" said H Maheshappa, vice chancellor, VTU.By doing this MBA course the working class may also get promotion and we are very much confident of getting very good response for the course, said Maheshappa. The course fees will be almost the same with that of other MBA correspondence courses. Those who posses any degree can apply for the course.--------------------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823984", "title": "Planners design safe city for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of urban designers from planning body Unified Traffic &amp; Transportation (Planning &amp; Engineering) Centre have submitted a draft for action points on women's safety and sent it to the lieutenant governor and state government chief secretary.These action points include urban development, educational and enforcement measures for the city and a detailed technical report with guidelines and conceptualization plans for physical interventions is expected to be put up in the LG's next governing body meeting scheduled in January.The 10-page document sent to the LG and chief secretary provides some pointers and action points for various government agencies to take up on priority basis, to make Delhi safer for women. These are divided into broad categories of immediate, mid-term and long-term measures.One of the immediate measures includes the proper street lighting of major streets with clearly designated energy requirement of each street light. The UTTIPEC team has recommended different kinds of lighting according to requirement.The team has also recommended the introduction of hawking areas and street markets in areas like Dhaula Kuan, Dwarka, NH-8 and all major arterials as they are 'unwatched streets'. \"We have suggested the creation of Multi-Utility Zone (MUZ) for street vendors by simple markings and bollards (similar to what has been done in New York with temporary coloured markings on roads), especially where roads are wider than 45 metres. This increases 'eyes on streets' and makes these areas more active,\" explained a senior UTTIPEC official.The team has also suggested increasing making bus transport safer and more reliable by lighting the bus stop brightly, removing the barrier advertisement panel which may conceal criminals and locate hawkers next to bus stops in planned way to ensure bus stops don't become deserted.Urging civic agencies to stop proposing flyovers and grade separator projects, the team of urban planning experts has called them \"nothing but rape dens which don't relieve traffic congestion in the long term\". In fact, the team has asked for slowing down of vehicles on signal-free roads at night to reduce chances of criminals whizzing away after committing a crime.Mid-term measures suggested by the team include retrofitting of all major roads in the city by getting rid of walls and setbacks of buildings for increasing road safety at night.For the long term, the agency has recommended more mixed-use districts to allow round-the-clock activities. Instead of gated colonies, the team has suggested creation of vibrant neighbourhoods with shops open round the clock for increased public activity.The suggestions also include a revision in resettlement policy, saying that poor should be provided housing in the city and not outside. Planners are also recommending that women's safety issues should be incorporated in Local Area Plans, transportation infrastructure projects and influence area plans, as suggested by studies by women's rights groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824332", "title": "Brave Nirbhaya binds nation in one hue", "text": "RANCHI: The brutal rape followed by the painful death of the Delhi gang rape victim has fuelled public outcry across Daltonganj. This ghastly incident has strengthened people's resolve to bring about a change.In keeping with this, teenage boys and girls along with their parents took part in a silent protest here on Sunday and vowed to fight against all forms of violence and atrocities against women.Social activists Nandlal Singh, K D Singh, Shailender Kumar, Shabbir Ahmad and former Maoist leader Satish Kumar led the procession.The procession converged at Daltonganj's Chhoumuhan where the activists sang a song out of anger and shock for the fearless one whose life came to a tragic end in Singapore.The protestors held placards bearing messages in Hindi and English. One such placard read, \"Stop violence against women\". The anger against bad policing in matters like this was also evident.In Dhanbad, students and doctors of Patalputra Medical College Hospital here paid tribute to Nirbhaya, the Delhi-based medical student who died in Singapore.Nurses too joined the condolence meeting. Students and teachers of the medical college, including other doctors, assembled at Gandhi Circle here and lit candles in memory of her.The programme was organised by Dhanbad Action Group, a city-based NGO. Group convenor Dr N K Singh and other doctors took pledge to protect and preserve the dignity of women and girls and protest against any attempt of its violation in any form.Another candle march to protest the rape victim's death was organised from Puja Circle to Randhir Verma Circle on Sunday evening by the students of Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824928", "title": "'Bihar eyes top spot in tourist footfalls'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is fast developing in the sector of tourism and so are the opportunities for exploration in the state for all age groups of tourists. The tourism department is working on plans to make Bihar the state with maximum tourist footfalls in the country. It made some major initiatives in the year 2012 and has many more on the table for the coming year. Talking to TOI, state tourism minister Sunil Kumar 'Pintu' outlined some of the major plans of the tourism department to attract more tourists to the state. Incidentally, Bihar received 1.98 crore and 91.90 lakh footfalls of domestic and foreign tourists respectively between January-November 2012. Excerpts from the interview :New Year has arrived. What will be your gift to Patnaites this New Year?The month of January will be full of gifts for Patnaites. We have developed Ganga diara and arranged food and game stalls along with sitting arrangements where families can have picnic and bask in the sun. Also on January 14 and 15, we will organize a grand 'kite festival'. By the month-end (expected date January 26), the much-awaited light and sound show will start at Golghar. For the first time, Biharis will be able to see live ads like in foreign countries in the state capital. For this we are putting up a 12X8 feet LED TV at Udyog Bhawan and 12X18 feet HD LED TV at Biscomaun building before January-end. We are also planning lighting up buildings around Gandhi Maidan and on the bank of Ganga.Anything more for Patna on the cards?We are also organizing 'Buddha Samagam' at the Buddha Smriti Park in the first week of January. The Dalai Lama will be participating in the event on January 4, 5 and 6. Besides, on January 6, Mauritius president will visit the state capital when we will finalize the issues of setting up of an information centre of Mauritius government in Patna and sending Bihari women for celebrating Chhath in their country.What should other districts expect from your department?We are also organizing a three-day-long Buddha Mahotsav on February 3 at Bodh Gaya. Besides, in 2013, we are planning to set up escalators and ropeway at Rajgir and the mountains of Rohtasgarh and Mandargarh. Light and sound shows, similar to that at Golghar, would be started at Mahendru Ghat and Gandhi Ghat in Patna, Pandu Pokhar at Rajgir and at Bodh Gaya. Bihar would be the first state of the country with multi-language signage, including in Thai, Sri Lankan and Chinese languages. These signage, conceptualized by principal secretary, tourism, Deepak Kumar and designed by BSTDC creative head Pushpam Priya Choudhary, have already been installed at Bodh Gaya, Gaya and Rajgir during Pitrapaksh, and by March-end they would also be installed at Patna and Vaishali.You must have some other plans as well...We are also planning daily, to and fro tour of tourists from Patna to Rajgir and Bodh Gaya. Promoting Madhubani art and providing guides at every tourist spot is also our aim. Soon, tourists coming to Bihar can enjoy better hospitality facilities along Patna-Gaya and Patna-Rajgir routes as 13 line hotels owners have agreed to develop their establishments according to our requirements. We are giving them 50% subsidy for the purpose.Ganga Aarti has gained popularity in Patna. What are your plans for other Ganga ghats?We have planned to organize Ganga aarti at the ghats of Buxar, Munger, Sultanganj and Bhagalpur. Also, floatels, 'shikaras' and boat houses at the various ghats of Ganga in different parts of the state are also on the cards.Could you list your other major achievements in 2012?Yes, we made some major accomplishments. These include initiating various projects in Patna and in other districts. We developed Gandhi ghat as a major hangout. Reconstruction of tourist department's hotels across the state has also started. Toilets and bus stands are being developed at Bodh Gaya, and Ghoda Katora is being developed as an eco site. We have also started the beautification of Shri Ram Janki temple at Buxar, Khanqah-e-Muazzam at Biharsharif, Sinhvahini temple, Radha Krishna temple and Auxi Mahadev temple at Madhubani. To make the historical buildings of the state more attractive, we are putting up LED lights there. Besides, for the development of Ramayan, Sufi, Sikh and Bapu circuits, we have been sanctioned Rs 8 crore each by the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825668", "title": "Hindi Sansthan employees to retire at age of 60", "text": "LUCKNOW: The employees working in the UP Hindi Sansthan will now retire at the age of 60. This was announced by the state chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on the occasion of its 36th foundation day celebrated on Sunday. The CM also announced restoration of 108 awards given to the literatures and doubling their prize money. He also announced that an award will be instituted in the name of Rajarshi Purushottam Das Tandon. In addition to this, Akhilesh also announced revival of abolished posts of Hindi Sansthan.Addressing people, the CM said that his government would do everything to promote and encourage Hindi language. The CM, who is also the chairman of the Hindi Sansthan said, \"People in every nook and corner are learning the Hindi language. A large credit for promoting the language goes to the film industry.\" He added that there is a need of good quality children literature for promoting Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829317", "title": "Amala Paul denies rumours", "text": "Dusky beauty Amala Paul in her short career, Amala Paulhas already bagged projects with big stars like Vijay, Jayam Ravi and Arya in Tamil. She is one actress who's equity has been soaring in Kollywood and Tollywood. Rumours are rounding around Amala Paul, that she is refusing to pair with new heroes.But the actress has denied the rumours that she is stipulating conditions to producers that she will act with only big heroes. She insists that she isn't bound just by big directors and big stars. Amala Paul asserts that selecting the heroes is the responsibility of the producers and directors. If the script and character is apt for her, she doesn't mind acting with newcomers as well.The actress is busy with her untitled Tamil flick with Vijay directed by A L Vijay, ' Nimirndhu Nil ' directed by Samuthirakani with Jayam Ravi and Ram Charan-starrer ' Nayak ' which also stars Kajal Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824304", "title": "'If there is safety in crowds then Dharampeth is a safe place'", "text": "NAGPUR: Many call it the chowpatty of Nagpur. The younger crowds find it cool as a hang out place. The bustling West High Court Road is now among the most crowded area of the city and often a nightmare for those who live here or are out for some serious shopping.\"Actually, it is a mix of functional and upscale,\" says Aruna Bunker, a homemaker who does all her shopping here. \"The vegetable market, fine dining restaurants and the road side eateries bring in all types of crowds. But still it is a safe place as people are too busy doing their own thing,\" she feels.\"I don't feel safe in Dharampeth at all because of the rash driving. Young boys and girls speed along on two wheelers making it a very unsafe place to move around,\" feels Sandeep Chimote, a salesman. Though the crowds do lend a sense of safety to women yet there are some who are queasy to move alone. \"The theatre and the vegetable market bring in different kinds of crowds, more than eve teasing I am scared of crimes like chain snatching,\" says Vandana Khape, a student.\"The large number of jewellers in and around Dharampeth makes it a buzzing place visited by big ticket buyers. But still we have not heard of robberies here like the ones that happen in Ramdaspeth,\" opines Manjari Kulkarni who resides in this area and finds it very safe.Dharampeth forms the main artery of the city connecting West Nagpur with the northern side of the city. \"The rush of traffic flowing through this area has seen a tremendous increase,\" feels Anita Rao, a businesswoman who frequents Dharampeth and says, \"It is safe for those who see safety in crowds.\"The youth of city finds it a very happening place and considers it to be a cool hangout. \"The various restro lounges, the cafes and ice-cream parlour bring in a mix of boys and girls and it is a good meeting point for many of us,\" says Deepti Athawale, an undergrad. \"It's safe as there the dangerous kind of eve teasers do not hang out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831132", "title": "We manage to swallow false teeth, chicken bones", "text": "Chicken and fish bones are the most likely objects swallowed accidentally by adults, according to new research.But doctors say there is no reason to panic as 80 per cent of itinerant bones pass though the body harmlessly, the Telegraph reported.False teeth are said to be the third most commonly swallowed object, according to the study carried out by Dusseldorf University Hospital.A pensioner reportedly died earlier in the year after swallowing his dentures during a dalliance with a prostitute.Children aged between six months and six years meanwhile are the group most likely to accidentally swallow undesirable objects, the most dangerous of which include batteries and magnets.In the most extreme cases, 1 per cent of people need surgery to retrieve problem bones and other objects. However, researchers stress that most cases are resolved naturally, without medical intervention.The emergency procedures, known as esophagogastroduodenoscopies, are typically used in cases where a patient has swallowed especially sharp bones or any foreign body longer than 6cm.In cases where surgery is required, time is often in short supply, say experts.Annually 1,500 Americans don't get medical help quickly enough and die after choking on foreign objects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17824991", "title": "Fog, power cuts play havoc", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Plummeting temperatures along with power cuts have made life miserable of the people in plains. They have been subjected to power cuts lasting from two to four hours daily in the past one week.Arun Verma, director, distribution, Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) told TOI that the state government has managed to buy additional 23 lakh units of power from the open market. \"We had applied for 28 lakh units of additional power but managed to get 23 lakh units. This was a temporary phase and there will not be any power cuts now,\" he said.Punjab requires at least 900 lakh units of power to meet its demands on a daily basis. However, power crisis worsened in the state because of power utility's failure to get supply from thermal projects in Gujarat. \"We were getting 55MW of power from each of the five units in Mundra plant in Gujarat. For some reason, two of their units were not functional which led to a situation where we were not getting over 90 MW of power. This is what compelled us to make alternate arrangements,\" added Verma.Although the state purchases power in advance to meet the shortfall during summers, no such arrangements are made for winters. Besides, the power purchased from open market brings along to its own set of problems as the rates are far too high. While PSPCL bought power at Rs 5.56 per unit on Saturday, it could get it for Rs 5.92 per unit earlier this week.Officials said increase in demand for power supply from industry and farm sectors also put strain on the availability of power, forcing the power utility to impose power cuts.Power tripping and outagesWith dense fog enveloping the state, concerns have mounted over its impact on electricity distribution. Fog is known to cause power tripping, and thereby massive outages. Tripping of power transmission lines happens when heavy fog mixes with unburnt carbon and other pollutants in the air and settles on the conventional porcelain disc insulators along the lines. It leads to shorting the conducting path and triggering a flashover. On January 2, 2011, there was a near 12-hour blackout in northern India following line outages. Fog had led to failure of a key substation in Uttar Pradesh, setting off a near-complete collapse of the country's northern grid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826133", "title": "People across Rajasthan grieve for Delhi gang rape victim's death", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi gang rape victim is no more, but people from all walks of life continued to condole her death. They did everything, from organizing a 'Sadbudhi Yagna' to painting in her memory. Some shattered by the victim's death postponed to go for movie shows, while others were seen cancelling birthday celebrations of their relatives and friends. People, instead of holding placards and shouting slogans, were seen hanging around Statue Circle quietly.A section of protesters were so moved by the tragedy that they pledged not to keep quiet if they every see any girl or a woman in trouble in future.Gaurav and Anisha Hajela chose not to celebrate their marriage anniversary on Sunday. They preferred to light candles at Statue Circle for the departed soul. \"I don't want to celebrate this day as we are disturbed by her death. We thought of spending some time here with people, even if they are strangers, who have gathered at Statue Circle to get their point across of curbing crimes against women,\" Gaurav said.Some children painted to showcase how a female becomes helpless at times. As a positive thought others painted persons being caught while eve teasing a girl at public places.A group of pundits were seen organizing a yagna near Statue Circle. \"We have pledged to respect and help women throughout our life. We are also praying to god to give wisdom to the government, police, judiciary and others who should do their bid to ensure safety of women in this country,\" said Pt Brij Lal Sharma who participated in the yagna.A group of students in Kota wore black bands as a protest against the Delhi government's failure to give a safe environment to the girl students living in Delhi for studies. Similar peaceful protests were reported from Jodhpur, Alwar, Ajmer, Jaisalmer and other parts of the state where protesters remembered the 23-year-old victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824529", "title": "J Jayalalithaa to visit Kodanad", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will leave for the hill district of Nilgiris on Tuesday and work from there for a few days. \"She will stay at Kodanad in the district for a few days and take up her official work from there,\" an official release stated.Jayalalithaa will attend a government function at Edakkadu in the district on January 4. The chief minister would preside over the golden jubilee function of Kuntha industrial co-operative tea factory and release the souvenir book. She will also introduce 'Ooty tea' in Aavin sale centers, the release added.Informed sources said an elaborate security plan has been put in place by the district administration and the police. AIADMK functionaries are preparing to give her a memorable welcome during her visit. She had previously visited Kodanad in June this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830306", "title": "Telcos to intercept BlackBerry services in real time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Major telecom companies in country have agreed to providing real time intercept facilities for Blackberry smartphones meeting a December 31 deadline set by the government.The Department of Telecom (DoT) had set a deadline of December 31 for lawful real time legal interception of Blackberry services after the Canadian-based manufacturer of the smart phone -- Research In Motion (RIM) -- had provided a solution for the same.After initial reluctance from all major telecom service providers including Bharti Airtel and Tata, all the operators fell in line and installed the software for providing real time intercept of all facilities to the security agencies, sources said.RIM, which has more than one million subscribers in India, had been asked to provide resolution and web-browsing requirements in respect of Blackberry Internet Service (BIS) in consultation with the Telecom Service Providers (TSPs) and their lawful interception vendors. RIM agreed to place a server in Mumbai in this connection, the sources added.Vodafone and Tata's were among the first TSPs to report compliance which was followed by Bharti Airtel who have also offered to the DoT that they were ready for testing of the equipment.TSPs had been pushing for extension of tomorrow's deadline but a reluctant DoT finally made them fall in line and ensure that the interception facilities were completed before December 31, the sources said.In a statement, Blackberry had said that \"we are pleased to inform you that RIM has now delivered a solution that enables India's wireless carriers to address their lawful access requirements for our consumer messaging services, which include Blackberry Messenger (BBM) and Blackberry Internet Service (BIS) email.\"The lawful access capability now available to RIM's carrier partners meets the standard required by the Government of India for all consumer messaging services offered in the Indian marketplace. We also wish to underscore, once again, that this enablement of lawful access does not extend to Blackberry Enterprise Server.\"The Blackberry services, which were termed as security threat at one point of time by security agencies, had been asked to provide resolution and web-browsing requirements in respect of Blackberry Internet Service (BIS) in consultation with the TSPs and their lawful interception vendors.RIM agreed to place a server in Mumbai in this connection and also stated that it has complied with the requirements of the probe agencies after their services were red-flagged on the security issues as the interception was not in the readable format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825560", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government drafts industrial policy 2012", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to make Uttar Pradesh an industrial state, the government on the directives of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has drafted infrastructure and industrial policy-2012. The policy has fixed the target of annual industrial development at 11.2%. According to an official release, the government in order to achieve the target of industrial development has simplified rules of labour, energy and environment departments. To remove regional imbalance in industrial development of the state, special facilities have been provided in Purvanchal, Bundelkhand and Madhyanchal regions of the state, added the release.Blood donation camp held: Punjab National Bank (PNB), in association with PNB Prerna and Shrishti, organised a blood donation camp at its circle office, Gomtinagar. VP Jain, circle head of the bank said that Shrishti, a female organisation, is engaged in various social activities and has also funded thalessemic children for their blood transfusion. Over 100 bank employees donated blood in the camp.Religious discourse: Delivering a discourse at Satya Mandir, Indiranagar Shraddheya Poonamji said that life is full of struggles and happiness but the beauty lies in hands of man that as to how he manages the situation. If one has positive outlook and tries to manage the situation happily, he doesn't has to face any stress but if one increases negativity then he will face stress, she explained. The beauty of life is revealed when we start thinking positively and have concern for all creatures. The satisfaction results in contentment which again leads to removal of conflicts, added Maa Poonamji.Human day on January 1: Like previous years, this year also World Human Organisation is going to celebrate 'human day' on January 1, 2013. On this occasion, several social activists and writers would be honoured with awards for their contribution in the field of education, literature and social service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17826101", "title": "School girls oppose BJP MLA's skirt remark, present him a skirt", "text": "ALWAR: School girls, livid over the 'dress' remark of BJP MLA from Alwar Banwari Lal Singhal, gheraoed the house and presented him a skirt late on Saturday night.In the aftermath of the Delhi gang rape incident, Singhal had written a letter to the state's chief secretary C K Mathew asking him to ban skirts in schools.On Sunday morning, some of the protesting girls brought skirts with them and raised slogans against the MLA's remark. The agitating girls demanded that the MLA to change his mentality rather than advising the state government to change girls' uniforms in order to reduce incidents of crime against women.A protester Shilpi Vadhwa said, \"The MLA's mentality is very narrow that is why he is giving such kind of suggestions.\"Another school girl Gurjeet Kaur said, \"Who is he to curb the freedom of women.\"Some of the agitating girls on Saturday night gheraoed the MLA at his residence and presented him a skirt as a mark of protest.While the protest was on, BJP's Mahila Morcha also reached the MLA's residence. At one point, it looked like that the agitating girls and the Mahila Morcha women would take on each other but the police made a timely intervention.Singhal had written to the chief secretary that skirts attract \"sharp and dirty glances and lewd comments\" from mischievous elements when skirt-clad girls walk to school or wait for their school buses. Singhal had recommended that the government tell schools to replace skirts with salwar suits or shirts and trousers. He had further written that girls face problems in extreme winter and summer due to skirts.But, the remark of the legislator triggered protest against him as the girls took it as interference in their freedom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17830077", "title": "Canadian honour for Chennai-born engineer", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai-born engineer M G Venkatesh Mannar has been appointed as an Officer of the Order of Canada for his contribution in the area of salt iodisation to reduce debilitating micronutrient deficiencies in people. Admission into the Canadian national order is the second highest honour for merit in Canada.Mannar, who was born into a family that had been processing salt for generations, became fascinated with the opportunity to end iodine deficiency disorders by using salt as a vehicle for iodine consumption. Iodine deficiency has been identified as a leading cause of preventable brain damage.Mannar left his family business to become a consultant for international agencies such as UNICEF , the World Food Programme and the World Health Organization in the area of salt iodization. He helped establish salt iodization in more than 50 countries, and has played a part in one of the most successful public health campaigns of the 20th century. Today nearly 4 billion people have access to iodized salt.Mannar graduated from IIT-Madras in 1970 with a BTech. degree in chemical engineering, before doing postgraduate work in Northwestern University, USA. IIT-Madras honoured Mannar with the Distinguished Alumnus Award in 2011 in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the global effort to stem micronutrient deficiency. He is one of 95 current awardees out of an alumni population of nearly 40,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17823948", "title": "Indian skipper Dhoni has a go at new ODI rules", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian skipper MS Dhoni might not like the new ODI rules that came into play from Sunday but he has to live with it. As per the new rules, two new balls will be used at the two ends, the bowlers will be allowed to fire two bouncers per over and there will be no batting PowerPlay.The bowling PowerPlay will have to be completed before the 40th over and more than four fielders will not be allowed outside the 30-yard circle at any stage of the innings.\"I am not in favour of such rules but we can't help it. A lot of changes have taken place in ODIs and the new ones are not easy for the spinners. The spinners are often criticised for not offering flight in ODIs, but I don't really understand what the ICC actually expects from them when they are forced to play under such circumstances,\" Dhoni fumed.Pakistan skipper Misbah-ul-Haq, on the other hand, felt it's the pacers who might struggle to cope with the new rules. \"I think spinners can still manage but the kind of innovative shots that are being played by the batsmen, it will make life difficult for the pacers with so less cover outside the ring. The captains, too, will find it tough to put a strategy in place,\" Misbah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826212", "title": "Lamps to be lit at Ram Kund to welcome 2013", "text": "NASHIK: While people are busy in arranging for parties to welcome the New Year, the Nashik-based Swami Mitra Mela Pratishthan has geared up to welcome the 2013 in a novel way by lighting lamps on the banks of the holy river, Godavari.Thousand of members of Swami Mitra Mela Pratishthan (SMMP), which include maximum youths in the age group of 20 to 40 years, will light the lamps at 'Ram Kund' in Panchavati. A total of 2013 lamps will be lit at midnight at the stroke of 12 on the occasion. The Pancham Gurupeethadhish Swami Sakha Sumant Saraswati from Swami Samarth Sampraday Wadi, Badlapur, will guide the participants on the occasion.Pushkar Avdhoot of SMMP said, \"We have been celebrating the New Year in this novel manner for the past eight years now.\"A programme of devotional songs will be held between 8 pm and 10.30 pm.Meanwhile, the SMMP has also organised a motorcycle rally from Nashik to Akkalkot. The rally will begin on January 1, 2013, and will conclude on January 5 at Akkalkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17826496", "title": "Want to be a doctor in Britain? Brace for tougher examinations", "text": "LONDON: Indian doctors wanting to work in Britain will face a more rigorous assessment in future. This was decided by the United Kingdom's health authorities after figures showed a high proportion of doctors who lose their registration in UK are from abroad.Almost 36% of all doctors practicing in the UK are from abroad, with the largest segment coming from India. Without them the National Health Service (NHS) would collapse. But in the last five years it was found that 63% of overseas doctors either struck off from the register or suspended by the General Medical Council (GMC) are qualified for the profession outside UK.Dr Vivienne Nathanson, British Medical Association (BMA) director of professional activities, said, \"It is clear that doctors qualified overseas are more likely to be subject to disciplinary action. However, more research is needed to understand why this is the case. The UK is still short of doctors and so we must ensure that those coming from overseas are given adequate support to be able to practice medicine in the UK.\"The GMC's new reforms included an induction programme , better checks and a review of the present testing system. Niall Dickson, the chief executive of the GMC, said, \"We absolutely acknowledge that when it comes to the serious end of the scale, those from overseas are more likely to appear, and we have set about a series of reforms to address this.\"A pilot scheme of the new induction programme for all arriving doctors is scheduled to be launched in early 2013. This will combine online training in British medical practices with a one-day course covering some of the issues facing new entrants.The Performance and Linguistic Assessments Board test for applying doctors will be made more difficult then present. The doctors will have to demonstrate their clinical skills and competence before they are accepted for practice in the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824782", "title": "Single women kept out of party games", "text": "MUMBAI: Partying on New Year's Eve is something everyone plans for and housing societies across the city are no exception. Cooperative housing societies, even if they comprise a small standalone building or several with multiple wings designated with letters of the alphabet, swing into the act about a month in advance. They often rope in every member with a trick or a treat to contribute and be part of the 'gala' bash being put together. So far, so good, say single women who are a part of the thousands of housing societies in Mumbai. But when it comes to organizing party games at such dos, the maiden who may have come alone often finds she is the odd woman out.Most games, after all are targeted towards the many couples, young and old, who flock the floor at such social gatherings.As more Mumbaikars make plans to organize their own NYE parties in their society enclaves and line up fun and games along with the mandatory DJ and delicious array of starters and main course dishes, party games to break the ice and perhaps fill in the time till the ball drops are becoming a rage too. Event managers like Anil Yadav, who has organized NYE and other parties for corporate and large housing society including one for 1,000 members of the Bhakti Park complex in Wadala this December 31, admits the usual line-up of games includes many which have to be played by couples. Though the Bhakti Park party is devoid of games for just this reason, and a separate kids enclosure for games is created, the games include 'Two to tango-cloth folding game' or making couples execute various instructions.Some special games this year at parties organized by event managers include 'coconut mania' where \"preferably couples form teams and each couple is given a coconut which has to be held between their foreheads and then execute instructions given by the anchor such as 'jump up' and 'move two steps' without dropping the coconut. 'Two to tango' has couples dancing on a piece of cloth which keeps getting smaller with each fold, and the ones still standing together on the last fold win. There are a few games like musical chairs which are played by every adult individual present. Games for children, of course, make no such distinction.But, not by design, games for singletons in the crowd are few. Usually in societies the singletons too are few. \"If there are family parties organized in buildings, it is not that they cannot participate and play other games but the single woman usually ends up being a spectator,'' said Rina Pujara, an advocate who practices at the Bombay High Court.She added, \"This is why I prefer not to contribute and go for such parties. Why should I go if I can't enjoy them just as much?''A software designer, who is 29 and single, added, \"When it comes to parties organized for families, games are targeted at couples and children, and the singles usually join in when the DJ blasts the music and everyone is a happy feet.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17821132", "title": "Delhi gang rape victim's answers to police could be a crucial dying declaration", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts say that the evidence left behind by the victim of the Delhi gang rape victim who lost her battle to survive the brutal crime appears to be the strongest and most crucial in the form of a dying declaration in the case to nail the accused.With the police having invoked the murder charge on Saturday against the six accused after Nirbhaya breathed her last in a Singapore hospital less than a fortnight after her brutal gang rape on a moving bus from which she was thrown out, it is now their task to expedite the filing of the chargesheet in the case and take it to trial, said lawyers. The police must set a deadline for completing the probe so that the trial takes off soon.Advocate Shrikant Bhat in Mumbai said, \"Since the young woman is now no more, her death which was caused as a result of the brutal assault on her body attracts the murder rap and the law and the maximum punishment for it is death by hanging.\" He added, that what is crucial is that in this case since the victim was unable to speak due to crime and as reported, answered all the police questions in writing, it would form a critical dying declaration.\"Such a dying declaration would be very strong as it is in her writing, going by media reports.\" He added further,\"based on the evidence that the police have regarding the identity of the accused, it would be a fit case for capital punishment.\"Advocate Hitesh Jain and advocate Rajendra Shirodkar in Mumbai too said that the case would be one where the harshest punishment will be applicable.Nirbhaya's plight had led to a demand greater protection from sexual violence that impacts thousands of women daily in Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829016", "title": "B21 out now", "text": "Moviebox is proud to announce that the new B21 album '1-2-B' has finally released after many years in the making. Bhota Jagpal &amp; Bally Jagpal are finally ready to make their long awaited comeback with Moviebox who launched B21 in 1996.A single from the album was launched in October 2012 before the release of the album. Moviebox have already commissioned 3 video shoots for the album with a 4th video being shot in the next 2 weeks to support the release of 12B.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17829959", "title": "PUCL seeks independent probe into arrest of five persons in Alapuzha", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Peoples Union of Civil Liberties (PUCL) has asked the Chief Minister Oommen Chandy to institute an independent enquiry into the arrest of five persons from a lodge at Mavelikkara in Alapuzha district on December 29.In a letter PUCL Kerala general secretary Advocate P A Pouran said seven persons, including two minor girls, were 'illegally' taken into custody by the police while they were engaged in 'some political discussions'. Gopal, a scientist from Tamil Nadu , is among those arrested by the police.\"Now, it is reliably learnt that the five individuals are in judicial custody while the two minor girls are confined at the nearby Balabhavan. They have been booked under different sections of UAPA and section 120-A of IPC,\" Pouran said.He asked the chief minister to \"personally look into the matter, direct police officers of proven character and integrity to inquire into all that is transacted at the Mavelikkara police station on 29-12-2012, restore democratic way of administration in the state.\"It may be recalled that seven persons were taken into custody for their alleged Maoist connections. It is learnt that they assembled at the lodge to discuss the formation of a new revolutionary students' organisation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824694", "title": "Prepare for local body polls: Bapa to partymen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After challenging chief minister Narendra Modi in the recently-concluded assembly elections, Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) chief Keshubhai Patel appealed to party cadres on Sunday to gear up for upcoming polls to local bodies.\"In the assembly elections, though our party got an overwhelming acceptance, we couldn't infuse trust. Now it's our responsibility to convert this acceptance into votes,\" Patel told a gathering of party workers here.Thanking party workers for putting up a united fight in the polls, the former BJP veteran appealed to cadres to \"continue with this (enthusiasm) for Panchayat elections slated for next year.\"On the occasion, GPP member and former chief minister Suresh Mehta while giving details about the local body elections said, \"From February 2013, elections of 15 taluka panchayats, 77 nagar panchayats and 4,000 gram panchayats are coming up and we will have to convert our acceptance into votes in these elections.\"Analyzing the party's performance in assembly elections, Mehta claimed, \"Though GPP could win only two seats, it was instrumental in the defeat of 15 BJP and 8 Congress candidates.\"Keshubhai also called to review the performance of the party in the Assembly polls in which only two candidates, including Patel, won and the party got 3.02 per cent of total votes polled.The GPP president said, \"Bharatiya Janata Party was able to win only two seats in Lok Sabha even after 17 years of its formation. Moreover, Jan Sangh, which was formed in 1951, could manage to garner only 1.84 per cent of votes in Gujarat elections in 1967.\"\"Whereas, our party won two seats within four months of its inception,\" he said.A former BJP stalwart from the state, Patel parted ways with the party alleging the \"undemocratic\" style of functioning of chief minister Narendra Modi.Addressing party workers, GPP general secretary Gordhan Zadafia said, \"Today we all will have to be ready for another battle which is awaiting us and it's our responsibility to make people aware of current BJP government's corrupt practices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17824845", "title": "Mount Girnar mountaineering competition to start January 6", "text": "RAJKOT: Junagadh administration is gearing up to host the 28th state level Mount Girnar mountaineering competition scheduled for January 6. The event is jointly organized by the local administration and state government's sports, youth and cultural department.It has become a very popular event in the region as it tests the endurance and mountaineering skills of the youngsters while providing them lots of thrill.Junagadh district sports officer Nayan Thorat said that 1,046 entries have been received from different districts till now. \"The state level competition will be held in four categories for boys and girls in junior and senior categories. The junior category will be in the age group of 14 to 18 years and senior category will be from 19 to 35 years,\" he said. The entire event is video recorded for tabulation of results and it is also telecast live by local television channels.\"The participants in the senior and junior men's categories are expected to reach Ambaji Temple at a height of 3,600 feet by climbing 5,500 steps. For junior and senior girls the destination is Mali Parab which is to be reached by climbing 2,200 steps. While the boys and men are expected to complete the ascending and descending in two hours, for the females the time limit is 75 minutes,\" said Thorat. In order to promote the event, the administration will give a Girnar running trophy to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832630", "title": "Celebrating New Year's far away: Vivian Dsena", "text": "On the first day of the year, television celebrities talk about New Year.Vivian Dsena as RK from Madhubala: I am celebrating New Year's far far away from home this year! I am going for a holiday with my family and friends, so I'm sure it's going to be a lot of fun and I am really looking forward to it to bring in the year. Here's wishing all my well-wishers the Happiest New Year. Welcome the year with joy and high spirits!Siddharth Shukla as Shiv from Balika Vadhu: Every year, I make the same promise to myself, that I will try and spend as much time with my family as possible. This year I make it yet again, and hope with all my heart that I manage to fulfill it this time. Here's wishing all of you a happy, successful, prosperous and glorious New Year. May all your wishes and dreams come true.Deepika Samson as Simar from Sasural Simar Ka: The New Year is here, and with it, comes a lot of joy and prosperity. I wish to spend this year with the blessings of my well-wishers and supporters and I hope and pray that I can continue entertaining and inspiring my audiences in every way possible. May the joy, prosperity and happiness of this year illuminate your days in the year ahead.Shoaib Ibrahim as Prem from Sasural Simar Ka: The New Year is my most favorite time of the year because it means that I can bid goodbye to the old and welcome the new, forget the past and hope for forgiveness for all my mistakes and get the chance to start afresh. Here's to the New Year, and a new beginning. May this New Year bring many opportunities your way to explore every joy of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17826307", "title": "Democracy's direct pipeline", "text": "On Twitter, everyone can hear you scream. There is nothing more contagious than outrage, and nowhere is that outrage more visible than on social media. Over the last 18 months, social media has become a place for assembling opinion and directing anger. Whether it was the reaction against the voluntary suppression of the contents of the Radia tapes by media, or support for the Anna Hazare-led anti-corruption movement, the role of social media in creating a powerful pressure group that kept the momentum of public anger going was absolutely crucial.But it`s in the current protests against the horrific rape and tragic death of the young Delhi girl that the power of social media has moved up a decisive notch. For this is a movement without leaders, without any organized structure, and without any pre-determined plan. What we have been seeing in Delhi and across the country is the real thing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spontaneous protests by citizens who have had enough. An abdominal heave of a protest, one in which individual instinct discovered that was part of a collective feeling of being sickened to the core. In a civic sense, the ability to create such self-organising groups has rarely been in evidence in India; most mass protests have almost always been led by an interested party, including last year`s anti-corruption movement.Clearly, something fundamentally new is taking shape. Frustrated by political marginalization, and an indifferent and inefficient regime, the urban middle class is expressing itself directly in a way that has not been seen in quite this way before. The anger against the political establishment is fuelled by mainstream media whose character has undergone a dramatic change both in terms of nature of concerns and pitch. But by far the most important change has been the change in the growing influence of social media. Tired of being denied a voice, the increasingly assertive middle class has found, in social media a direct pipeline that for the first time makes them experience democracy in an everyday sense. So far, the act of voting once every few years was the only real sign that existed of this power, but this was largely an abstraction. One could by reading retrospective editorials that spoke glowingly of the `wisdom of the electorate` exult in one`s imagined power in voting out a regime, but on any specific issue, there was no recourse, not even an outlet unless you were the kind that wrote impassioned letters to the editor.Social media not only gives each individual a voice, it gives him a direct pipeline to people who matter. The sense of having an opinion that counts, of being able to reach out to the void beyond and find an echo in a kindred spirit, of being able to galvanise others and in turn be galvanised creates a new feeling of significance and belonging. Social media both individuates and aggregates. It makes the abstract real, the impersonal personal and the individual collective. The sense of being part of a growing and increasingly noisier crowd, of feeling the heat of one`s own passion and the gathering of strength from others like oneself, and the knowledge that the collective upsurge is visible to others, particularly those against whom the anger is directed is a potent and almost tactile experience of power. By the time the movement spills over into the streets, it already exists in a pre-cooked form in that there is already an assurance that many others feel the same way.While mainstream media can create a lot of ambient pressure, it does not give the same sense of participation; the individual here is not accorded any special importance, the invitation is to become an undifferentiated part of a crowd. Media creates a generalized sense of outrage without giving voice to a personal sense of anger. Also, as we witnessed in the current protests, media presence does not ensure coverage of everything that happens. It is social media that acts as an organism with a million tongues and twice as many eyes; the accounts we heard on social media about police brutality and the arrest of some young protestors was largely missed by traditional media. The individual gets recourse of a kind that is not guaranteed on traditional media; on social media someone is always listening.Of course, social media by its very nature acts as an amplifier of unfiltered emotions. It feeds on strong emotion and palpable action. The participating individual feels the need for some validation, for some proof that her involvement makes a difference and seeks immediate and often shallow action. Still in its early days, it has not yet developed mechanisms that allow for the regulation of opinion, providing the state with an excuse to intervene. The debate around Section 66A, and the continuous attempts by the government to tame social media point to the anxiety this vehicle arouses in the powerful. The debate is legitimate, and is by means over, for no instrument of expression comes without boundaries, but the presence of social media is by itself a powerful countervailing force against the attempts to control it. There is a new watchdog in town, and this one does much more than just watch. It can bite.(The writer is a social commentator)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17824634", "title": "Slow year ends for calendar industry", "text": "SIVAKASI: For the first time, the calendar industry in Sivakasi that dates back to 1938, stopped taking new orders by the first week of November, breaking their usual practice of accommodating last minute orders till the very end of December.The power crisis in the state has taken its toll on the industry that produces both daily sheet and monthly sheet calendars. Traditionally, November and December are the busiest months of the year for this industry. Every year, Sivakasi produces 3.5 crores daily sheet calendars for the Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry markets while monthly calendars are distributed across the country. The daily sheet calendars are also exported to Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and other countries where there is a Tamil Diaspora.But this year, the production hardly touched 3 crores, according to manufacturers. The manufacturers wanted to limit orders this year to safeguard their good will. \"We stopped taking orders from November because we knew that we could not guarantee delivery on time due to the unpredictable power scenario,\" said K Jaishankar of Karpaga Calendars one of the major calendar firms in town.Manufacturers estimate a 20 to 30% loss from the annual turnover of 50 crore. \"Even the bigger players could not depend entirely on generators due to the escalating production costs that jumped up to 20% this year and the labour,\" Jaishankar said. Retaining labourers also became a major concern for manufacturers due to the power crisis. \"If we have to manage with generators, we need to optimize the use of machineries and labour, which is not possible even under normal circumstances. The machines often stop working due to drastic variations in power supply,\" said a manufacturer.Industry players also say that 2012 was a sluggish year due to the poor monsoons. Being a complimentary product, the calendar, especially the day sheet calendar is normally given free of cost to customers by businesses. P Kamalakannan of Geetha Industries, another calendar manufacturer, said that the effects of the poor monsoons had cascaded to the trade and industry sector, reducing demand drastically.The calendar industry, which is part of the printing industry in Sivakasi, depends on outsourcing as a considerable part of the works, including binding, printing, and lamination are done by small firms that generally use a single machine and operator. \"Nearly 25% of them have closed down their units making it difficult to complete orders in time,\" said Jaishankar.There are not many innovations this year apart from Karpaga Calendars that has come out with a mega size daily sheet calendar 23 X 36 inches in size, said M Manohar, another calendar manufacturer in the area. \"We are just fighting to survive and we cannot afford to think about innovation right now,\" he said.Profile of Calendar industry in Sivakasi- The industry dates back to 1938 when the printing industry started flourishing to cater to the label printing needs of major industries like fire works and matches in Sivakasi- From two players, it has grown into an industry with a Rs 50cr turnover with 10 major players, 30 small and medium players and more than 100 players involved in assembling the calendars- There are more than 10,000 middlemen spread across the state who have their calendars manufactured in Sivakasi to distribute in other areas- Sivakasi alone accounts for 90 percent of the daily sheet calendar industry- The industry employs nearly 40 to 50 thousand labourers- It saw a major change in the year 2000 when it adopted new machines and technologies, leaving behind the old screen printing method void of special art and design- The power crisis and poor monsoons has decreased production by 20 to 30 percent while the cost has escalated by 20 percent when compared to last year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824510", "title": "Crane hits, injures two fishermen", "text": "CHENNAI: Two fishermen sustained injuries when a crane hit them while they were repairing their boats at Kasimedu fishing harbour on Sunday.Police identified the injured as Ravi, 40, and Sathya, 45, of Kasimedu. Police said earlier the fishermen and the workers, employed for dredging work, had a tiff.Police suspect that the crane operator may have deliberately hit them after the tussle. Realising that the two were injured, the crane operator fled from the scene. Angered by the incident, relatives of the fishermen and other fisherfolk rushed to the spot and demanded action to be taken against the crane operator. Tension prevailed in the area for some time.Earlier on December 3, a 45-year-old diver-cum-assistant crane operator died at Kasimedu fishing harbour after a crane overturned, crushing him underneath when he was tying ropes to a large beam that had fallen into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17831994", "title": "Kissing spreads a viral disease known as 'mono' disease: Study", "text": "NEW YORK: Deep kissing increases the risk of spreading a viral disease called 'mono' or \" kissing disease\", a new study has found.Researchers followed 546 college students in the US from freshman to senior year and found the only factor that increased the risk for catching mono was deep kissing.Symptoms of the \"kissing disease\" include sore throat, fatigue, headache , fever decreased appetite, and swollen tonsils.However, some people develop mono without showing symptoms, 'MyHealthNewsDaily' reported.The study by the University of Minnesota Medical School in Minneapolis, found the students who reported deep kissing were more likely to develop mono than those who did not kiss.Other factors, including the student's diet and amount of exercise and stress , failed to increase the risk, researchers said.Caused by the Epstein-Barr virus, mononucleosis or mono is spread through contact with an infected person's saliva. It can also be spread through coughing, sneezing or sharing food, but the disease is not as infectious as a cold virus, according to the Mayo Clinic.Researchers tested all the students' blood for antibodies against the Epstein-Barr virus. About 63 per cent of the students tested positive for the antibodies, meaning they had mono in the past.The remainder, 143 students, visited the university clinic every 8 weeks for an average of three years, to test if they had developed the illness.Doctors diagnosed 66 of the students with mono. Of these, 59 showed symptoms. Previously, it had not been clear how often people in this age group developed symptoms when they got mono.Students with mono were sick for an average of 17 days, but were capable of spreading the virus for much longer - about 5 months, the report said.The rate of infection was higher during freshman year (26 cases per 100 people) compared to the other three years (10 cases per 100 people per year).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17825133", "title": "Protests over Nirbhaya's death continue", "text": "VARANASI: Expressing grief over the death of Delhi rape victim, scores of students, activists and locals continued to silently protests and hold condolence meetings in various parts of the city on Sunday.Members of Purvanchal Mukti Yuva Morcha carried out a protest march from Lallapura to Bharat Mata temple. The members also offered prayers.Different groups carried out candle light marches in various areas.Vishal Bharat Sansthan (VBS) began a 15-day workshop on Sunday to survey the violence against women in the city.Women, students and other citizens will participate in workshop and spread awareness about laws and punishments related to crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825525", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's budget approval delayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The approval of the budget proposals for Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's (GHMC) 2013-14 financial year hangs in the air as Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) continue to lock horns over convening of the council meeting.The GHMC's Rs 3,800-crore budget proposals were cleared by the standing committee at its meeting on December 13. A special meeting of the council should have been convened by now for approving the same. At the meeting, the corporators of all the parties are supposed to discuss the budget proposals and make suggestions, if any, which might be incorporated into the proposals before sending it to the government.As per the GHMC Act, the council should approve budget proposals before January 10 and it should be sent to the state government before February 20. Usually, a special meeting is conducted for approving the budget proposals and incorporate suggestions and opinions from corporators. As the meeting is being delayed, GHMC officials are planning to circulate copies of the budget proposal to all corporators and ex-officio members in a week's time and get it cleared in the council later.Though the parties, especially the BJP, is pressing for the meeting, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain, who belongs to MIM party, has not taken any decision.and appears to be reluctant to convene the council meetingBJP claims the meeting was being delayed to stop their party candidate from Langar Houz, C Uday Kumar from being sworn in as the corporator in place of B Ravi Kumar. The AP high court had disqualified Ravi Kumar's election on the grounds of having three children. Ravi Kumar has reportedly approached the Supreme Court.\"As per the Act, a new member should be administered oath during the council meeting. To thwart the process, the MIM is not convening the meeting,\" BJP floor leader Bangari Prakash said. The party had even staged protests and dharnas in the last two weeks. Apart from the special meeting for approving the budget, the GHMC's general council meeting to discuss issues pertaining to the city has not been held for the past six months. Telugu Desam Party has been demanding the general meeting for the past three months to discuss general issues and problems in the city. In fact, a couple of weeks ago, the TDP had given a letter with signatures of corporators to GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu to take steps for holding council meeting as per the Act.Interestingly, the Congress, which was an ally of MIM till recently, is tight lipped over the issue. The party, which has eight standing committee members, could give a notice with signatures of at least four standing committee members insisting on holding the meeting which would make the meeting imminent. However, the deputy mayor belonging to the Congress and the party corporators are silent about the general council or special meeting.Despite repeated attempts to contact him, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825778", "title": "UN body to kindle Didi's London dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government's effort to develop tourism in the state is set to get tailwind with a team from the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) slated to fly in to chalk out a tourism roadmap for Bengal.According to government officials, experts from UNWTO, which has its headquarters in Spain, was earlier invited by the government to come and prepare a masterplan to develop West Bengal as a major tourist attraction. \"The organization has responded to the letter. The team is expected to come in January. They will bring out a tourism roadmap for the state,\" said tourism department secretary Vikram Sen.According to government officials, the state has all the required ingredients - from the mangrove forest in the Sunderbans to the hills of Darjeeling and historical places like Murshidabad - to make it a major tourist destination of the country, but the prospects have not been properly tapped so far. The UNWTO team will discuss all these matters and may visit some of the places to come up with a plan to maximize the state's potential.The CM has been stressing to promote and develop tourism in the state by setting up eco-friendly projects. Already, the Digha Shankarpur Development Authority has started working on developing the beaches of Digha, Shankarpur, Mandarmani and Tajpur as attractive destinations. A slew of new measures, including introduction of water sports, ropeway and coffee shops, has already been taken. The government has also started a beach festival in Digha to attract more tourists.The government is also stressing on developing micro- and small-scale industry in the state in a bid to provide a fillip to eco-tourism. \"Several urban and rural huts are being set up where handicrafts products will be sold by artisans. These places could be developed as tourist spots by showcasing its tradition, history and cultural values,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828952", "title": "I have several mentors in the industry: Kamal Haasan", "text": "Actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan feels that he has had not one but several mentors who've inspired him over the years.\"Even though I consider K. Balachander as my first mentor, but over the years I've had so many mentors such as Balu Mahendra, P. Bharathiraja, Ramesh Sippy and Dasari Narayana Rao, who have always inspired me with their work,\" he told reporters at the audio launch of Telugu version of \"Vishwaroopam\" here Sunday.\"I screened the first copy of my film (Vishwaroopam) to my mentors recently. Unfortunately, Dasari sir and Balu Mahendra sir couldn't attend it due to other commitments, but the overwhelming feedback I've received from KB sir and Bharathiraja was very satisfying.\"\"Vishwaroopam\", a Tamil-Hindi bilingual action-thriller is written, directed and produced by Kamal and he himself is playing the lead. It also stars Pooja Kumar, Andrea Jeremiah, Rahul Bose and Shekhar Kapur in important roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825505", "title": "Petition against civic body over tax", "text": "AURANGABAD: The power franchise, GTL Limited has filed a petition with the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) against the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation's (AMC) move of levying local body tax on power supplied to the residents.AMC had demanded two per cent Local Body Tax (LBT) on power distributed to the consumers within its jurisdiction. The civic body argued that the power distributed within the city limits came under the ambit of LBT. However, GTL observed that the process of tax calculation on power supplied to consumers was erroneous, which did not take into consideration the distribution losses.The matter is subjudised in the Aurangabad Bench of Bombay High Court. The court had recently ordered the power franchise GTL Limited to pay Rs 1.25 crore to AMC against the outstanding payment of local body tax (LBT) payable to the civic body. The court has ordered the power franchise to pay the amount within four weeks from the day of the issue ordered.The franchise had not paid the outstanding amount for the past nine months. GTL Limited (GTL) has been appointed by MSEDCL as a distribution franchise in the city for 15 years.The citizens will have to bear the extra financial expenditure, said a press statement issued by the power utility company.It is MERC which decides the rates that are to be implemented. The rates to purchase the electricity and other administrative costs are considered while hiking the rates.A population of more than two lakh consumers will have to bear the increased rates in electricity which is estimated to be around Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17824051", "title": "My death would have avoided Mohun Bagan ban: Syed Rahim Nabi", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the AIFF imposed a two-year I-League ban on Mohun Bagan, Syed Rahim Nabi, who was injured by a stone thrown from the stands during the ill-fated Kolkata derby at the Salt Lake Stadium on December 9, jumped to the club's defence.In an open letter written in Bengali and bearing his signature, the Bagan midfielder says, \"Like countless sports lovers, the ban on Mohun Bagan has left me devastated, too. My injury was one of the reasons behind Mohun Bagan's decision to not continue (in the second half of the derby). Mohun Bagan were forced to take such a strong decision keeping in mind the safety of players and fans.\"Had the game continued in the second half, spectators or players could have sustained more serious injuries. While supporting the club's decision (not to continue) that day, I would like to state that Mohun Bagan wouldn't have faced such severe punishment had I died that day. Had the missile thrown from the stands hit me somewhere else, I am told it could have been fatal.\"Had I died, my teammates wouldn't have been deprived of playing in the I-League. I don't know how to get out of this mental trauma. I'm left wondering whether my death would have saved the club as well as my teammates from this punishment.\" The letter was forwarded as an attachment via an e-mail sent from the club's mail ID. Nabi later confirmed to TOI that he had written the letter \"under the circumstances\" but refused to clarify the same.Nabi's emotional letter is being seen as Bagan's first step towards an appeal for review of the ban before the AIFF's executive committee.Using Nabi to prepare the ground for the appeal makes sense because the midfielder is not only a Team India regular but was recently received the AIFF Player of the Year award. Bagan are therefore likely to enclose Nabi's letter along with their formal appeal to the AIFF.Much as one admires Nabi's loyalty towards his club, it is hard to see the AIFF bosses being impressed with Bagan's latest ploy to wriggle out of the mess that has been the club's own making.Nabi's contention that the security situation at the ground was not good enough for play to resume has already been rejected by the one man commission of Justice (retired) AK Ganguly, who was appointed by the AIFF to go into the details of the events that had led to the abandonment of the Kolkata derby.The question being asked is will the AIFF be able to stick to its decision in face of the mounting pressure from Bagan to review the ban that is suddenly being perceived as \"too harsh\".Mohun Bagan officials are hoping that federation supremo Praful Patel will take a more sympathetic view of the issue. Under AIFF rules, the president has the power to review or revise any decision \"under extraordinary circumstances.\"Patel had skipped the I-League committee meeting in Delhi on Saturday, but it's unlikely that he was kept out of the loop.A section of the AIFF is confident that there will be no change in the federation's stand on the ban issue. They argued that the AIFF would be made to look silly if it suddenly softens its stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17826410", "title": "Crematoriums set for modernization", "text": "KOCHI: With the availability of wood posing a major problem, many crematoriums in and around the city are set to be modernized with the help of Rotary clubs.The local bodies, which run these crematoriums, have already initiated steps and submitted plans for the same. The Thrikkakara municipality's Rs 3-crore project and the Kochi corporation's Rs 50-lakh plan for modernizing the Ravipuram crematorium will be done in association with the Rotary club. The crematorium at Pachalam within city limits will receive MLA fund for renovation.The Kalamassery municipality has, meanwhile, earmarked Rs 1.5 crore for the modernization project.Other than the above-mentioned crematoriums, the ones at Kalamassery and Maradu will be revamped by respective local bodies. The foundation stone for the modernization of the crematorium in Kalamassery will be laid in January next year.Though the corporation had earlier converted Ravipuram crematorium to an electric crematorium, the local body is now planning to set up a gas-based crematorium. \"We visited several gas-based crematoriums and are now planning to install such systems in Ravipuram and Pachalam,\" said K J Sohan, town planning committee chairman, Kochi corporation.The crematorium in Thrikkakara is coming up at a cost of Rs 3 crore, according to the local body. It will have facilities such as a community hall and parking area. \"In our municipality, there are a quite a few apartments and many who live in these flats do not have facilities for keeping dead bodies. The modernization has been planned keeping this in view,\" said, P A Muhammedali, chairman, Thrikkakara municipality. The local body is hoping to complete the work by March next year.\"We have already signed an agreement for the modernization of crematorium, which is coming up at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore. It will be a gas-based one with two machines,\" said T S Aboobacker, health standing committee chairman, Kalamassery municipality.Meanwhile, Maradu municipality is planning to approach the district development committee (DDC) for the modernization of Shantivanam crematorium.\"We have already prepared a plan for setting up an electric crematorium in place of the existing one. Apart from the difficulty in getting firewood, we cannot find people to operate it,\" said T K Devarajan, chairman, Maradu municipality. On an average, 50 bodies are cremated every month at the crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824278", "title": "Get ready for another power shocker", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are sweating over power bills this winter, get ready to sweat more. State-run Mahagenco has told Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) that the generation cost in 2013-14 will increase by over 30% due to various reasons. This obviously will lead to a sharp increase in tariff.A Mahagenco official told TOI on the condition of anonymity that the Commission had approved an average generation cost of Rs 3.15 per unit for 2012-13. \"However, for 2013-14 the company has estimated that the cost of four units will be in the range of Rs 3.40 to Rs 4.15 per unit while for the remaining 13, the range is Rs 4.46 to Rs 5.52 per unit. We are getting very bad quality coal and the quantity too is inadequate. Coal gets wet during rains. Many plants face water shortage. These factors push up the cost. We are thinking of buying imported coal to bridge the gap. This will also increase the cost,\" he said.Mahagenco admitted that the plant load factor (PLF) of its units - a measure of their efficiency - was 15% less than the target on an average during the period April 2009 to November 2012. The company pointed out to the Commission that it was in dire financial straits due to non-payment of dues by MSEDCL. The arrears by MSEDCL have increased to Rs 4,500 crore. This was affecting its functioning.MERC expressed its annoyance over conduct of MSEDCL and has directed Mahagenco to supply only on letter of credit and maintain financial discipline.Consumer activist Pratap Hogade has slammed Mahagenco for its inefficiency and questioned its estimates of generation cost. Hogade told TOI, \"private companies are selling power at Rs 4 per unit in the market. Why Mahagenco can't do it? Private players too face the same constraints as this company. Why should consumers pay for Mahagenco's inefficiency,\" he asked.\"Not only Mahagenco's power is costlier, its generation efficiency is lower and consequently MSEDCL buys power from private players to bridge the gap. PLF of plants of Tata, Jindal, etc is between 85% and 90%. Reliance' Dahanu plant has been operating at 105% since years. The national PLF average for coal-fired units is 73% but PLF of Mahagenco units are between 55% and 60%,\" Hogade pointed out.He demanded that the state government should take the non-performance of Mahagenco seriously and fix responsibility on officials. \"If they are not able to meet the standards, strict action should be taken,\" he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17826012", "title": "Cops in plain clothes to visit colleges to curb molestation", "text": "PUNE: The Delhi gangrape and death of the victim Nirbhaya has forced, the Pune police to take a series of measures for protecting women. On Saturday, police commissioner Gulabrao Pol issued instructions to all police stations to pay surprise visits to colleges in their respective areas in plain clothes to control offences like eve teasing.Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge of the social security cell of crime branch, Pune said men and women policemen in plain clothes will conduct patrolling in colleges during peak hours and will take action against mischief mongers found creating trouble in the college premises.According to Barge, policemen will conduct surprise inspections at colleges and all possible measures will be taken to ensure that outsiders do not throng college premises.Barge said, \"We have identified eve teasing spots in some colleges and instructions have been issued to 33 police stations to intensify patrolling and maintain vigilance as a preventive measure at these places.\"He said that policemen will also make it a point to visit crowded places like railway stations, bus stands and gardens among others and will take steps to control crimes against women like eve-teasing, chain snatching and molestation by identifying and taking action against the offenders.\"We also will rope in students from the NSS and non-governmental organizations for assisting the police for providing protection to women and others visiting public places. They will feel safe and secure if the presence of policemen is increased,\" he added.He said that on the New Year's eve policemen will be at hotels and permit rooms where liquor is sold. The establishments will face action if they are found selling liquor and giving entry to boys and girls below 21 years.Police will check licences of establishments and instruct them to give entry to its members only. They have been warned not to sell passes or tickets to private persons for participating in new year parties or other programmes. The series of measures were planned to tackle eve teasing at these places, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17826211", "title": "'We have fared pretty well in keeping crime under control'", "text": "Deputy Commissioner of Police, Zone I, Sahebrao Patil, talks to Santosh Sonawane about the crime rate in the areas under his jurisdiction and the measures taken to control body and property offences.Why do thefts, house break-ins, chain snatchings and vehicle thefts continue unabated?Crime is bound to happen in urban areas. However, what is important is how the police are working to keep them under control. Over the past one year, we have fared pretty well. Robberies are down by 42%, chain snatchings are down by 70%, house break-ins are down by 29% and the general trend of thefts is also down by 64% in our jurisdiction, this year. This has become largely possible due to the operations and drives conducted across the city.What about vehicle thefts?This year vehicle thefts have also come down by 44% and the detection rate has also improved. Regular combing operations have deterred criminals from indulging in vehicle thefts. We have also put up fixed points in various areas where vehicles and their documents are checked frequently. This has brought down crime.Don't you think theft of 305 vehicles is still a big figure in your jurisdiction?It does seem a big figure, but we have also managed to bring down the theft by as many as 236 vehicles compared to last year.Why do certain pockets see more incidences of vehicle thefts?Burglars commit crime in areas that are convenient for them. For instance there are 67 government departments in the jurisdiction of the Sarkarwada police station apart from hundreds of commercial establishments including the jewellery market, the Dongre Vasti Griha grounds on which exhibitions and other events are being held. Thus the flow of people visiting these offices is also huge. They park their vehicles wherever they find convenient. Opportunistic criminals are bound to strike in such situations.When the police are aware of such things, why not take preventive steps?Preventive steps are taken continuously. But one should also realise that in 99% of the complaints that we recieve about vehicle thefts, the vehicle owners have often left their ignition keys plugged into the two-wheeler without putting the handle lock. Contributory negligence plays a big role.Property offences are lesser in the Bhadrakali area compared to other places, but still it is a communally sensitive area. How do you manage to keep the area under control?Though we do not have extra bandobast in the area, we are constantly in touch with the local leaders of different communities and ensure that the sensitive pockets like Azad Chowk, Nanawali, Shivaji Chowk, Bagwanpura, etc are constantly under vigil. However, we have to maintain extra precautions, when a reaction is likely to surface on a national or state-level development.What about Panchavati, which is considered to be the hot-bed of criminals?The continuous combing operations and other preventive measures by us have flushed out most of the criminals from this area. Incidences of robberies have come down. With regard to the traffic issue, the joint action by the police with the traffic department has seen that most of the people now park their vehicles in the pay and park areas. Beggars, who used to trouble tourists, have also been controlled. The interaction by the city police with citizens under the direction of commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal in areas like Mahatma Phule Nagar, Vajreshwari Slum, Navnath Nagar has seen people reporting every small development. Earlier, there were quite a few instances of abductions in the market yard area. Strong action against the abductors has controlled such incidences.The police are asking shopkeepers to shut down their establishments by 10 pm. But hotels, liquor shops are open. Recently there was also an incident of firing in the air in the Gangapur Road area. What are the police doing?The police reached the spot of the firing within minutes and the people were taken into custody. While our effort is to see that all shops are closed by 10 pm to ensure law and order, liquor shops and hotels etc are allowed to operate till 11.30 pm and even further as per government order. Hence we cannot force them to close their establishments before time. Nonetheless, to see that crime under the influence of alcohol is under control, we are planning to make anti-drunk driving initiative a regular exercise.What steps are being taken to curb the large number of economic offences being committed?We can not direct people on where they should invest their money. We conduct meetings with residents in various residential areas and slums to spread awareness about incidences of chain snatching, house break-ins, conmen posing as policemen, etc. Henceforth, we would also be asking the citizens to be more vigilant in investing money in schemes that promise huge returns, which technically seem impossible.Are there any externments planned in your jurisdiction?We have externed 24 people and the process of externing 22 more is in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829265", "title": "Salman felt at home with Dabangg 2", "text": "Salman Khan has worked with many directors and producers, but claims home production to be the comfortable way of making a film.Salman claimed that home production is an amazing experience to work. \"It was nice atmosphere on the sets of Dabangg 2 . Its home production so it was amazing. We were making a movie and if we would have made the film with other's money then it would have been a big task. If we didn't like something during the shoot, we could have reworked on it,\" explained the actor.According to sources, Dabangg makers are planning for Dabangg 3 , but it will be flashback of the original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17824086", "title": "2012: The best of times, the worst of times", "text": "GUWAHATI: The year past was a mixed one for the state. While on one hand Assam was put to national shame because of the G S Road mob molestation of a young girl and witnessed killings and displacement of a huge number of people in the prolonged ethnic riots in Bodoland, on the other, it witnessed a decline in insurgency, hosted the flag down ceremony of the Asean-India Car Rally and won laurels in sports, culture and cinema.The outraging of the modesty of a girl at G S Road in July tarnished the image of the state as the entire nation condemned the incident. Though all the accused were tried in a fast-track court, the incident put the focus on the lack of adequate safety for women in the state.Statistics revealed by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) corroborated the fact that crimes against women are rising in the state. After Tripura, Assam was reported to have the second highest rate of crime against women in the country in 2011 - 36.9 per cent.The ethnic violence between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Bodoland was another blot on Assam in 2012. Nearly 100 people were killed in the clashes. The riots resulted in the highest number of internally displaced people in the country in the post Independence period - about 4.85 lakh. Even as the year ends, many are languishing in relief camps, still afraid to return to their villages.The BTAD conflict also had country-wide repercussions. It triggered a reverse exodus of people from the northeast working in Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai, who rushed back to the region in the face of rumoured threats to their safety.This year, the weather gods were very unkind. Assam experienced one of the worst floods in the past eight years, leaving over 100 dead and displacing over 30 lakh from their homes. Agriculture, the mainstay for almost 80 per cent of the state's population, suffered the most.The state's pride Kaziranga National Park too bore the brunt of the floods. The prak lost nearly 700 animals including rhinos when floodwaters of the Brahmaputra engulfed 80 per cent of its 430 sq km area. The floods also left Kaziranga rhinos vulnerable to poaching. At least 13 rhinos were killed for their horns by poachers as the floods damaged anti-poaching infrastructure and made large parts of the park inaccessible for patrolling.Assam also suffered the worst boat tragedy in 2012. A passenger-packed ferry capsized after being caught in a storm on Brahmaputra, killing many.The state also faced the scourge of dengue deaths with nine people succumbing to the disease. There were 820 suspected dengue cases of which 583 were Elisa positive.The year also brought its share of positive developments for the state to take pride in. 2012 started on a good note with the highest number of militants ever surrendering their arms. Over 1,600 cadres of nine armed outfits - Kuki Revolutionary Army, United Kukigram Defence Army, Hmar People's Convention (D), Kuki Liberation Army, Adivasi Cobra Military of Assam, Birsa Commando Force, Santhal Tiger Force, All Adivasi National Liberation Army and Adivasi People's Army - laid down their arms in the presence of then Union home minister P Chidambaram.Besides, in October, the Centre and state government signed a memorandum of settlement (MoS) with both the factions of the Dima Halim Daogah - the Dilip Nunisa faction (DHD-N) and the Jewel Garlosa faction (DHD-J). These agreements came eight years after the signing of a ceasefire agreement with the undivided DHD.Assam made progress in the field of sports with boxing sensation Shiva Thapa becoming the first boxer from the state to be part of the London Olympic. However, the debut bout of the 56-kg Thapa ended in disappointment as he lost to his Mexican rival, Oscar Valdez Fierro.The state won the 34th Sub-junior (under-16) National Football Championship for the Mir Iqbal Hussain Trophy for the first time in 30 years when they defeated Chandigarh 2-0 in the final.Another moment of pride was when Assam hosted the flag down ceremony of the Asean-India Car Rally, which was flagged off from Indonesian city Yogyakarta. The ceremony brought many diplomats and business representatives from Southeast Asia to Guwahati. The event went down as an acknowledgement of Guwahati as the economic gateway for future trade between India and Asean.People of the state won laurels in culture and cinema as well. Goalpara boy Adil Hussain made an entry into both Bollywood and Holywood in 2012. Hussain acted in 'Agent Vinod' and in 'English Vinglish'. 'Life of Pi' and 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' were the two Hollywood films in which he acted. Meanwhile, international award-winning director Jahnu Baruah made his first film after four years - 'Bandhon', based on 26/11 Mumbai attacks.In the literary arena, Chandana Goswami won the Sahitya Akademi Award for her debut Assamese novel, 'Patkair Ipari Mor Desh'. Ganeshwar Mushahary also won an Akademi Award for his poems 'Boro Khonthai' in Bodo. Uday Thulung bagged an Akademi for his Nepali short stories, 'Ekant Avas'.Kulinam Ojha bagged the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for folk dance form Ojapali. A group of 17 differently-abled children of Sishu Sarothi won accolades from the National School of Drama for their play 'Buddhuram'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824742", "title": "'Masti' marks Patliputra school alumni meet", "text": "PATNA: The good old school days were reminisced as former students of Sir G D Patliputra High School caught up with their friends and batch-mates at the alumni meet of Patliputra Old Boys Association (POBA) here on Sunday evening.Not even the winter chill could mar their spirit as they animatedly discussed their school life, better halves, kids and workplaces.The ex-students had turned up with their family members at the annual event and shared light moments over dinner. While a 'Mickey Mouse' play was organized for the kids, magic show, music and dance competition and cultural programmes entertained one and all. It was the silver jubilee year of the 1987 batch and golden jubilee year of the 1962 batch.Some of the prominent alumni of POBA include Justice Ravi Ranjan of Patna high court, Atul Prasad, principal secretary, cooperative department, Anand Kumar, regional passport officer, Abhay Kumar, director, Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, S D Sanjay, additional advocate general among others.Earlier this month, the website of Patliputra Old Boys Association (POBA), www.poba.in, was also launched by Justice Ravi Ranjan.New Era High School : Striking models of 'Hawa Mahal', 'Twin Towers' and 'Moti Mahal', glass and fabric paintings and embroidery works were put on display by the students of New Era High School, Didarganj, Patna, at their arts and crafts exhibition organized on the school campus on Sunday.MP Ram Kripal Yadav was the chief guest on the occasion. He underlined the importance of organizing such events to bring out the latent creative talent of children. Game and food stalls had also been put up by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17818007", "title": "Vishal Bhardwaj takes over 'Oye Boy' choreography", "text": "In her long and illustrious career, this must be the first occasion when choreographer Saroj Khan's work has been scrapped. Filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj chose to choreograph the entire song \"Oye Boy Charlie\" again after he felt that the moves given by Khan didn't go well with the mood of the song.The song features Imran Khan , Anushka Sharma , Pankaj Kapoor and Aarya Babbar. After Khan completed the choreography, Bhardwaj realised it was not what he wanted.\"Vishal has the greatest regard for Saroj Khanji. Who doesn't? To have her choreograph the Charlie song was a dream come true for Vishal. And to her credit she did a brilliant job of it. But finally what Sarojji did with the song was not what Vishal wanted,\" said a source.\"The director had envisaged an air of unrehearsed spontaneity in the movements. The characters in the 'Charlie' song shouldn't look like they knew their dance steps from before. To get that spirit of on-the-spot improvisation into the choreography, Vishal had to reluctantly re-do the entire choreography of the song,\" the source added.However, Imran and Anushka, both extremely busy actors, readily accommodated the second round of choreography for the song.Apparently, there was a certain amount of all-round trepidation and misgiving about doing away with the veteran choreographer's efforts.\"Vishal, Imran and Anushka felt sorry about dancing to the 'Charlie' song again, more so since Sarojji's choreography was, as usual, brilliant. But they all felt it wasn't what was required,\" said a source.Bhardwaj revealed that he did indeed do the choreography of the 'Oye Boy Charlie' number.\"Something inside me told me I should,\" said Vishal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826348", "title": "Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation suspends bus crew; report after 4 months", "text": "BANGALORE: BMTC has suspended both the driver and conductor of the BMTC Volvo bus who allegedly manhandled and molested two Bhutanese girls in front of Tin Factory bus stand, K R Puram on Wednesday morning.\"Based on the preliminary investigation report, it seems the duo forced one of the girls into the deserted bus and molested her and hence their suspension. An enquiry has been initiated against both of them and will take four to five months. Depending on the enquiry findings, the quantum of the punishment will be decided,\" confirmed Anjum Parvez, managing director of BMTC.He said the severity of the punishment could go up to removal from service also. The enquiry will be conducted by BMTC's vigilance team headed by Bikram Kumar Singh, director, security and vigilance, BMTC.The preliminary investigation took into consideration the versions of the girls, the driver, conductor and co-passengers. The co-passengers have a version that contradicts the girls' complaint and the enquiry will now look into this too.The girls are sisters working in a real estate company in Devara Beesanahalli, Outer Ring Road. They were unavailable for comment on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824330", "title": "India's seasoned stars and young turks who made a mark in 2012", "text": "MC Mary KomIt was a bronze that shone brighter than gold. MC Mary Kom's feat in the London Games was the outcome of years of hard work, dedication, determination and single-minded focus. It's easy to feel contended after winning as many as five World Championship gold, besides several international medals and glory. But this was not the case for this mother of two from Manipur. She is, after all, the stuff legends are made of.Sushil KumarWrestler Sushil Kumar became the first Indian to win back-to-back individual medals in the Olympic Games, claiming a silver in the 66kg freestyle category in London to go with the bronze he had won in Beijing. The Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna recipient struggled with injuries and disappointments in the lead up to the Olympics. He finally qualified by beating Beijing Games bronze medallist Tushishvili Otar 3-0 and clinched gold at the World qualifying tournament in Taiyuan (China) in April 2012. India's flag-bearer at the opening ceremony, Sushil entered the final beating Kazakhastan's Akzhurek Tanatarov in the semifinal. In the final, though, he proved no match for Tatsuhiro Yonemitsu of Japan, especially since he was suffering from a stomach bug.Vijay KumarThe armyman's rise to fame is like a fairytale. A Subedar Major in the Dogra Regiment (16th Battalion) of the Indian Army, Kumar became the fourth Indian shooter to win a medal in Olympics after Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore , Abhinav Bindra and Gagan Narang. Written off after failing to qualify for the men's 10 m air pistol finals after finishing 31st, Kumar came back spectacularly to claim silver in the 25m rapid fire pistol event. Following his exploits Kumar rose in world rankings, finishing the year at the No. 2 spot behind top-ranked Pupo Leuris, who won the gold in London.Saina NehwalThe golden girl of Indian badminton turned 2012 into a landmark year when she won a bronze medal at the London Olympics. The ace shuttler also clinched two Grand Prix Gold titles - the Swiss Open and the Thailand Open - and two Super Series crowns in Indonesia and Denmark, besides reaching the final of the French Open. In spite of a nagging knee injury she ended the year as World No. 3.Yogeshwar DuttThe unassuming Haryanvi gave India a fifth medal at the London Games when he claimed a bronze in the men's freestyle wrestling (60 kg). Yogeshwar's ticket to London came via a silver picked up at an Asian qualification tournament in Astana, Kazakhstan. In London, Yogeshwar lost to Russia's B Kudukhov and was knocked out from the pre-quarterfinals. He got a chance to contest in the repechage rounds as Kudukhov reached the final.Sachin TendulkarA tally of 357 runs in 9 Test matches, at an average of 23.8, to go with 315 runs in 10 ODIs @ 31.5 are figures which are anything but Tendulkar-esque. But those are, actually, Sachin Tendulkar's returns from international cricket in 2012. Yet, 2012 will stand out in Tendulkar's 23-year career because it was on March 16 this year that he became the first cricketer to scale 'Mount Hundred' by completing a 'century' of international centuries (51 in Tests + 49 in ODIs) in an Asia Cup match versus Bangladesh at the Sher-e-Bangla Stadium in Mirpur, Dhaka. Like most of his other batting records, this one too may never be matched.Viswanathan AnandWhen India's first Grandmaster mastered challenger Boris Gelfand in a four-game tie-break following a 6-6 deadlock in the best-of-12 finale in Moscow , he became a five-time winner of the World Chess Championship. It was Gelfand, the underdog, who drew first blood, winning Game 7 after six consecutive draws. The 43-year-old Anand showed his class and character by hitting right back, claiming Game 8 in only17 moves.Dipika PallikalThe 2012 Arjuna Award recipient ended the year on a high when she became the first Indian woman squash player to enter the top ten in world rankings in December. The Chennai-based pro started the year with a bang, entering the title-round of the Tournament of Champions in January. It was another first by Dipika, who finished second best. In August, the 21-year-old again came up with a breakthrough performance, reaching the semifinals of the Australian Open. Dipika also spearheaded India's challenge at the 2012 Women's Team Championship, where her team finished fifth.Youngsters to watch out forUnmukt Chand (Cricket)Just like MS Dhoni had played a captain's innings to pilot the senior Indian team to World Cup glory in 2011, young Unmukt led from the front to help the Indian colts conquer Australia in their own den and lift the Under-19 World Cup for the third time. The Indians were reduced to 97/4 in pursuit of 226, before opener Unmukt (111*) and Smit Patel (62*) stitched together an unbeaten 130-run stand to guide the team home with 14 balls to spare.PV Sindhu (Badminton)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17832246", "title": "Minor molested in Delhi bus was earlier raped by stepbrother", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh facts have emerged in the case of a minor girl molested in a bus here with police arresting her teenaged brother for allegedly raping her six months ago and molesting her thereafter.The tragic story unfolded yesterday after the 16-year-old girl recorded her statement with police.Her brother Nazakkat Ali (19) was arrested following her complaint.The girl was molested on Saturday night allegedly by a conductor when she had run away from her house following harassment by her family. The conductor Ranjit Singh was arrested in connection with the case, which comes close on the heels of the brutal gang rape of a girl in a moving bus in south Delhi.Police went to her house in west Delhi's Khyala yesterday to record her statement during which she told investigators about her ordeal.A senior police official said her father had married thrice and they were living with his third wife. She claimed that there were problems in the family.\"She also told us that her brother had raped her six months ago and was molesting her thereafter. We have arrested the boy,\" the official said.On Saturday night, the girl had left her house at around 9:30 pm and when the bus reached Mandi House at around 11 pm, police personnel noticed the girl inside the bus alone crying.A case of kidnapping was found registered about her at Khyala police station after her family approached police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17825157", "title": "Varanasi chills as mercury dips to 3.8 degrees", "text": "VARANASI: With minimum temperature recorded at 3.8 degrees celsius, Sunday turned out to be the coldest day of the season so far.According to MET office , temperature declined by 1.6 degrees in one day as on Saturday minimum temperature recorded was 5.4 degrees celsius.Meanwhile, cold waves continued to tighten its grip in the entire region. Dense fog enveloped the rural and urban belts since Saturday evening.Despite good sunshine during day time on Sunday, that gave people an opportunity to bask in the sunshine at ghats and outdoors, there was no respite from cold and chilly conditions later in the evening.Denizens preferred to remain indoors and many market places looked deserted in the evening.Even as cold conditions have worsened the situation, many destitute and homeless people were found sitting on ghats and road sides.While Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) is arranging bonfires at around 185 places, many social organisations and NGOs are also lighting bonfires and operating night shelters in various areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824407", "title": "Curbs eased for 31st, party on till 2 am", "text": "CHENNAI: The city can party late to ring in the New Year, with police saying they will allow hotels, clubs and resorts to stop serving liquor only at 2am.Police officers said they will have foolproof security in place but warned people against drunken driving in a clear sign that road safety remained a concern, especially on seafront stretches like East Coast Road, where many restaurants, resorts and hotels are hosting New Year's Eve parties.\"The food and liquor service (licensed) at hotels and restaurants shall be closed by 2 am. The timings should be strictly adhered to,\" a release from police commissioner S George's office said.The Chennai police will be out in force on Monday night to prevent untoward incidents that may mar the party spirit. Police will crack down on drunken driving, book drivers and confiscate vehicles. Strict action will be taken against speeding two wheelers and cars.Police said they are doing everything to prevent a repeat of last year, when a 22-year-old engineering student from Erode who came to the city for a party drowned off Marina. The release warned people not to get into the sea or on boats during New Year celebrations on beaches. They instructed hotels to check vehicles, install security cameras at entry and exit points, and maintain a record of vehicles entering the premises.Hotels will be allowed to organise parties only in halls and require certification from the police, public works and fire departments to set up temporary structures. Police asked hotels not to erect structures over or near swimming pools, which they said should be cordoned off.Police said hotels would be responsible for not allowing people who are drunk to drive home. \"Vehicles should not be parked on roads and the hotel will be responsible for violations,\" the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825338", "title": "Security tightened at hotels, malls for New Year", "text": "KANPUR: In view of the Delhi rape incident, security concerns of female revellers have been haunting restaurant, hotel, food-joint and shopping mall owners besides event organizers in the city, and they have decided to beef up security at their establishments to instill a sense of confidence among the woman party-goers.A posh hotel on Mall road, which is expecting a good crowd on December 31 has hired four bouncers and 15 female security guards from a prominent security group. \"Though our customers are limited, we are not going to take any chances and are organising a lot more security than usual to avoid any trouble,\" said Avinash, manager of the hotel.Several mall and multiplex managements have also tightened security for New Year celebrations.\"We've put in place CCTV cameras and the footage of the offenders would be made available to the police,\" said Kishan Singh, owner of a security firm.Several clubs across the city and on highways will also be taking special security measures. A club's promotions and public relations officer said that in addition to the security guards stationed in and around the club premises, female security personnel have also been hired.The city police are also trying their best to ensure peaceful celebrations.A high alert high alert has been sounded and special security arrangements have been made to check rash and drunken driving.More than 3000 police personnel, including traffic cops and several companies of PAC and para-military personnel are being deployed in the city to ensure peaceful New Year celebrations.According to the police, officers of the rank of sub-inspector and a large number of head constables and constables will patrol prominent areas from 6 pm onwards.In addition, traffic policemen will be deployed at prominent junctions with gadgets to check rash and drunken driving. Deployment of Provincial Arms Constabulary jawans and Para-military personnel, and police teams comprising of women constables will also be made.The idea is to prevent eve-teasing and ensure that nobody is able to forcibly enter a club or hotel. \"Expert sleuths will be deployed in posh areas like Mall road, Swaroop Nagar, Arya Nagar, Tilak Nagar, Cantt and Civil Lines to ensure there are no incidents of rowdyism,\" said a senior police officer.About a hundred home guards have also been roped in to assist the police. Mounted police, staff riding horses will also be visible in areas like Mall road and Civil Lines area. SSP Yashaswi Yadav said the police needs the cooperation of club, restaurants, hotel and mall managements and the public during celebrations on New Year's Eve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17826411", "title": "Khaki curtain falls on New Year", "text": "KOCHI: The city police on Sunday have decided to act tough on drunken drivers on the New Year eve.To ensure the safety of women and children, who will be celebrating the New Year with their family members at various venues in the city, around 4,000 police personnel will be deployed across the city.Beaches, areas outside five-star hotels, pubs and other places where people gather to celebrate New Year will be under extra security cover. Special shadow police teams, including women police personnel, will be deployed at crowded places and other spots in the city to nab those who create trouble for women.A strong contingent of police will be deployed in and around Fort Kochi beach to ensure the safety of tourists.City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar will review the security arrangements in place for the New Year celebrations in the city. Traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq said that strict action would be taken against those drive vehicles under the influence of alcohol.There will be police teams at all junctions and main roads in the city to check drunken driving. Police have directed all hotels to limit their New Year celebrations with in their premises. Any sort of unsolicited celebrations in public places will be severely dealt with.Registration numbers of vehicles entering the city on the New Year's eve will be recorded by special police teams. Police personnel will frisk people who look suspicious. \"Footage from CCTV cameras will be monitored round-the-clock and shop-owners near the beach and other crowded places have been asked to monitor their CCTVs and inform the police if they find any suspicious activity or evidence of misbehavior with women,\" a police officer said. Hotels in the city will not be allowed to function beyond the time allotted by the excise department.\"We have also asked hotels to monitor CCTVs and inform the police if they find any unusual activity,\" officials said. There will also be over 250 Janamaitri volunteers deployed in the city to help police maintain law and order. \"Volunteers will be given mobile phones and they have been directed to pass information to the police,\" officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17824314", "title": "Palamu Congress to target district administration on project delays", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu Congress leaders have decided to bring to fore the problems plaguing central schemes in the district during the Union rural development minister's visit to Chainpur block on Monday.Former MLA Radha Krishan Kishore said he, along with district Congress president Chandrashekhar Shukla, Hirdaynarain Mishra and others would apprise Jairam Ramesh of the ground realities in the several development projects in Palamu blocks.The focus would be on MGNREGA, Indira Awaas Yojana, Integrated Action Plan and Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana in the Maoist-affected areas and highlight the district administration's laggardness.Out of the 8,851 projects under MGNREGA, more than 6,000 are pending, pointed out Kishore while seeking scrutiny of MIS data entry of the schemes.Same is the fate of the Indira Awaas Yojana that has been hit by delays. \"For 5,000 poor homeless, Indira Awaas will not be coming any earlier as it will be dragging on for many more months before these poor people get a house. As against little over 9,000 units of Indira Awaas, 4,000 are just complete,\" said Kishore.Kishore further said only one road has been constructed under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana in Paton block and sought a probe into it alleging wrongdoing.The 51 schemes under PMGSY in Palamu are suffering the same fate as other delayed projects, said Kishore, adding that the administration's monitoring of roads under PMGSY was an eyewash as a result of which quality of roads is poor.The district Congress has also decided to demand a high-level inquiry into the Integrated Action Plan, under which 500 projects are still hanging fire.Sources said the visit of Ramesh is a windfall gain for the district Congress, which has been trying to tighten the noose on the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825270", "title": "IIT-Kanpur holds health camp for kids", "text": "KANPUR: The students of IIT-Kanpur, under the banner of Vivekananda Samiti, organized a health and eye check-up camp for underprivileged kids on Sunday.The event was part of Vivekananda youth leadership convention to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. Experts checked the patients.The camp was organized under the supervision of Dr VC Rastogi, retired CMO of Kanpur.The Vivekananda youth leadership convention will be held between January 10 and 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830710", "title": "Wipro gets shareholders' nod for demerger", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wipro said its shareholders have approved the company's plans to hive off non-IT business into unlisted arm.\"The shareholders at the court convened meeting held on December 28, 2012, have approved the scheme of arrangement between Wipro Ltd (demerged company), Azim Premji Custodial Services Pvt Ltd (resulting company) and Wipro Trademarks Holding Ltd (trademark company),\" it said in a BSE filing.Following the announcement, Wipro's shares jumped 1.34 per cent from its previous closed on the BSE to Rs 396.50.A total of 393 shareholders were present at the Extra-ordinary General Meeting, including 18 from promoters and promoter groups, the filing said. The company has about 235,598 number of shareholders.Wipro, which is the country's third largest software firm, had announced last month that it will demerge its non-IT businesses like Consumer Care &amp; Lighting into a new company to focus exclusively on information technology.Wipro Ltd will continue to remain a publicly listed company focusing exclusively on IT.The unlisted firm will be called Wipro Enterprises and include Wipro Consumer Care &amp; Lighting (including furniture business), Wipro Infrastructure Engineering (hydraulics and water businesses) and Medical Diagnostic Product &amp; Services business.The board of Wipro remains unchanged and the demerger of the non-IT units will have no impact on the company's management structure, Wipro had said.Wipro is a part of the $100-billion Indian IT industry and competes with the likes of Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys besides global players like IBM and Accenture.With increased focus on its core business, the company is expected to better compete as the sector is witnessing stiff competition amid flat IT budgets due to economic slowdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824658", "title": "Morphing menace: MMS scandals instil fear among girls", "text": "RANCHI: Girls in Jharkhand are facing severe threats of defamation because of obscene MMS scandals doing the rounds. They are reeling under the rude shock as reports say their boyfriends are making and circulating these clippings on the worldwide web.Surprisingly, the cases involve students of reputed schools and colleges and at times the victims are as young as 13-year-old girls.It is not only cities like Ranchi and Jamshedpur which are part of the ugly scenario. Girls belonging to districts are also dragged into this grim picture. Authorities in the Cyber Defense Research Centre (CDRC) of Jharkhand claim that the number of such cases has become common in the state now. The scandals involve famous persons as well as common man. Vineet Kumar, technical officer of the CDRC said, \"Complaints also come from remote areas.\"In 2010, the most infamous MMS scandal from Jharkhand involved a Class VII girl whose boyfriend circulated a pornographic clipping of her among her friends. The incident took place in Ramgarh district, around 45 km from Ranchi. The girl, who belonged to a poor family in Giddi village of Ramgarh, tried to commit suicide when she came to know of the act. The accused Ranjit Singh was arrested though his friend, who was allegedly involved in making the video, managed to flee.Morphing photos and circulating MMSes is not new in Jharkhand. Records show it first spread its tentacles some years ago in 2006.A private institute in Ranchi had to suspend two of its students who prepared a two minutes MMS video of a female student by superimposing a snap of the girl on a nude photograph and circulated it among the students of the technical institute. The matter was brought to the then SSP of Ranchi's notice.In October last year, the Hazaribagh police had arrested five teenager boys who had made a 42-minute MMS of a school girl. The five were accused of circulating an MMS clipping which showed a female classmate of theirs in a compromising position with a male student. The police had claimed that it was also used by the boys to torment her. The then SP of Hazaribagh, Pankaj Kamboj had constituted a team led by a DSP to nab the culprits.The Puja Chatterjee of Indian Idol fame had complained in 2012 that a caller was threatening to circulate an obscene video clip of her on the internet. The incident occurred in Dhanbad after which the police provided her security.CDRC officials said the trend is common here. \"At least 10 incidents of MMS scandals are reported to us every year,\" said Kumar. CDRC officials also agree that several of such cases go unreported because girls and even parents hesitate to open up to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17823802", "title": "Pesi Shroff-trained Onassis wins Scindia Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: Pesi Shroff-trained Onassis scored a very comfortable win in the Maharaja Jiwajirao Scindia Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Sunday's Mumbai races.Onassis' stable-mate and favourite Smashing, who was trailing the field till turning the final bend, failed to accelerate when it mattered and finished fourth.Among professionals, trainer Faisal A Abbas and jockey S Zervan landed a grand treble each while trainer Shroff and jockey Dashrath Singh scored a double each.Results with dividends1. Victory March Plate (1000m): Herculean 1, Gararo 2, The Saint 3, Rio Del Ray 4. 3-3/4, 1-1/4, shd. T:1:00.42. Tote: Rs 34 for win; 17, 37, 22 for places; Shp: 93; Fc: 833; Q: 172; Tanala: 3605 and 858.2. Sonny Brar Trophy (1600m): Invictus 1, Neath 2, Incognito 3, Limitless Hills 4. 4-3/4, 1, 1. T:1:36.98. Tote: Rs 33 for win; 17, 10 for places; Shp: 26; Fc: 43; Q: 31; Tanala: 79 and 35.3. Lady Moura Plate (2400m): Caesars Star 1, Mountain Force 2, Rodeo 3, Monet 4. \u00c2\u00bd, 1, shd. T:2:39.85. Tote: Rs 15 for win; 12, 18 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 79; Q: 34; Tanala: 100 and 44.4. White Metal Plate-Div-II (1200m): Crowned Princess 1, Asahi 2, Mountbatten 3, Wolfgang 4. Nk, \u00c2\u00bd, 2. T:1:12.16. Tote: Rs 108 for win; 24, 14, 19 for places; Shp: 46; Fc: 247; Q: 145; Tanala: 947 and 525.5. Rose De Bahama Trophy (1000m): Ishpingo 1, Elena 2, Emerging Star 3, Mountain Regiment 4. Shd, shd, 1. T:0:58.70. Tote: Rs 39 for win; 19, 13 for places; Shp: 30; Fc: 68; Q: 32; Tanala: 370 and 309.6. Kohinoor Square Kheem Singh Million (1200m): Senora Bella 1, Brindaban 2, Zoraavar 3, Ancient Warrior 4. 3, \u00c2\u00be, shd. T:1:12.02. Tote: Rs 16 for win; 10, 28, 19 for places; Shp: 73; Fc: 49; Q: 53; Tanala: 189 and 102.7. N M Irani Trophy (1400m): Appalachia 1, Amitayus 2, Arusha 3, Eclipsed 4. 2, 2-1/2, 1. T:1:25.38. Tote: Rs 294 for win; 43, 13, 11 for places; Shp: 32; Fc: 1110; Q: 195; Tanala: 2388 and 709.8. Maharaja Jiwajirao Scindia Trophy (Grade 3) 1800m: Onassis 1, Astapi 2, Star Of Gibraltar 3, Smashing 4. 2-1/4, shd, 1-1/4. T:1:49.60. Tote: Rs 47 for win; 16, 27, 19 for places; Shp: 68; Fc: 495; Q: 211; Tanala: 548 and 241.9. White Metal Plate-Div-I (1200m): Bucharest 1, Mable 2, Ice Skates 3, Brunello 4. \u00c2\u00be, \u00c2\u00bd, 1. T:1:12.74. Tote: Rs 57 for win; 19, 20, 14 for places; Shp: 56; Fc: 477; Q: 115; Tanala: 736 and 290.1st Jackpot: 70% Rs 137414 (1) &amp; 30% 1111 (53); 2nd Jackpot: 70% Rs 363810 (1) &amp; 30% 11994 (13); Super Jackpot: 70% 414730 (1) &amp; 30% 29623 (6); 1st Treble: 521 (16); 2nd Treble: 4774 (4); 3rd Treble: 7747 (4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17831591", "title": "Direct cash transfer scheme rolls out in 20 districts on Tuesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will start direct cash transfer of subsidy to bank accounts of beneficiaries in 20 districts from Tuesday, finance minister P Chidambaram said on Monday.The Direct Benefit Transfer system will be implemented in seven schemes such as scholarships and old age pensions from Jan 1. A total of 26 schemes will be covered under it.The system will be rolled out in various schemes according to the due date of payment.Announcing all this at a news conference here, Chidambaram said the government has identified 43 districts in which the scheme will be rolled out by the beginning of March.\"The scheme will be rolled out in 11 more districts on Feb 1 and 12 more districts will join on March 1,\" said Chidambaram, adding the scheme would be implemented in all the districts of the country by the end of 2013.Chidambaram said the government has no intention to provide cash subsidy for food, fertiliser and petroleum products.\"At this stage there is no intention to transfer the subsidy on food, fertiliser, diesel and kerosene. The existing system will continue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17825645", "title": "Kerala cops blacklist pro-Palestine activist", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Kerala Police have decided to blacklist Free Gaza Movement co-founder and globally-known advocate of the Palestinian cause Paul Larudee, who was taken into custody from Tirur in Malappuram district on Saturday night, for violating visa norms in India. On Sunday evening, police issued a \"quit India\" notice to the American human rights activist, asking him to leave India as early as possible. If blacklisted, Larudee can never visit India again.After police received information that Larudee, who has been in India since last three days on a tourist visa, was to attend a conference of Student Islamic Organisation at Tirur, a police team led by Malappuram SP K Sethuraman reached the venue took him into custody. The police team took Larudee into custody soon after he finished his speech on 'Youth and Arab Spring'. Larudee was the chief guest at the conference.Sethuraman told TOI that foreign personalities who have come to India on tourist visa cannot be allowed to attend functions or deliver speeches here as it will affect the law and order. \"No case was registered against Larudee as it will force him to stay in India for a long time. We want to avoid the situation that the Italian marines faced here, hence we have decided to issue a notice asking him to leave country,\" the SP said.Larudee said he never expected such a humiliating approach from Indian police. \"I came here to speak about the Palestinian people. Once, great Indian leaders such as Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru Nehru had raised the same demand for Palestine. I never want to hurt Indian people or speak against India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17824038", "title": "Extra security shield for New Year celebrations", "text": "GUWAHATI: Pubs and lounge bars in the city have decided to step up security measures to ensure that women do not face any problems as they wear the dancing shoes to welcome the New Year.In the wake of the recent incidents of violence on women, including the gang-rape of the 23-year-old girl in Delhi, the discotheques, pubs and bars in the city are not just banking on private security guards but also on special bouncers and female guards. They have also taken precautionary measures according to the district administration's directives, including placing CCTV cameras to provide evidence in case of trouble.However, girls are still not feeling safe. Many of them said they don't wish to take \"any chances\" and go out in groups and stay with their respective partners. They want to go to only those venues which are \"safe\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825288", "title": "Hyderabad students to challenge new National Eligibility Test guidelines", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students are planning to challenge UGC's new National Eligibility Test (NET) guidelines for lecturer posts. University Grants Commission (UGC) recently introduced a new rule stating that only top 15% candidates in NET will be eligible for taking up teaching jobs in colleges and universities.Till last year, any candidate who scored minimum marks was eligible for teaching posts. Students from English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) on Sunday said they would approach court against UGC guidelines. The protesting students said that the UGC'sdecision was in violation of a Kerala HC order, issued on December 17, 2012. A total of 28,000 students appeared for the NET examination from Osmania University centre on Sunday.\"In its order, the Kerala HC had clearly stated that NET was only an eligibility test and not a competitive examination. The exam is only meant to test whether the candidates are qualified to teach or do research. However, by deciding to grant NET certificates to only the top 15% candidates, UGC is denying an opportunity to others,\" said Mohan Dharavath, student leader, Eflu. Students said that new guidelines would do more harm than good.\"Those candidates who had secured NET in the past would appear for the examination to get grants under Junior Research Fellowship (JRF). Such candidates are likely to figure in the top 15% of the merit list over and over again denying opportunity to others,\" said Dharavat.The students are planning to file a PIL within a month's time. UGC conducts NET once in every six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828355", "title": "Celebrate New Year's the healthy way", "text": "At Nando's, New Years is about delicious flame grilled PERi- PERi Chicken, a great party atmosphere , live performance by Reptliz 100- a Chandigarh band that qualified the semi-finals of India's Got Talent, which will enthrall with rap, rock, soul stirring Sufi and popular Bollywood numbers...making this is an ideal venue for family get-togethers or lively office knee-up. There is no complicated booking in advance, no entry fee, just turn up and let the festivities begin .All the chicken at Nando's are farmed, delivered fresh (and never frozen) to their restaurants to give you the great PERi-PERi taste. Chicken is marinated for 24 hours in natural PERi- PERi sauce, and the marinade contains no preservatives, no colourants and no artificial flavours, thus is healthy.Every chicken is grilled to order (and basted to specific choice and taste) over an open flame, rather than fried, resulting in lower cholesterol and negligible fat.The Piece-de-Resistance, the flame-grilled PERi-PERi chicken made with African bird's eye chili, makes it mouth watering. Apart from the flame grilled chicken, they also offer selection of salads, burger, wraps, petta, livers etc. etc. Nando's also offers great choices for vegetarians. They also have a well stocked bar for alcoholic beverages, besides delicious designer drinks to make your experience memorable.Where: Nando's, SCO- 339 &amp; 340, Sec- 35 B, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17823570", "title": "Nirbhaya hailed as 'book for all people'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The pro vice-chancellor of Tezpur University, Amarjyoti Choudhury, has said Nirbhaya is like a book of courage and unity.\"She can be a book for all people of the country, which explains the rights of women. It is a time for national awakening and everybody should fight for the cause of the women of our country,\" Choudhury said in his inaugural speech at 14th Northeast Book Fair on Sunday.The pro V-C further said, \"The book will tell everybody about the atrocities one woman has to face in her lifetime. How the society looks at women and what measures are taken by the authorities concerned for their rights.\"At the beginning of the inaugural function, a minute's silence was observed for the gang-rape victim who passed away on Saturday.He also emphasized the need for a digital library in the state, so that the books could be preserved for generations after generations and everyone can access them easily,\" he added.Choudhury said there is no facility for preserving books in the digital form in Assam , as a result of which the younger generation could not access the books written in the past. \"Now-a-days children are unaware of our history, tradition and culture. If there is a digital library, then these books could have been preserved,\" he said.\"There are many books written by renowned writers of our state but there is a lack of books on research. So many researches are being carried out in different ways if there would have been books published or written then it would have been good,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828094", "title": "The protests won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t stop", "text": "Enraged by the death of the recent Delhi rape victim, youngsters in the city are expressing their grief and showing their support through vigils and candlelight walks .People from all walks of life gathered at People's Plaza, Necklace Road on Saturday evening, holding candles and placards, demanding justice to the victim's family and stringent laws for women's security.While a lot of NGOs came out in support of the cause, there were also a lot of youngsters at the venue expressing their angst. Mamta Kabra, a working professional in the city, says, \"I've lived in Delhi for a couple of years and it pains me to see such an incident play out. Stringent laws must be put in place!\"Several protests and rallies have been taking place at KBR Park, Necklace Road and Cyberabad, ever since news of the rape broke out. Khushboo Chowdhary, a member of India Against Corruption movement, says, \"We must not stop. We must protest as much as we can until the government takes notice. We shouldn't let this buzz die down.\"afrin.humayon@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17825073", "title": "Old Gurgaon crumbles as New Gurgaon continues to dazzle", "text": "GURGAON: As you drive down the National Highway No 8 towards Gurgaon, you can clearly see two distinct faces - the old and new - of the same city.While the new city welcomes you with swanky, high-rise commercial and residential properties, the other side (old Gurgaon) seems to be a chaotic picture of traffic jams, bad roads, insufficient water supply and scores of other problems.According to 30-year-old Aparna Singh, who has been living in Old Gurgaon since her marriage, the old city is getting a step-motherly treatment from the authorities as well as from the politicians. \"It's not that the new city has no issues but the issues there command the attention of development authorities and other concerned agencies and are attended to on priority basis. Here, it seems no one is bothered about the civic issues being faced by the residents,\" she added.Another resident, Ajit Singh , said, \"It's true that real Gurgaon is being treated like an outsider by the state government. Even when Gurgaon generates money for the state, the infrastructure is in shambles.\"Citing problems, he said this 'discrimination' has reached such a level that even proper education and medical facilities are not available in old city. Not just the roads are in bad shape and commuters waste precious man-hours in traffic jams, the problems of the old city residents are never-ending, he added.While the new city is always in news for one or the other big projects being announced for lavish and comfortable living, the residents of the old city, far from this glitter and dazzle, are busy fighting for basic amenities - road, water and electricity.Every year, during the polls, contestants promise adequate electricity and water supply in these areas, and also promise improvement in the law-and-order situation and provide clean environment, but none of these issues have been resolved till date. \"Some of roads have been constructed by Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon, but most of the related issues, like street lighting, sanitation and others, are yet to be addressed,\" said Rohit Kumar.At his relative's house in Sadar Bazar, Kumar said he has been visiting old Gurgaon for a decade now and has never seen the place free of traffic. \"It is one of oldest markets, but in the evening, it turns into a chaos zone where people are stuck all the time,\" he said.Also, lack of coordination between the authorities - the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) - is further adding to the woes of the people.\"The lack of coordination between them is the main reason due to which water-logging and traffic woes at the Hero Honda Chowk cannot be resolved till date. At times, these agencies, instead of doing their job, create hurdles for other agencies, ultimately causing inconvenience to the locals,\" said Rama Kant, who recently bought a house in old city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17825054", "title": "Give women environment to live in dignity, says youth brigade", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of angry residents protested against the rapist killers of Nirbhaya on a chilly Sunday in Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh, demanding stricter laws for curbing crime against women.Demonstrations were held in all the major towns of Punjab and Haryana as students, activists and angry citizens from all walks of life joined hands to demand death penalty for the accused. In Punjab, angered over the sad demise of Nirbhaya, activists of many organizations held a protest march in Barnala, Amritsar, Patiala, Jalandhar, Ludhiana and Hisar.Activists of many organizations, including a large number of women and students, gathered under the banner of \"Youth for Change\", holding placards and demanding stringent laws against the perpetrators of heinous crimes against women.Students of Lal Bahadur Shastri Arya Mahila College took out a candle march from place where Bhagat Singh's statue has been installed to that of Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru's statue. Girl students demanded the setting up of fast track courts and severe punishment to the accused in crimes against women.While paying tributes to Nirbhaya near the Barnala SSP office, women activists accused the governments of going slow in dealing with rapists. \"Youth for Change\" activist Barinder Kaur demanded stringent laws, saying, \"If such laws are in place, no one would dare indulge in inhuman acts and even if one does, he must not be allowed to go scot free.\"Narain Dutt of Inqulabi Kendra added, \"The perpetrators of such a heinous crime should be given exemplary punishment, so that nobody dare repeat this type of inhuman act.\"In Hisar, protesters took out a candle march in markets and demanded strict action against the rapist. Similar protests were also held in Sirsa, Karnala, Ambala and Panipat.Emotions ran high among the youth in the hills. Youth in Shimla have given a call for a street play on the historic Ridge on the occasion of New Year. They will stage \"Pukar\" to highlight the injustice done to women. Admiral of St Bede's College, which is one of the country's oldest girls colleges, Maheema Dutt said, \"The fallout of this incident does reflect that youngsters have lost faith in governance and want better and swift results and an environment, where women feel safe and can live with dignity. Although Shimla is considered peaceful, eve-teasing is on the rise.\"Echoing similar sentiments, AIDWA, state treasurer Phalma Chauhan said, \"The situation is similar in our hilly state where a lackadaisical attitude is involved in crime cases against women and a passive attitude is adopted in registering complaints of such cases by the police too. According to statistics, nearly 160 rape cases have been registered in the state in the previous year, but there is a low conviction rate in these cases in the state,\" she added.Student central association (SCA) president at Himachal Pradesh University Rahul Chauhan said, \"There is lack of political will in our state also against such cases and with nearly one-third of MPs/MLAs of the nation involved in crimes, how can we expect a change in the system and mindsets.\" One of the recently-elected MLA is said to be mired in a crime case against woman, then how can we expect a change in the political set up,\" he questioned.Taking cognizance of lack of help lines and youth cells, local organization YES, initiated by youngsters has planned to start a helpline in January 2013, to help women in distress and who suffer eve-teasing in Shimla, informed founding president of YES, Akarshan Chauhan. A college student taking part in a candle march Gaurav Kumar said, \" We are agitated lot and this march is to mourn over the incident and show our disappointment, revolt, as well, it is a moment of introspection and question for us to usher a change in the mindsets and promote a faster political will.\" Along with peaceful protests in the centre of the township, citizens have been organizing peaceful protests in different peripheral areas, including Sanjauli-Dhalli, and other hilly areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17823856", "title": "CPM panel nod for expulsion of V S Achuthanandan's aides", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a major blow to opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, the CPM state committee on Sunday decided to expel three of his close aides from the primary membership of the party. Press secretary K Balakrishnan, additional private secretary V K Sasidharan and personal assistant A Suresh were accused of leaking secret party documents to the media.The decision, taken by the CPM secretariat meeting on Friday, was endorsed by the state committee. It is learnt that C K Saseendran, J Mercykutty Amma and S Sarma, who are known to be close to Achuthanandan, opposed the decision at the meeting. However, the party is yet to officially announce the decision as its central leadership is learnt to have intervened in the issue.Sources close to Achuthanandan said the leader conveyed his displeasure over the party action to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and politburo member Sitaram Yechuri on Sunday morning. Karat is understood to have told the state leadership to defer the announcement till the completion of next central committee meeting, scheduled in Kolkata from January 17-19.The CPM state committee had appointed a two-member panel, comprising Vaikom Viswan and A Vijayaraghavan, to probe charges against the trio. Sources said the panel report had conclusive evidence to prove the charges besides allegations that the trio had worked hand in glove with mediapersons to cook up stories that dented the image of the party leadership. A policeman, P Anil, who was part of Achuthanandan's security team and now working as gunman of CPM MLA E P Jayarajan is learnt to have told the panel that he was a witness to the conspiracy hatched by the personal staff members with certain mediapersons.For Achuthanandan, the loss of the three means much. Sasidharan was the strategist in his team after the exit of K M Shajahan and K Suresh Kumar. He is the brain behind almost all recent legal battles undertaken by the leader besides working as his link with variousactivist groups. Balakrishan, who was the former editor of Chintha weekly, prepares the leader's speeches and press notes while Suresh is his Man Friday who helps him in taking medicine on time and negotiate crowds at public meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17825373", "title": "A cardboard helmet for safer bike rides", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian-origin researcher has designed a new lighter and safer bicycle-helmet entirely made up of cardboard.The helmet 'Kranium' has been constructed from cardboard and designed by Royal College Art student Anirudha Surabhi, which promises to be 15% lighter than standard helmets, while absorbing up to three times the impact energy during a collision.Surabhi was inspired to create the Kranium following a nasty fall from his bicycle which caused a cracked helmet and minor concussion, Gizmag reported.The designer was also struck by the woodpecker's ability to withstand repeated heavy impact, thanks to the bird's unique corrugated cartilage structure which separates beak from skull.The Formula 1 team Force India is incorporating the Kranium technology into its own helmet design, the report said.The Kranium is waterproof, and boasts some green credentials, due to it being manufactured from recycled paper. The helmet is designed to allow a degree of flexing to help absorb impact force, of which it can withstand up to three times as much as typical expanded polystyrene helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825545", "title": "Minor girl killed, body found hanging from tree", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 16-year-old girl was murdered and her body was found hanging from a tree in an agricultural field by a local youth at Kandukur on Sunday evening.The victim was identified as Swaroopa alias Maisamma, the daughter of a farmer Dasarath from Dasarlapally village at Kandukur. At 3pm, Swaroopa went to the farm in the village. An hour later, locals found her body hanging from a tree in the field and alerted her parents and the police.\"After examining the body, we suspect that she was strangled to death and then the culprit left her body hanging from the tree with a plastic pipe used for drip irrigation,\" Ibrahimpatnam ACP V Surendar Reddy told TOI.Police nabbed 22-year-old farm worker Naresh from the same village after preliminary investigation. \"We suspect that personal rivalry could be the reason behind the murder. However, we are not ruling out any kind of sexual assault.The body has been sent for a post-mortem examination to find out the exact cause of death,\" the ACP said. A case was booked under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Naresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "shimla/amritsar", "code": "17825039", "title": "Married migrant woman raped in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA/AMRITSAR: Police have arrested one person from Barotiwala in Solan district of Himachal Pradesh for allegedly raping a married woman on Saturday night and booked three others in similar cases in Amritsar district of Punjab. However, they have one of the accused in Amritsar gang rape case.Police have arrested a man for allegedly raping a married woman in Barotiwala area of Solan district in Himachal Pradesh. The victim, 35, originally belongs to Uttar Pradesh and has been living in a rented accommodation in Barotiwala area with her husband and son.On Saturday, Vijender Singh, the accused who was known to the victim's husband, offered to give her a lift in his motorcycle to the factory where she was working and instead took her to his room and raped her, the police complaint said.The victim narrated the entire incident to her husband on returning home, who then lodged a complaint to the police. The medical examination of the woman confirmed rape and the cops have arrested the accused.Investigations revealed that the accused had borrowed Rs 20,000 from the victim's husband and she had demanded the money back on Saturday. \"Vijender had earlier asked the woman to accompany him to his room and take the money. However, she was suspicious of him and refused to go,\" said a police officer.Over the years, even foreigners visiting Himachal Pradesh have become unsafe. There have been several instances where women have been abused. In May, a 22-year-old Australian had complained to Kullu police, accusing a Chandigarh resident of raping her in a hotel room.In June 2009, an 18-year-old British girl, working with an NGO in Palampur, was allegedly raped by a taxi owner and his friend. Two Tibetan youths were arrested in January 2010 for having raped a German woman near McLeodganj. Himachal cops have registered around 1,629 rape cases in the past decade.In Khemkaran, police have registered a rape case against a Jat Sikh boy on the complaint of a 22-year-old dalit Sikh girl of his village in Khemkaran. The victim, a resident of Marhi Gaur Singh village, used to work as a brick kiln labourer at Chaar Sahib Gazhal Havellian village, where accused Satnam Singh worked as a school driver. They had eloped to Chennai in 2010, but returned after six months and started living at Harike, where the girl gave birth to a boy. However, Satnam left them soon after.According to police, the girl has now lodged a complaint against Satnam for allegedly raping and betraying her.On Saturday, police booked two persons for allegedly gang-raping a married woman in Bhindi Saidan village of Amritsar district. While they have arrested one of the accused, his accomplice has bolted off.In her complaint on Saturday, a 23-year-old newly-wed woman had accused Manjit Singh and his friend Jaspal Singh of her village of gang-rape. She said the accused had forcibly taken her on a bike to a secluded place near the village and raped her Wednesday night.Bhindi Saidan police station SHO Balkar Singh said the police have registered a case of rape against both the accused.Amritsar (rural) SSP PPS Virk said the accused and the victim used to be friends.Meanwhile, Punjab police head constable Kulwinder Singh and his nephew Gurcharan Singh, who are wanted for allegedly raping a woman near Ajnala town of Amritsar district, are absconding - 48 hours after a case was registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825336", "title": "Leaving car with dad cost Ajinder Singh his life", "text": "Malwinder Singh, the father of Ajinder Singh who died when his bike was rammed by an uncontrolled truck near railway light point in Chandigarh, on December 28 evening, said his son would have been alive if he would have not left his car with him.A native of Sangrur, Ajinder, had visited his hometown on December 25 to leave his car with his father. \"He left the car with me and took the motorcycle saying it would be tough for me to ride a two-wheeler in the winter. He was my only son and had got married about one and half year ago,\" said a teary eyed Malwinder, 61.The truck that killed the young engineer rammed into six other vehicles and a cyclist after driver lost control.Ajinder's body was handed over to his father after autopsy was conducted at GMSH-16 on Saturday. He used to reside in a rented accommodation in Silver City, Zirakpur, and was employed with an IT company in IT Park, Manimajra.The speeding truck had hit Ajinder's bike and dragged it to over 10m ramming into other vehicles at the railway lightpoint on December 28. The accused driver Jaspal Singh was arrested.SHO of Industrial Area police station Narinder Patial, said Ajinder was identified from his driving license, recovered from his wallet, as his entire upper body had been crushed in the accident. Over a dozen relatives and neighbours of the deceased came to collect his body at GMSH-16. Sudhir Chaudhary, a co-employee of Ajinder, said, \"He had left from office around 7.15pm and we received a phone call from police after 20 minutes informing us about his death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17826156", "title": "Salt Lake civic body earns Rs 10 crore revenue", "text": "KOLKATA: Though it has hardly been four months since tax collection was started in Salt Lake, the Bidhannagar municipality has already earned Rs 10.5 crore as revenue.According to rough estimates till last week, the civic body has so far collected about Rs 10.5 crore revenue which is only Rs 5 crore less than the civic body's expectation to collect about Rs 15.5 crore as property tax. The civic authorities will be able to know the total amount of tax collected after Monday. Officials said that the civic body will be able to clear its various pending bills and utilize the revenues for executing other civic services.However, there have been a few complaints from residents that they received the bills much late. Bidhannagar Welfare Association general secretary Kumar Shankar Sadhu said some residents in the blocks falling in Sector I of the township received their tax bills quite late. \"For some, the accumulated tax amount was very high. The municipality could arrange a payment option through installments with some amount of interest for the convenience of the residents,\" he said.It may be recalled the municipality started sending and collecting property tax from September end. The tax rate was based on the old valuation of 2005 and the new rate was fixed at an increase of up to 30% over the old valuation. The rates were calculated on the basis of old valuation that was done in 1978.The tax has been collected for the fiscal years of 2010-11, 2011-12 and arrears from 2007 to 2010. For those who had paid their tax earlier in March, their bills were adjusted and sent.The municipality, after resuming tax collection earlier in March this year, had to stop after three weeks following complaints from many residents that there were anomalies in the bills. The municipality had collected a total of Rs 6.57 crore from those few weeks of tax collection. The matter was looked by urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim and the minister asked to stop tax collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830372", "title": "What's next for Varalaxmi?", "text": "Sarath Kumar's daughter Varalaxmi, fondly known as Varu is all set to take on Tollywood, following her impressive debut in the Simbu starrer \"Poda Podi\". Reports suggest that Varu will be a part of the Telugu remake of 'Manam Koththi Paravai'.Sources cite that the script is being modified to emphasize a much stronger role for the lead actress. The film is also expected to feature a big hero from the Telugu cinema industry. In the meantime, Varalaxmi is expecting the release of her next movie ' Madha Gaja Raja ' (MGR), directed by Sundar C starring Vishal, Anjali and herself.Varalaxmi Sarathkumar also won the sensational debutant actress at the Jaya TV Awards 2012 for her performance in Simbu starrer ' Poda Podi ' recently. Looks like the audience will get to see a lot more of this talented actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824355", "title": "Trips, tariff hikes shock consumers", "text": "January witnessed fog-induced trips that led to massive power cuts across the northern region including the capital. But what set alarm bells ringing were warnings by BSES regarding its liquidity crisis.When NTPC warned BSES to pay up or suffer disconnection, the discoms approached Delhi government for a loan of Rs 500 crore. The Delhi government agreed to a bail-out in the form of equity infusion on condition that the sum would be matched by the company.Reliance Infra, which has 51% stake in BSES, infused Rs 520 crore. Promoters were required to bring in 20% equity (or Rs 1,020 crore). Delhi government infused Rs 500 crore. Six months later, Tata Power Delhi asked for an equity infusion of Rs 245 croreIn February, discoms were allowed a 5% hike in tariffs towards power purchase adjustment for the next quarter.From the new quarter beginning May, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission paved the way for differential tariffs while announcing the second adjustment surcharge payable to discoms applicable from May 1 to July 31. BSES Yamuna customers had to pay the highest fuel surcharge of 7%, BSES Rajdhani consumers paid 6% and residents of north and northwest Delhi who draw from Tata Delhi Power paid the lowest fuel surcharge at 4%.In April, overdrawing from the northern grid during peak hours became tougher as the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission tightened operating grid frequency.At end of June, DERC announced new electricity tariff in the city across domestic, commercial and industrial categories. While the overall increase in tariff was a high 20.87%, domestic category consumers were hit the hardest with a steep tariff hike of 26%. DERC announced a new slab system leading to drastically higher bills sparking protests and an eventual rollback.Twenty states and two union territories plunged into darkness when on July 31, the northern grid tripped for the second consecutive day followed by the collapse of the eastern and north-eastern grids within seconds. About 67 crore suffered due to the 10-12-hour outage. Delhi government sent a proposal for islanding Delhi for which the Centre showed the green light.Anti-corruption crusader Arvind Kejriwal declared a paani-bijli satyagraha. Kejriwal blamed the government for allowing power bills to rise drastically affecting the budgets of poor consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829336", "title": "Madhan Karky pens Tamil version of 'Jai Ho'", "text": "The Oscar and Grammy Award-winner A R Rahman performed live at the Thaai Manne Vanakkam (TMV) concert at the YMCA Grounds in Chennai today (December 30, 2012). The 'Isai Puyal' performed the Tamil version 'Jai Ho' song from the award winning 'Slumdog Millionaire' which was sung by Rayhana, Ishrath and his group. Madhan Karky on of poet and lyricist Vairamuthu had penned the Tamil lyrics of the song.Tamil version of ' Jai Ho ' is on dreaming big, spreading love &amp; hope for a better tomorrow. The young lyricist said that the lyrics of the song would soon be revealed soon. Rahman had appeared out of a fancy enclosure singing the anthemic 'En Desathin Kural' from the Tamil version of Swades, sending the crowd into raptures.Madhan Karky tweeted today \"The Tamil version of #JaiHo, performed in the recent #ThaiManneVanakkam concert was penned by me. Heartfelt thanks to @arrahman Tamil version of 'Jai Ho' is on dreaming big, spreading love &amp; hope for a better tomorrow. I will publish the lyrics tonight.\"Organized by Jaya TV at the YMCA Grounds at Nandanam in Chennai, the concert, titled Thaai Manne Vanakkam (Salute to the Motherland) was a success and A R Rahaman had tweeted yesterday \"Thank you Chennai for the incredible love and support at the show last night!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17826138", "title": "Third accused in Barmer gangrape arrested, police to file chargesheet within 72 hours", "text": "JAISALMER: Police on Sunday arrested the third accused in the gang rape case of a 13-year-old girl in Barmer city three days ago. Having arrested all the three accused in the case, police said a chargesheet will be filed against them in court within 72 hours to ensure speedy justice to the victim who is yet to come out of shock and trauma.Barmer SP Rahul Barhat told TOI that culprits Manohar Lal and Narendra Singh had been arrested on Friday, while a massive hunt was been launched to arrest the third absconding culprit Sher Singh.\"We had formed special teams to find him. Singh was arrested on Sunday from an industrial area in Barmer. He has several police cases registered against him including those related to molestation,\" the officer said.Barhat said to make the culprits get maximum punishment for their heinous crime, the police have slapped sections of the newly enacted Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012.\"The sections provide for life imprisonment to convicts of a child gangrape case. This gangrape is one of the firsts in which the police have used this section,\" the officer said.The victim was returning from a wedding with her aunt when three youths abducted her and took her away in a jeep. The girl's aunt raised an alarm and some villagers chased the vehicle but the group managed to escape. They then took the girl to a deserted place and raped her. She was found on Friday morning.Police said two of the accused had met with accident when they were being chased by the villagers. One of accused had sustained serious injuries on his nose.\"The duo had escaped from the villagers; however, they had gone to a hospital for treatment. We had got a tip-off regarding this, following which both were arrested a few hours after the girls' family members approached the police,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17824047", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Old warhorse Jaffer provides Mumbai the charge", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: In the previous three Ranji games that he played this season (he opted out of four owing to personal reasons), Wasim Jaffer didn't hit a ton.He crossed the fifties four times, but never got to three-figures. An unlikely stat for someone who's amassed more than 15,000 runs in domestic cricket.Not to mention, Mumbai missed the prolific opener's calming presence more than anybody else, as their struggled display in the first seven matches of the season shows.Against Gujarat, on the second day of their final group stage clash at the DY Patil Stadium in Nerul, Mumbai looked up to Jaffer to guide them past Gujarat's first innings total of 244.And he didn't disappoint, hitting a classy hundred - his 45th in 207 Ranji games - to all but ensure the 39-time champions' entry into the quarterfinal knockouts.He left just about an hour before the end of Sunday's play, having batted for 389 minutes and faced 271 balls for his 171.Jaffer's knock was studded with 21 hits to the fence and one over it. Resuming from their overnight 24 for 1, Mumbai ended Day 2 at a comfortable 323 for 5, a lead of 79 runs.The pitch, which showed signs of life for the better part of the opening day's play on Saturday, seemed to have changed its character overnight. As it went to sleep, the bowlers toiled, and the batsmen flourished.Jaffer first added 47 runs for the second wicket with Aditya Tare (20), and 213 runs for the third with Hiken Shah (82), as Mumbai went past Gujarat's total. Soon after, Shah, in a bid to accelerate the scoring rate, missed what would have been his fourth ton of the season.As Gujarat took the new ball, the aggressive Surya Kumar Yadav came in next, and that meant Mumbai wanted quick runs.Jaffer didn't last long though, as a diving Samit Gohel plucked his tired-looking drive against left-arm pacer Rush Kalaria. It was the next ball after he had got a reprieve in the covers off the same bowler.Debutante Nikhil Patil failed to add a run to his name as Mumbai lost their fifth wicket soon after, but next man Abhishek Nayar and Yadav ensured there was no further setbacks.Jaffer was happy with his effort. \"We are in a good position to go for a win. It will hold us in good stead before the knockouts. If we can add some quick runs by lunch tomorrow, we can go for it,\" the elegant left-hander said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828167", "title": "Tom Cruise's date goes into hiding due", "text": "Tom Cruise's new date Cynthia Jorge got so worried by the attention her date with the actor got, that she has gone into hiding at her mother's house in Fresh Meadows.The 26-year-old Beauty and Essex manager, who landed on the cover of In Touch magazine for her December 18 date with Cruise, is said to be swearing to friends that she did not leak the news of their partying at Le Baron, the New York Daily News reported.A friend of Jorge's told Confidenti@l's that she is freaked out, as she didn't invite this attention and is very upset.The friend said that Jorge had a doubt that maybe Beauty and Essex leaked it, as Cruise called there three times for her and stated his name.The friend added that she was also thinking that maybe one of her two friends that went with her to Le Baron could have leaked the news.The friend said that Jorge is now concerned of Cruise thinking that she sold him out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17824188", "title": "Security stepped up for New Year's eve", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police has beefed up security for New Year's eve by deploying more than 1,200 additional policemen including two companies of central industrial security force and 180 IRBN personnel.North Goa SP Vijay Singh said that special arrangements have been made for December 31 and a total number of 800 policemen will be deployed in North Goa after 6pm, including two central industrial security force and 180 IRBN staff.\"Three DySP and four police inspectors will patrol Calangute areas,\" Singh said adding that policemen will be deployed at churches, boarder check posts, clubs and beaches.Singh also said that they have identified three points in each police station jurisdiction for naka bandi.South Goa SP Shekhar Prabhudesai said, \"In South Goa we have deployed an additional 400 police personnel at churches, places of New Year's Eve celebrations and major hotels.\"Prabhudesai also said they have identified four points in South Goa for naka bhandi, \"PCRs, police inspectors and SDPO will patrol through the night to avoid any untoward incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17832115", "title": "Kerala-based IT company selected for US programme", "text": "KOCHI: MindHelix Technosol made history by being the first IT startup from Kerala to get selected for the US-based Alchemist Accelerator Programme for enterprise product startups, a company official said.Kris Gopalakrishnan , chief mentor of Startup Village here, said this is a proud moment for entrepreneurs from Kerala.\"MindHelix's achievement clearly shows that Indian startups are truly global and can compete with the ones in the US. Platforms like Startup Village can be a great launch pad for startups like MindHelix where they can grow and go global,\" said Infosys chief Gopalakrishnan.The Accelerator programme based in Menlo Park, San Francisco, runs a programme for six months incubating 12 enterprise-centric startups and MindHelix is the only international startup in the group.The programme allocates $30,000 in seed funding to each company and also provides these startups the opportunity to showcase their products to Fortune 100 companies in the US.MindHelix has created the cloud computing-based customer interaction application, which was selected for the accelerator.The Startup Village-based company began operations in 2010 and soon created the TukTuk Meter, a mobile application that went viral in 2011.MindHelix then went on to build the customer interaction product based on cloud computing. The first implementation of the product was done for Delhi Police, named \"Know Your Police Station\", a public portal where citizens can connect with the police.The MindHelix team will be moving to the US for the programme.\"The accelerator is a great launch pad for us in the US and the mentor list has the best people from the industry who will coach us to tweak our product for the US market and also get first few customers. This is a huge step for MindHelix,\" said Christin Emmanuel George, co-founder and CEO of MindHelix Technosol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "markapuram (andhra)", "code": "17825481", "title": "RTI activist who took on cops injected with poison, condition critical", "text": "MARKAPURAM (ANDHRA): A right to information activist working on police excesses was attacked and injected with poison by three assailants here on Sunday.The activist, N Srinivasa Rao, was admitted to hospital where his condition is critical.Rao, who had been a money lender, became an RTI activist a few years ago. Rao (42) has been at loggerheads with police since he began seeking information from police stations under the RTI Act.On Sunday, three men walked into his office on the pretext of discussing a case. Two of them held him back while the third injected poison in the abdomen of Rao and fled, police said. Rao was taken by locals to the government hospital which referred him to the district headquarters hospital in Ongole. When his condition deteriorated, Rao was shifted to Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences. Doctors were yet to figure out the nature of the poison.While police alleged that Rao had been blackmailing to make quick bucks after securing information under the RTI Act, representatives of Right to Information United Front said cops were intimidating RTI activists like Rao as he was exposing police highhandedness. Rao was booked under the SC-ST Act after he had an argument with a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824925", "title": "Station area to be safer for women", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites generally have a tough time to reach Patna Junction due to chock-a-block, crawling traffic at the station roundabout.In a bid to ease the situation, a traffic control booth would be set up and three lanes would be earmarked for three wheelers, four-wheelers and pedestrians.Besides, the CCTV camera installed at Mahavir temple would be used for monitoring women's safety in the area.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Four CCTV cameras were mounted in different parts of the city, mainly to monitor the vehicular traffic. But the camera installed at Mahavir temple was not functioning properly. However, the problem has now been fixed and the cops can monitor the movement of vehicles and commuters.\"He said, \"We have also received complaints that the Station area turns into a paradise for flesh traders in evening and common girls get harassed due to such activities. We have deployed cops in civvies to keep an eye on these activities.\"Raj said, \"Initially, CCTV surveillance was meant to monitor traffic. But we have now decided to use their footage for the safety of girls and women too, so that the cops can rush to their rescue in case of emergency.\"Patna cops are also ready to install 20 new CCTV cameras in other parts of the city soon. \"Later, 61 more CCTV cameras will be installed at more than 60 strategic locations,\" the SSP said.These cameras would be installed in areas around the civil court, the Old Secretariat, Gandhi Maidan, Patna City and R-Block. VIP areas and roundabouts will have more than one camera.At present, one CCTV camera each has been installed at the Income-Tax, Patna Junction, Exhibition Road and Dak Bungalow roundabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17823795", "title": "Vikas, Aishwarya crowned champs in Ashok Kamte squash classic", "text": "MUMBAI: Vikas Jangra and Aishwarya Bhattacharya proved they were a cut above the rest as they lived up their top game of squash to win the men's and women's singles titles, defeating Jindal Squash Academy's Laxman Joshi and Urvashi Joshi respectively in the Rs 1 lakh prize money 4th Braveheart Ashok Kamte Squash Classic, played at the Bombay Gymkhana Squash Courts, on Saturday.Vikas Jangra, in very good touch throughout the tournament, ended the game before showing tremendous reserves of stamina, combined with a fine combination of shots to win the final against Jindal Squash Academy's Laxman Joshi, winning the men's final in straight games, the scoreline reading 11-5, 11-8, 15-13.The women's open final was very excited and upset win for Aishwarya. The young Aishwarya started the match very well, and won the first set 11-6. But defending champion Urvashi came back very strongly and won the second set 11-6.But Aishwarya came back in the game after winning the third set 11-8, but Urvashi put her experienced in the fourth game and won the set 11-8. After winning the two sets both the players started the fifth and decider set in a great fashion.After the 11-11 tie break, Urvashi's errors helped Aishwarya to won the set and final 11-6, 6-11, 11-8, 8-11, 13-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825177", "title": "Desalination project to start soon: Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The proposed ground works for the desalination project would be started soon with the team of officials that is on a study tour to Singapore and Dubai expected to submit a detailed project report shortly, said Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) commissioner, MV Satyannarayana. Interacting with media persons in Visakhapatnam on Sunday, the civic chief expressed hope that the water problems of Vizagites as well as industrial sectors would be resolved soon with the implementation of this project.\"There is a huge gap between demand and supply of water in Vizag. The project team is currently touring Singapore and Dubai and GVMC will soon start the ground works of the project,\" Satyannarayana announced. AP Industrial and Technical Consultancy Organization (APITCO) has been entrusted the task of studying the project in the two countries. The estimated cost of the project is around Rs 800 crore and will help GVMC get nearly 22 million gallons per day (MGD) of water after it comes into implementation, the commissioner said, adding that GVMC is currently facing a water shortage of around 20 MGD. Desalination is nothing but removal of salt (sodium chloride) and other minerals from sea water to make it suitable for human consumption and for industrial purpose. The GVMC is presently in the process of acquiring nearly 100 acres to launch the project.While talking about other development works and future plans of GVMC, he said the corporation had successfully completed 14 projects under JNNURM by spending Rs 752.79 crore against the target of 21 projects at a cost of Rs 2084.76 crore since 2005.The remaining projects would be completed by end of this financial year, he said, while assuring that the Rs 453 crore bus rapid transit system (BRTS) project would be completed by June, 2013. On other hand, the GVMC proposed 14 projects at an estimated cost of Rs 8723 crore under JNNURM Plus including a flyover at Gopalapatnam, construction of 60,000 houses under Rajiv Aawas Yojana (RAY) scheme and development of Lawson's Bay beach at a cost of Rs 13 crore.GVMC chief engineer, B Jayaram Reddy, chief medical officer, PV Ramana Murthy, deputy commissioner (revenue) Somannarayana were present.Key pointsGVMC currently facing 20 MGD water shortage to meet requirements of around 20 lakh peopleDesalination is nothing but removal of salt from sea water and other minerals to make it suitable for human consumption and industrial purpose", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824492", "title": "Film industry to fast against service tax on January 7", "text": "CHENNAI: Movie-goers may want to mark January 7 on their calendar as the theatres in the city are likely to remain shut. Theatre owners have been requested to remain closed as a mark of support to the film fraternity's day-long fast demanding repeal of service tax by the Centre.The Tamil film fraternity will go on a fast protesting against their inclusion in the service has announced that they will go on a fast protesting against the negative-list basedservice tax that was introduced from July 1. Though producers, distributors and exhibitors were kept out of the tax ambit, actors, directors, photographers and choreographers were included. The film fraternity says this move does not help the industry in anyway because the tax is anyway passed on to people who belong in the exempted category - producers, distributors and exhibitors. \"The actor who has to pay the service tax will ask the producer to include it in his salary,\" says R Sarathkumar, actor and the president of the South Indian Film Artistes Association. \"The producer will then pass on the excess cost to the distributor who in-turn will pass it to the exhibitor. There the line gets stuck as he can't charge his movie goers, because tickets prices are controlled by the state government,\" he said.According to the new service tax rule, tax has to be paid immediately after the film is completed. \"Many completed films do not get released and the tax burden is massive ,\" says Sarathkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826085", "title": "Woman dies resisting rape bid, accused held", "text": "JAIPUR: Gory incidents of rape continue to shock the state despite a national outcry following the death of Delhi gang rape victim. In Sikar's Neem Ka Thana area, a man was arrested on Saturday night for attempting to rape his 23-year-old sister-in-law and strangulating her when he failed in the bid. The victim, who had been admitted to SMS Hospital in Jaipur for the past four days, passed away on Saturday night, police said. The accused was in a fit of rage when the victim tried to fight him off and started crying for help to draw attention of neighbours.According to the police, the incident took place at Govindpura village on December 25. The victim, Mamta Devi, was pursuing Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree and had married Shankar Lal about five years ago.The officer said that the accused, Pintu alias Ajay Kumar , is the cousin of her husband. \"It has come up during preliminary investigation that Ajay harassed her a few times in the recent past,\" said a police officer.\"Mamta Devi was alone in the house as her husband Shankar Lal was out for work while her mother-in-law had gone to see a relative,\" a police officer told TOI.The officer added that Ajay had come to visit the victim's mother-in-law. However, when he found the woman alone, he attacked her and tried to rape.\"However, she resisted with all her might. She also started crying for help. It sent Pintu into a fit of rage and he started strangulating her in a fit of rage,\" said the officer.When the blood started coming out of her nose and she became unconscious, Ajay thought that she had died and escaped from there, the officer added.\"The mother-in-law returned home and found her lying on the bed. She raised an alarm following which she was first rushed to a local hospital from where she was referred to SMS Hospital in Jaipur due to her critical condition,\" said the officer.The police could not record the victim's statement as she remained unconscious while battling for life at SMS Hospital for four days.\"However, some neighours had seen Ajay escaping out of the house and preliminary investigation also suggested that a rape attempt was made on the victim. We had been searching for Ajay for the past couple of days. He was traced on Saturday night and arrested. He was hiding at an aunt's house,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824554", "title": "Man booked after wife hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old Bhandup resident was arrested on Saturday on abetment charges after his wife hanged herself to death. Raining punches on the victim, Lekha (23), Jitesh Bharadwaj had told her \"she could kill herself for all he cared\".The two got married in 2010. Unable to bear the regular assaults by Bharadwaj who allegedly kept demanding for dowry, Lekha left him a year ago and stayed with her brother and parents. On Saturday morning, he visited Lekha's brother's home and picked up a fight with her over a CD. \"Bharadwaj beat up Lekha in front of her family at her brother's home. Following that, the victim went up to the mezzanine floor where she ended her life,\" said Bhandup senior inspector S Nadgauda.Bharadwaj was still in the house when Lekha's brother discovered her body hanging from the ceiling, said the police. He handed Bharadwaj over to the police. Victim's mother Aarti Sharma told cops, \"Bharadwaj repeatedly tortured my daughter over dowry and fought with her over petty matters.\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824588", "title": "High and low in Jharkhand's healthcare graph", "text": "RANCHI: The health sector took several strides this year, the most important one being reduction of infant mortality rate, which was much lower than the national average, as per the latest data released by the Sample Registration Survey (SRS). The ambitious programme of making medicines available at prices lower than the market price launched by the department, however, failed miserably.All hope is not lost as in the coming year, 108 emergency ambulance services will start operating in phases and the eagerly awaited Sadar hospital will be laid open to public by mid-June.In 2012, the state was effective in containing the infant mortality rate (IMR) to 39 per 1000 live births which was much lower than the national average of 44 per 1000 live births. \"It's a huge achievement for the state, but we need to bring it down further. For this, routine immunization programmes need to reach each and every child. We are soon going to open some more special care baby units for the newborns. We also need to bring down the maternal mortality rate. To accomplish this task, we are trying to encourage more and more women, specially in villages, to go for institutional delivery,\" said P Chandra, director-in-chief, health.The state's Malnutrition Treatment Centre (MTC) was considered one of the best in the country. Chandra said, \"In some districts, these centres are functioning properly, but in many districts the bed occupancy has yet not reached 100%. A system of waiting list should be put in place so that when one patient is treated, the next in the list is informed immediately. Only then can we say that we have achieved something.\"Of 24 districts in the state, Jamshedpur, Dhanbad and Bokaro boast of Sadar hospitals. \"Of these three districts, we have started working in two. While the Bokaro Sadar hospital is under construction, in Jamshedpur, we have handed over the newly constructed building which will start delivering the health services in a month. In Dhanbad too, we hope to make the hospital functional soon,\" said the director-in-chief.As far as the primary health centres are concerned, they need to be upgraded to community health centres (CHC). For this, the number of beds should be increased from six to 30. \"We will also require more number of doctors and staff for the upgradation. The file for sanctioning the post of doctors has been moved in the department and very soon that will take place. At present, there are only four sanctioned doctors. In Khunti a new building has been provided for the CHC,\" said Chandra.Two trauma centres have been started in Garwha and Baraghora. Specialists have been deputed, Chandra said.While the department made quite a few achievements on some fronts, on other fronts it didn't score too well. The generic medicine stores inaugurated on a large-scale with the hopes of providing medicines at cheaper rates failed to kick off. Most of the medicines are still not available in the stores and there is shortage of stock. A letter has been sent by the principal secretary, K Vidyasagar, to the petroleum and fertilizer department to streamline the generic medicines as soon as possible.The other front where the department has failed is in controlling anaemia. \"We are trying to do our bit with the launch of a new programme called weekly iron and folic supplementation (WIFS) where all boys and girls will be given iron and folic tablets,\" said Chandra. Chandra said, \"The proposal for the enhancement of their salary has been moved in the department and by the next year things will be in process. As far as the question of regularization is concerned, it is also under process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17830537", "title": "iPhone's panorama app gets thumbs up from Apple co-founder", "text": "LONDON: Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has praised a new iPhone app that uses the mobile's vibrate function to create video panoramas.Cycloramic is an iPhone app that uses the vibrate function to steadily rotate the phone while it stands on its end, creating a 360-degree video panorama in the process.Steve Wozniak, who founded Apple with his friend Steve Jobs in the 1970s, made a panorama of his kitchen and said the app was \"unexpected, fanciful and useful all at the same time,\" the Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the app was launched last weekend by Bruno and Rebecca Francois, an Anglo-French couple who live in the US.The app makes the phone vibrate just enough to slowly spin around, as long as the handset is standing upright on a smooth surface.The app, say the developers, works best with the iPhone 5 , which has a different vibration motor compared with previous models.According to the paper, while the app rotates it records video, from either the front or rear-facing camera, and can be set to rotate up to three times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17825364", "title": "2 youths held with 8.5gm heroin", "text": "Police arrested two students with 8.5 grams of heroin near Sector 22, Chandigarh, on Friday night.The accused were identified as Jagraj Singh and Gursharan Singh, 24-year-old residents of Moga, Punjab. Police said Jagraj is a college student in Moga while Gursharan studies at a private institute in Chandigarh.\"The accused were arrested late Friday night at a checkpost near hotel Aroma in Sector 22, while they were going to supply drugs to a client in Sector 18. They came to the city from Moga the same night by a bus and alighted at ISBT-43. From there, they boarded a bus to Sector 22,\" said sub-inspector and investigation officer of the case Ram Rattan.\"We suspected their activities and questioned them. On frisking, we recovered heroin from them. They bought the contraband from a smuggler in Moga. They have many clients in Chandigarh and Mohali, including students living in PG accommodations and visitors of nightclubs and discos,\" Rattan said.The two youth have been booked for criminal conspiracy under various sections of the NDPS Act.They were produced before the duty magistrate and were remanded in two-day police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17829996", "title": "Students spend 60% of classroom time on smartphones: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: Here is a worrisome finding on the ever-growing internet obsession among children. An Israeli study has revealed that high school students spend 60% of their time in the classrooms exchanging social media trivia with each other. Using internet-able smartphones, around 94% of the students in a high school in Israel surfed the internet, accessed social media sites, listened to music, took photos, played games or sent text messages--all during the class hours.Researchers from Haifa University said this disruptive behavior would certainly affect the child's learning experience as well as hasten any teacher's burnout rate.In India, where a sizeable number of the 27 million smartphone users are children, the study should serve as an eye-opener. Last month, a phone company studied phone usage patterns among Indians and found that 30 million out of 69 million urban members of India's 'Generation Z' owning one. Indian tweens spent roughly seven hours a day on mobile phones, televisions and gaming consoles, said the survey. While our schools have largely managed to keep phones out of classrooms, the potential for misuse of smartphones is always there (students manage to smuggle smartphones into classrooms in urban areas).How can parents and school authorities curb this obsession? Restricting the use of phones may not be the best strategy. Teenagers may rebel and the obsession may get worse. In fact, the Israeli study also showed that students in classrooms where the teacher Interestingly, it was also found that in classes with more permissive teachers, cell phone use was lower than in classes where the teacher imposed strict discipline. Behaviour therapy and psychology may clearly be better tools to curb the internet obsession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17824852", "title": "Heightened security may dampen New Year spirits", "text": "RAIPUR: While hotels in metropolitan cities, including Delhi and Mumbai are witnessing lesser bookings for the New Year parties this time because of the sombre mood in wake of 'Nirbhaya's death, low-key celebrations are in the offing in this city too but for all together different reasons.Several of the city's clubs and hotels have put off New Year celebrations as a tribute to the brave heart and the social networking sites are cramped with calls of \"no bashes\". In Chandigarh practically all celebrations have been cancelled including the ones in the government run hotels, a rare but an extremely humane gesture.In Raipur the celebrations are happening but the 'hangover' of the infamous pool party at WC Canyon in August and not the low sentiments relating to the young girl's death is casting its shadow on the festivities. Though the Raipur administration has given permission to 27 hotels and clubs to hold New Year eve parties, the restrictions imposed by them are dampening the spirits of the organizers.In a move typical of a \"college hostel \", as one hotelier described it, the administration has ordered \"lights off\" at 12.30 am, barely half an hour after 2013 rings in, and \"no drinks\" after 11.30 PM, a practically 'dry' entry into the New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825902", "title": "Molestation happens, but few victims go to police", "text": "PUNE: Men who indulge in eve-teasing are everywhere. On college campuses, in shops and eateries and in movie theatres.\"When it comes to eve teasing, the less said the better. I am a swimmer and have won several medals when I was in school. I decided to continue the sport in college but in the first year itself I noticed I was being followed by a group of boys from my college. The group members always passed lewd comments and tried to sit close to me during college programmes,\" a senior college student said.The nuisance continued and finally the student decided to discontinue swimming. \"I had approached the college authorities, complained to the families of those boys, but it did not help,\" said the student whose parents shied away from approaching the police for any help.Many women students maintained that eve-teasing was more frequent in colleges, at stalls, eateries, bus stops and even in theatres. Just a handful of girls and their parents approach college authorities for a solution, and even fewer go to police stations to register complaints against culprits.First year post graduate student Swati Rane felt that a girl's complaint was always treated as a weak person's cry for help. The girls have a right to protection as well as her rights and privacy. \"I was also asked whether I was physically hurt by someone, when I approached to my undergraduate college authorities to report against two students of my college. The question was more shocking. I started ignoring them and for my postgraduate course I changed the college\", she said.Ankita Shelar, second year junior college student, said, \"Sometimes there are some boys in the college who do pass comments that are offensive, but unless it is serious, we do not complain to the redressal cell. But, so far I have not come across anything that needed the attention of college authorities.\"Priyanka Chand, student in third year B.Sc. said, \"We do experience eve teasing in college, but never complained about it anywhere. I think the seriousness of it would decide if it needs to be brought to the attention of anybody, including parents. I feel eve teasing can be tolerated to a certain extent but not beyond a limit. In our college, it happens but nothing very serious.\"A senior officer from a college management said, \"Once the groups of college students are formed, we cannot control them, as they stay together even outside the college as well. Some of them come from influential families. Some of them are found indulging in eve-teasing and sometimes damaging the property of the college as well.\"S L Laxmi, fourth year, medical student said, \"Eve-teasing is more of a nuisance right outside the college gate than within the college. It is mostly at the time of when college gets over that boys wait outside the gate and make objectionable comments. During the first year of medical, I was even followed almost till my house by a couple of men. Action was taken against them when I complained to the vice principal. They were issued a warning and after that they were never seen at the college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17824022", "title": "Two women rescued, pimp held at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two women were rescued and an alleged pimp from Uttar Pradesh arrested by Calangute police on Saturday.PI Nolasco Raposo said that they received information that two women were to be 'delivered' to customers near a hotel in Naikavaddo, Calangute.Following the tip-off, the police laid a trap and took the alleged pimp Rajnish Gupta, 26, a native of Benares, UP, into custody when he arrived with the two women, aged 23 and 26 years.Raposo said the girls from Kolkatta and Mumbai had been brought to Goa on contract and were being paid 2,000 and 9,000 respectively per day by the pimp.The two women have been sent to the protective home at Merces.Gupta has been remanded to police custody till January 6, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17825149", "title": "SP projects back on track, but behind schedule", "text": "VARANASI: With the change of guard in Lucknow in March this year, the dream projects of Samajwadi Party government are back on the priority list of the working agencies. However, the latter are of the opinion that they need a year or two for completion of the projects.During the regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav government, the projects of bridges on Ganga, like Ramnagar-Samneghat and Balua were launched.The projects of two bridges on river Varuna, including Koirajpur-Korauta and Pisaur were also launched during the same period. But when Bahujan Samaj Party came to power in 2008, the priority of working agencies handling these projects were changed. Though work continued on some projects like Ramnagar-Samneghat and Balua bridges, but the pace of work was not sufficient to complete it within the scheduled timeframe.When TOI contacted the UP Bridge Corporation (UPBC) officials, they revealed that 55 percent of the construction of bridge on Ganga to connect Ramnagar-Samneghat has been completed so far.The agency expects that this bridge would be complete by March 2014. However, the process of acquiring land for the approach road, especially on Samneghat side has not been completed so far.The agency claimed that up to 72 percent work of Balua bridge construction had already been completed. But completing this project would also not be possible before March 2014.Only the Koirajpur-Korauta bridge is going to be complete by the end of current financial year.The UPBC officials said that maximum construction work of this bridge is complete and it is expected to be ready for commuting by March 2013.This bridge would connect Varanasi-Lucknow and Varanasi-Allahabad highways. But the completion of Pisaur bridge on river Varuna is still proving to be a distant dream.The UPBC officials said that the main portion of the bridge has already been completed but the project was lingering due to delay in land acquisition for approach road. Until this process is complete, they said completing the project would remain impossible.Apart from these, the UPBC had also forwarded a proposal for the construction of one more bridge to connect Chiraigaon and Ramchandipur. This proposal is lingering as the state government's approval is awaited for it. The proposals of two railway overbridges in Chandauli district had been forwarded to the state government.The state government had also forwarded it to the ministry of railway of government of India to seek its nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "17826153", "title": "In Dholpur, cops tell institutes to end classes by 5 pm for girls' safety", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: In a bizarre move to ensure safety of girls, the Dholpur police on Sunday asked the owners of coaching institutes and private tutorials not to conduct classes after 5 pm.A senior police officer held a meeting with the owners of educational institutes, mainly coaching centres and tutorials, asking them to ensure that classes for girls are held between 8 am and 5 pm. The officer went on to say that the Delhi gangrape incident has shown how girls are unsafe and hence it will be better that girls' movement is restricted after dusk and they are back home by 5 pm.According to the sources, the meeting was convened by circle officer (city) Dasrath Singh. Superintendent of police, Dholpur, Harendra Kumar, said: \"A decision was taken to curtail the timing of girls' classes in institutes. It was taken with the consent of parents and senior citizens of the town, who also agreed to the move,\" he said.District collector K K Singhal said: \"This has been done to ensure safety and security of girls in the town. The police have also taken their parents and coaching institutes in confidence.\"However, the decision has already triggered controversy as a student outfit Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and others termed the decision 'against freedom of girls'.\"I think after the Delhi rape case, the police should rather initiate regular patrolling during evening hours. This is totally against the rights and interests of the girls and is going to curtail their free movement,\" said Aman Goyal, a local ABVP leader.Vikas Sharma of Rajiv Gandhi Computer Rozgar Mission also said that police are trying to escape from their duties. \"Police can't dictate like this. I think it is the duty of the police to provide safety and security to every citizen and they can't say that we don't move after a particular time,\" Sharma added.Despite many attempts, minister of state for home, Virendra Beniwal was unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17829656", "title": "PTU allows direct entry into second semester", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In order to fill vacant engineering and management seats in affiliated colleges, Punjab Technical University (PTU), like some foreign varsities, has allowed direct admission into the second semester. The students can do the first semester later.Those admitted to the second semester directly will attend classes during summer vacations for the first semester and appear for the exam at their convenience.The courses on offer are engineering, Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Master of Computer Applications (MCA).Set up in 1997, the university has nearly 110 colleges under it offering engineering courses and 139 colleges offering management and computer application courses.Classes for first semester courses started in July and those for the second semester are to start in January.However, hundreds of seats remain vacant. The lack of students is due to two reasons: too many colleges and many of them running without proper infrastrucure.In at least six new colleges in Bathinda, Mandi Gobindgarh and Jalandhar districts, only 30 per cent of the seats have been filled, a university official not wanting to be named told IANS.PTU's dean (academics) Buta Singh told IANS that the university had asked all affiliated colleges to admit students directly in the second semester by Jan 22.\"The idea is to fill seats. This system has been adopted by many leading foreign universities,\" he said.To compensate for the first semester, students would attend classes between the second and third semester, he said.\"There will be a flexible approach in taking exams of the first semester,\" a university official said.Buta Singh said PTU was working out the modalities to conduct classes for students, who take direct admission in the second semester at different colleges, at a common campus.\"There are cases where students could not get admission because they had failed in a subject in Class 12 or missed the deadline waiting for results of other universities. Now, such students can avail themselves of this opportunity. If we get good results, we will implement this model in all other courses too,\" Buta Singh said.At PTU, an engineering course is of eight semesters while MCA and MBA courses are of four semesters each.To fill the seats, college officials from Punjab go as far as the northeastern region and Nepal to bring in students, a PTU official told IANS.But the new arrangement has made the colleges with vacant seats happy.\"It is a win-win situation for students and a chance to save a precious year. In these courses, the first semester is not dependent on the second semester. So students will not lose any aspect of studies by directly joining the second semester,\" Anshu Kataria, chairman of the Aryans Group of Colleges, told IANS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "actor rajinikanth was at the high profile book launch of 'chidambaram", "code": "17829203", "title": "Rajinikanth to enter politics or not?", "text": "Actor Rajinikanth was at the high profile book launch of 'Chidambaram: Oru Paarvai', a compilation of speeches by various personalities on Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram recently. The Superstar might or might have not hinted at a entry into politics and only he knows what he meant during his speech.Actor Rajinikanth, who spoke, said Mr. Chidambaram had been asking him why he was not entering politics and his response was \"When I decide to do, it will be in my own unique way.\" The crowd in unison shouted out his famous dialogue from 'Padayappa', \" En Vazhi Thani Vazhi \".Earlier responding to the numerous requests from a cohort of directors, fellow actors and fans urging him to enter politics, Superstar Rajinikanth had laid all their hopes to rest recently during his birthday celebration when he said that he has no plans to float a party or enter politics for a long long time.So one wonders if the superstar is all set to enter politics or was it just a very old conversation that the actor had with the Union Finance Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824409", "title": "1 killed, 1 hurt as Thane yard work throws Central Railway out of gear", "text": "MUMBAI: Chaos reigned on Central Railway (CR)-between Kasara and CST-on Sunday as many suburban trains were either cancelled or delayed due to the 16-hour block for Thane yard remodelling work. As trains ran packed, a youngster died and another man was seriously injured in separate incidents as they fell off locals. Akshay Tayade (17), a Powai resident, fell off a train between Vidyavihar and Ghatkopar stations. He was rushed to hospital but was declared dead. Another commuter, Ramakant Yadav (30), was admitted to a Kurla hospital in a serious condition.Many trains were delayed by more than an hour and frustrated passengers were seen jumping out of trains and walking on tracks to reach their destinations, particularly on routes between Ghatkopar and Thane, Thane and Kalwa and Byculla and CST. With schools closed for Christmas vacations, several families were out with children on Sunday and were majorly inconvenienced. Till late on Sunday, trains were not proceeding beyond Ghatkopar.CR spokesperson A K Singh said commuters had been warned about the 16-hour rail block two days in advance. \"The Thane yard remodelling work was urgently required and we carried it out on a Sunday. We have ensured that there is no problem to office-goers on Monday morning,\" he stated.However, those on a Sunday outing, especially women, children and senior citizens faced a lot of problems as trains arrived packedCommuters on the Harbour line were also affected due to megablocks on the Dn Harbour line between CST and Kurla and on the Up and Dn Harbour lines between Wadala and Bandra stations.Those at Mulund and Bhandup stations waited for trains, especially the Down locals for over half an hour. \"There was chaos at Thane station,\" recalled a passenger. The indicators went blank.Services between Kalyan and Kasara were not running for nearly four hours, in the afternoon. But special shuttle services with conventional coaches (both side diesel engines) ran on the Kalyan-Kasara section, stopping at all stations. The Up suburban trains leaving Kalyan were also diverted on the fast track between Kalyan and Mulund stations.The Western Railway too operated a jumbo block between Mahim and Andheri stations from 11am to 4pm on Sunday and this too led to cancellation of some trains and delays, commuters added. Commuters who were affected by the huge delays in train services on Sunday spilled on the roads, with many opting for buses, autos and taxis for travel. This led to traffic snarls and instances of auto and taxi drivers overcharging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824230", "title": "Nirbhaya shadow over New Year's eve", "text": "NAGPUR: The season's cheer seems to have been lost with the life of Nirbhaya. The city seems set for a subdued New Year's eve as many youngsters don't feel like partying at all. Many hotels and restaurants in the city have seen lower than usual bookings for December 31 night.\"I just don't feel like celebrating after what has happened with that girl in Delhi. It would be downright inhuman to party,\" said Urmi Chakravorty, a lecturer. Every year her family friends celebrate New Year at pool side with a DJ party. \"This year we are doing nothing,\" she said.Parents too have become extra cautious for their girls' safety. \"Till now I used to celebrate New Year's eve with my friends on my own. This year, my parents have told me to stick with my brother and not go to any party without him,\" said Swati Gupta, a student.Radhika Chari's parents also want her to be in large, trustworthy groups during the New Year party. \"Obviously, this incident has affected the way parents feel about our safety. Now, they are more worried. For our part, we will be with our male friends who are protective and make sure we don't hang around outside the party venue on the streets,\" said Radhika.She is also sceptical about people giving up party on 31st. \"I don't know. For many people it has not affected them at some level and for them life will go on and so will the party I guess,\" she said.On similar lines, Swati also said she had got SMSes asking not to celebrate Republic Day and other festivals in coming year. \"Astonishingly none of the messages said anything about celebrating New Year's eve. If people say not to celebrate other festivals, I think they should start with New Year,\" she said.\"People who will party on New Year's Eve are hypocrites. On the one hand they will take part in rallies and on the other they will indulge in celebrations. I, on my part, am not doing anything for the occasion,\" said Anamika Lalwani, another student.Even city restaurants and hotels have seen a dip in number of bookings for New Year celebrations. \"The bookings are lower than usual. I think it has a lot to do with what happened in Delhi. It is indeed sad, and it is looming over the conscience of the people,\" said Umesh Kathal, manager, Zinq.The Pride Hotel has toned downed the celebrations itself. \"Even as the registrations are lower than last year's, we ourselves have reined in the revelries. We feel deeply about what happened and do not think it is sensitive to have a huge bash in such grim atmosphere,\" said Prabir Chaki, food and beverage manager of the hotel.Nagpur is not safe for women. The incidents of eve teasing, chain snatching, and murders are increasing on a large scale. The accused are still not behind bars. The civic authorities are not taking any strict measures to curb these activities. Also, the emergency services are not very good to support the victims. Kalpesh Mopkar, IT employee.It is not about the place but the safety of women depends upon the mentality of the people. I think Nagpur is also not safe for women as the thought process of people is not conducive for women's safety. Cases have happened here too but no action has been taken. Pratik Dhaktod, student.I don't think Nagpur is a very safe city. We hear about cases of girls being harassed even on VIP road which we think is one of the safest places in Nagpur. Police patrolling is also not enough and no action is taken by anybody in such cases. Atharva Gomekar, student.Nagpur is comparatively safe for women. There are many of my hostelite female friends who feel very safe in Nagpur and don't like to go to their home town because they are not respected their by their male friends and relatives. In Nagpur people don't see women as objects they treat women like humans. I hav been in rouble many times and guys have helped me a lot. I think the mindset of Nagpurians is not that filthy. Prutha Mardikar, pvt sector employee.I feel the situation is ok ok. Nagpur is a comparatively safer city for women when compared to other cities. But that does not mean it is perfect. Even if very big incidents don't happen, cases of eve teasing does happen here and they should be curbed. Anup Nair, engineer.Nagpur: Young girls often vent out their anger whenever they are told to be cautious. \"Why girls alone should take care?\" is the retort from most of them. But even if this is unfair, most of whom who advice girls say it is the bane of being a girl in a regressive society which is not developed enough to accept an independent and free woman that girls have to be 'cautious'.\"We might be educated, our girls might be doing well in their careers but in the end we cannot expect the same level of forwardness from everybody else. Such things cannot be predicted and that is why girls are often asked to be cautious,\" said Rumu Chakravorty, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17825599", "title": "Government must ensure healthcare, rehab and justice for each rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Before dying in a Singapore hospital, Delhi's 23-year-old rape victim stirred a billion people with her tragic story. A billion, who had always taken it lying down, told the elected representatives, bureaucrats and police, that their level of tolerance has been breached and a period of accountability has just dawned on India.While fighting for her life, the victim stirred the population to junk their \"chalta hai\" attitude and protested loudly against the traditional apathy of politicians, police and judiciary towards rape victims.The anger and gut-wrenching emotions, which found a vent in the brazen violation of the girl's modesty in a bus while being driven through Delhi's busy streets, had been on the boil for sometime, even though the media, executive, legislature and judiciary failed to sense it.People were angry over the way governments have consciously maintained their studied silence to the most outrageous diktats of khap panchayats. They ranged from what the girls should wear and eat to they should not use mobile phones. Despite the criminal male chauvinism displayed by the khaps, few chief ministers found it necessary to order action against the khap leaders but in an appeasing tone termed them as social organizations!When caste and religious vote banks dictate government's policy and action, the personal safety of individuals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it woman or man \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is of little concern to the authorities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it police, bureaucracy, executive or judiciary.Given the loud public outcry, the police within days arrested all the six accused who were all daily wagers. They got an orchestrated compliment from the Union home secretary for the prompt action.Over 24,000 rape cases were registered across the country in 2011. Given the social stigma attached to a victim, majority do not even file a complaint with police. In how many of these 24,000-odd cases have the police arrested the accused promptly? Would they have registered an FIR and arrested the accused if a rape complaint involved the kith and kin of top politicians, bureaucrats or policemen? Don't we have the case of Odisha top cop's son who jumped parole after being convicted for raping a French national and still absconding?Almost everyone, from Prime Minister downwards, promised prompt action and agreed to examine changes in law. Before television cameras, they displayed how deeply they have been moved by the sexual assault on the girl saying they too had daughters and sisters who could face a similar fate on Delhi roads.The 24,000-odd who were raped and devastated both physically and mentally last year alone too were a daughter, a sister or wife to someone. Many a woman had been paraded naked in remote villages after being branded as witch. Parading a woman naked is as soul-degrading as rape. In some such cases, few were seen taking pictures in their mobile phones of hapless women. Were they arrested and tried in a court of law for extreme depravity and outraging the modesty of the woman along with those who forced her to walk without a stitch of cloth? How many of us bothered to protest at India Gate for those unfortunate girls? It did not touch the sinews of those in corridors of power either because the victims did not live close to Raisina Hills or Race Course Road.Suddenly, there was an avalanche of protest after the Delhi gang-rape incident. It was long overdue. After the growing public anger instilled fear in the hearts of politicians and police, the judiciary too swung into action. It ordered fast tracking of the trial in the Delhi case. For the first time, a commoner's case will get priority in judiciary.The sleepy village of Nithari, on the outskirts of the national Capital, which witnessed serial rapes-cum-murders and even cannibalism did not evoke the kind of outrage that we saw after the December 16 incident. The serial rapes and murders did not stir the government to mull changes in rape laws for those, who were brutalized and killed were the daughters of labourers, domestic helps or rickshaw-pullers. In nearly a dozen of these rape-cum-murder cases, trial is yet to be completed even after six years.Average life of a civil suit is 15 years. But if Ambani brothers fight over division of family assets, the dispute assumes national significance. Even the apex court hears the parties day-to-day for months together. If this is the example set by the apex court, imagine the situation in trial courts?The public outcry, loud protests at India Gate and angry reaction by netizens kept pressure on the government to ensure proper medical assistance to the victim and even airlifting her to Singapore for better treatment. Also by arresting the accused promptly and setting up fast-track courts, the executive and judiciary come together to provide fast relief to the victim.In her death, the victim has set the benchmark for the executive and judiciary. Every rape victim in the country is entitled to the best of healthcare at government's expense. Police must arrest accused, irrespective of who he is and his connections. And the judiciary must fast track every rape case for speedy justice to the victim and society.Justice will be done in the real sense, if the 24,000-odd victims of sexual assault last year, get all this within a month. Then, only one can say that people's voice has been heard by those who matter in executive and judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17830259", "title": "Crew of stranded ship Pratibha Warna gets week's supplies", "text": "CHENNAI: The Seafarers Port Welfare Committee, an organization that works for welfare of sailors in Chennai supplied food and provisions on board stranded vessel Pratibha Warna on Sunday. The supply was partly funded by Lion's Club, Techno City. The vessel has been stranded off Chennai coast since October 7 after the owner and the local agent had stopped supply of provisions.The supplies taken to the vessel on a boat by Sunday afternoon includes vegetables, packaged food items and 25 cans of drinking water.K Sreekumar, inspector of International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) said food items and drinking water supplied on Sunday will help the sailors to survive for one more week. \"As there is no diesel on board, vessel has no lights on board. The owner is not responding to the crew member's requests to restore regular supplies immediately. Fuel on board the vessel is not adequate to maintain safety operations using engine and anchors,\" said Sreekumar, who represents ITF, an international body to ensure justice, rights and welfare of sailors across the world.Mukesh Kumar Parmal, the 26-year-old chief engineer of the ship, who was brought ashore on Sunday after he fell ill, said the communication room in the vessel is also not working as the generators have stopped functioning. \"There are no options to contact Coast Guard also. We now depend on cellphones that are being charged by small battery systems. These are also draining out,\" he said.The dead-oil tanker carries 220 metric tonnes of heavy fuel oil used to sail the ship after engines are started using diesel. Marine experts say, this fuel pose a major threat to the Chennai coastline in case of any accident. There is a scope for the ship to get involved in accident during bad weather as crew cannot control it. The regional meteorological department has already sent out a forecast of more rainfall and bad weather condition within four days.Manoj Joy, a veteran sailor and coordinator of Sailor's Helpline said the government is not bothered of the lives of young sailors on board. \"It is high time for DG Shipping to take action against the owners of several such stranded vessels. More number of such incidents will spoil the goodwill of Indian shipping industry and young sailors who spends several lakhs to become a seafarer in country's reputed shipping institutes,\" he said. Joy demanded the DG Shipping to invoke 'safety and welfare norms for sailors' insisted by the Merchant Shipping Act for vessel owners. \"We should not leave these sailors starve to death or into any kind of inhuman living conditions on board Indian vessels. Wages issues have to be settled immediately and the DG Shipping should intervene in the issue taking charges of criminal negligence against the owner,\" he said.Since the DG Shipping is not invoking penal provisions in the Merchant Shipping Act even after complaints from sailors, owner of the vessel Pratibha Shipping will remain unaccountable for negligence of the vessel. He has already abandoned the vessel with its crew of 29 sailors in the outer seas.Several crew members, who ran out of food and live a troublesome life on board since October had been reluctant to speak about their plight on record as they fear that it would affect their career options.Out of 29 sailors on board the vessel, a sailor who suffered injuries was airlifted by a Coast Guard helicopter on Friday and another sailor was brought ashore on Sunday by ITF.Sailors are also reluctant to abandon the vessel as they find it one of the most gut-wrenching decisions they could take in the profession. \"And it could be fatal too, as the life boats and safety equipment are not operational here,\" said a sailor over phone.Though there was no action has been taken so far, a senior DG Shipping official said the vessel has been already found unseaworthy and unsafe. As DG Shipping fail to intervene, such stranded ships, abandoned by its owners due to trade disputes, have started to become a liability for public sector ports.Another stranded vessel, which belongs to the same company, Pratibha Cauvery was beached Chennai shores on October 31 when Cyclone Nilam hit Chennai. The accident had killed six sailors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823689", "title": "Nirbhaya's cremation spot was kept secret", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not only was Nirbhaya's transfer to a hospital in Singapore a hushed up affair, but even the cremation of 23-year-old was a strategic operation planned behind closed doors.The reason for this secrecy was not divulged by the authorities and the cremation plans were apparently kept a secret till the last moment as intelligence inputs predicted turmoil in the city due to her death.A senior police officer said that a large gathering would have anyway caused problems in maintaining law and order.Nirbhaya's male friend did not turn up at the funeral and even the police refused to brief the media about his whereabouts.Till late evening, confusion prevailed about the location of the cremation ceremony with speculation that it would be held outside Delhi.Once the location was confirmed, cops were on their toes since Saturday evening struggling to keep the cremation ceremony under wraps.A source said that a team of police officers contacted officials of New Indian Education and Cultural Society running a crematorium in southwest Delhi around 10pm on Saturday informing them about the cremation and apparently asked them to arrange for last rites at 6.30am.However, the crematorium manager, Sunil Kumar, told the police team that the rituals could not be conducted before sunrise as per Hindu customs.The cremation was then shifted to 7.30am, an officer said.The locality in which Nirbhaya's house in situated was fortified.Even the rest of the city witnessed heavy presence of security personnel with around 4,000 Delhi Police, Rapid Action Force (RAF) and BSF personnel on their toes the entire night.Two SHOs and an ACP, who had gone there to complete the legal formalities and get the preliminary post mortem report, also taxied down the tarmac in heavy fog around 3.30am from a special aircraft.After the Prime Minister and Sonia Gandhi expressed their condolences to the family, the body was taken amidst heavy security to the victim's house in southwest Delhi.Outside the gate of the cemetery, at least 80 personnel from the RAF were posted to prevent any violence.Around 50 RAF personnel were also present inside the cemetery, an officer said.After the funeral, guided by the priest Vijender Sharma, got over, the police did not take any risk and maintained the security cover and slowly moved them away by late morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17829467", "title": "Delhi records season's lowest temperature; fog affects several flights", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites shivered on Monday morning as the mercury plummeted to the season's lowest.The minimum was recorded at 5.5 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal and down from yesterday's 7.7 degrees.The dense fog that enveloped the city in the morning hours created troubles for commuters.Around 40 flights operating from Indira Gandhi International Airport were either rescheduled or cancelled due to dense fog enveloping the airstrip.Overnight around 16 flights were delayed. Around five flights were cancelled either due to operational reasons or due to poor weather, an airport official said.Fog started to descend on the airport from last night but it started to become dense around 7am, forcing authorities to implement low visibility procedures.Dense fog returned to the capital yesterday after a four-day lull, affecting over 130 flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824759", "title": "CM reviews Buddha Samagam readiness", "text": "PATNA: Preparations for the ensuing three-day International Buddha Samagam is going on a war footing at Buddha Memorial Park here. The meet will open on January 5.Chief minister Nitish Kumar visited the park on Sunday evening and directed the authorities not to leave any stone unturned for making the convention a historic one.The convention will be inaugurated by the Dalai Lama and attended by prominent monks. The CM said a message of peace will go to the world from the international conference.\"Peace is the most important thing in the world today and Lord Buddha preached it throughout his life. Millions of people come to India in search of peace and harmony,\" Nitish said.On January 4, the Dalai Lama will unveil a Buddha statue installed between the two sacred saplings of Bodhi tree, one brought from Bodh Gaya and another from Anuradhapuram in Sri Lanka .Both the saplings had been planted by the Dalai Lama while inaugurating the park in 2010. Nitish said the Dalai Lama would also go to his residence at 1 Anne Marg the same day and offer prayers at the Bodhi sapling which was brought from Bodh Gaya and had been planted by Buddhist monks.The memorial park was built to commemorate the 2550th Mahaparinirvana of Buddha and its stupa was named as Patliputra Karuna Stupa by the Dalai Lama.The believers come to meditate at this stupa and the government has planned to open a museum there to give visitors basic information about Buddha and Buddhism. \"This park has become a 'shanti sthal' (peaceful place)' for the local people,\" the CM said while going around the park.Speaking to media, Nitish said his New Year resolution will remain development with justice and all efforts would be made to resolve all the issues.He said he was extremely shocked over the heinous crime committed against a woman in a running bus in Delhi and the death of the victim.The entire nation is united in this hour of grief and anger. Such crimes could be contained with social awareness and enforcement of laws, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823440", "title": "Unsafe at night: Stares in bus, catcalls on road", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's 10.30pm. The gates of Ambedkar Stadium bus depot are firmly shut. Four people wait at the bus stop outside. Wrapped in woollens, hands buried deep in pockets, they look expectantly in the direction of the oncoming traffic.It feels uneasy waiting there in semi-darkness given that a 23-year-old girl was raped in a moving bus about a fortnight ago. Nothing looks the same under the diffused halogen streetlight. There are no markets, shops or commercial centres around - just the sound of wheels on the long, deserted road, amplified by the night's silence.A man drives by on a motorbike. Taking the pavement instead of the road, he stops to say a leery hello to this reporter before getting on with whatever he was out for. Driving away, the helmet-less head turns around to take another good look. Just like the others walking past in ones and twos are compelled to. Less than a kilometre away, a police van patrols the road.After a long, unsettling wait, bus no. 429 arrives. Bound for south Delhi's Ambedkar Nagar terminal, the bus is empty save for the conductor and the driver.While the government had promised a home guard on the late night buses, there isn't one on board here. \"This is not an official night bus,\" says the driver, \"those start a little later with a zero prefixed to the usual bus route number.\" By now it is 11pm. Not \"night\" enough, it appears.Though it is comforting to have a photographer-colleague travel along for the story (sitting elsewhere through the journey to give the impression of being an independent commuter), it is difficult to banish the recurring thought of what the girl went through even when she wasn't alone.More passengers board ITO onwards.Somewhere on Mathura Road, we are joined by a middle-aged woman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the only other female on the bus. Accompanied by a man, she chats all the way in a UP dialect. The man soon falls asleep, head on her shoulder. It's a short nap. They get off right before the BRT corridor.By now, one row and the entire elevated rear portion of the bus are full. Of men, that is. Hardly any board in groups. Luckily, there is none of the usual brushing past and feeling up experienced even during daytime on buses. But the stares are intense and refuse to waver even on staring back. Female presence in public spaces is a rarity past the Cinderella hour.Several buses with the words \"No Service\" emblazoned across the display board pass by on the other side of the road.They are soon followed by a 0419 - what the driver calls the \"after-hours bus\". \"Vaat lag gayi hai is case ke baad (we've gotten it bad after this case)\" the conductor says, referring to the gang rape. The official news of the victim's death is still a few hours away. \"That bus will do eight rounds and not even make a 100 bucks out of it all. How will it work?\" he asks as the journey comes to an end at Ambedkar Nagar terminal.It's close to midnight now and the dhabas at the bus stop take their last orders of paranthas and bread omelets. Others have begun packing up. Nightriders stop by for a smoke at a stall close by. Not one woman inhabits the space. Stand close to the road and autos slow down on nearing you. Some drive off on gathering you're not looking for a ride. Others want to stop and stare.A bike carrying three men enters the scene. Unhindered by the usual BRT traffic, they can easily slow down to park in a corner. However, they choose to speed towards the lone female figure on the kerb. Right in time, a cab, called for in advance, arrives. Not a moment's thought is spared before jumping right in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17831340", "title": "Tourists flock to Shimla for ice-skating", "text": "Thousands of thrill-seeking tourists thronged Shimla for its well-known ice-skating sports on natural ice.The skating rink attracted hundreds of tourists, children and adults, who have come to enjoy this adventure sport.Members of the ice skating club were also happy that it has become a centre of attraction for a number of tourists during the winters.\"We provide training in figure skating, speed skating, and ice hockey to children. It is all-together a different experience for them. It is a special thing for children in December as they come to spend their vacation and for recreational activities,\" said Bhuvnesh Banga, the Secretary of Ice-Skating Club, Shimla.The tourists said they had a unique experience and thoroughly enjoyed ice-skating on natural ice.\"We are enjoying as this is the South Asia's only open-air natural ice rink. We enjoyed a lot,\" said Prashant, a tourist from Delhi.Every year, the club hosts a special winter carnival, organising ice-hockey and skating competitions and thousands of eager tourists and ice adventure enthusiasts from all over the country participate in this carnival.Founded by the British in 1920, the Ice Skating Club, Shimla, is the only open-air natural ice rink in South Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825418", "title": "Sewer line work on hold due to non-payment of pending bills", "text": "HYDERABAD: Work on a major sewer line between Liberty and Amberpet came to a halt with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) not clearing bills to the tune of Rs 23 crore to contractor since a year. In fact, the Water Board did not even respond when the contractor sent a letter a few days ago threatening to stop work till all dues are cleared.Though a five-km length pipeline work using trenchless technology (micro tunneling) to divert sewage was grounded in 2009, it has not been completed yet. In this technology, the contractor uses tunnel boring machine (TBM) instead of manpower to drill and lay pipeline at a depth of 30 feet. So far, 3.2 km of pipeline has been laid.A duplicate sewer main for was taken up between GHMC office complex (Liberty) and Nimboliadda via Basheerbagh, YMCA X Road, Narayanguda, Kacheguda X Road, Nimboliadda (Chaderghat). The sewer project envisages collection and diversion of dry weather flows from adjoining nalas flowing into the Musi. To transmit dry weather flows to the sewerage treatment plants (STPs) located in Amberpet, the sewer line work was take up by the Water Board, a senior HMWS&SB; projects official told TOI.The Rs 76.85-crore project was entrusted to Vishwa Infrastructure &amp; Services Pvt Ltd. Of the total cost, the Union government would contribute 70%, while the rest has to be borne by the state. \"Work on the remaining 1.8 km length pipeline came to a halt as bills worth Rs 23 crore were not cleared by the Water Board,\" the official said.\"The firm sent a letter to us stating work will be stopped till the dues are paid. The Water Board is not in a position to clear dues due to financial crunch,\" the official replied.When contacted, Vishwa Infrastructure &amp; Services Pvt Ltd chairman and managing director Y Srinivas said \"The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department had issued a GO (MS No. 339) in September to pay Rs 23 crore to us, but so far there is no word from the Water Board. We suspended work since last week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829368", "title": "Rajini and Kamal at book launch", "text": "A book on Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram was released by former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu M Karunanidhi, giving the first copy to P Chidambaram's mother Lakshmi Aachi. Superstar Rajinikanth and Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan were present along with former chief minister M Karunanidhi on the stage together.Kamal Hasan said he had the right to believe Chidambaram would scale further heights from being a Finance Minister. \"I hope he gets to play a bigger role.\" Speakers including actor Kamal Hasan and renowned Tamil lyricist Vairamuthu, said Chidambaram fitted the bill to play a bigger role.Chidambaram sat in the front row among the audience and did not speak at the function where Karunanidhi released the book titled ' Chidambaram: Oru Paarvai ', a compilation of speeches by various personalities about the Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17824950", "title": "Govt agencies adopt different yardsticks for rape victims?", "text": "GAYA: Does profile of the victim and place of occurrence matter the most in cases of heinous crime or the society is equally concerned about the crime against women? If two rape cases in Gaya district are taken as case study, it seems true that a victim belonging to underprivileged section of the society keeps crying for justice which eludes her for months and years altogether.A Japanese tourist was gang-raped near Bodh Gaya on April 16, 2010. A month later, three of the accused were awarded life term after the 'speedy trial'. All the legal formalities like framing of charges and examining the witnesses were completed within a month.A class XII student belonging to the underprivileged section was allegedly gang-raped and a case had been registered with Paraiya police station in Gaya district more than three months back. First, the FIR was not registered for several days and the wheels of justice started moving only after unprecedented protest and street violence that took one life and caused injury to nearly two dozen persons, including cops.After the street violence, speedy trial of the case was promised. But, as on date, the 'speedy trial' has yet to begin. Are the government agencies proactive in the case of foreigners and indifferent to the village victims of a similar assault?Has it also something to do with the social profile of the culprits as well, asks social activist SB Bhaskar. In the Bodh Gaya gang rape case, the culprits did not belong to a socially privileged section, while in the case of Paraiya, the victim came from the underprivileged group while the accused are favourably placed vis a vis their social profile. A rape victim is a rape victim, irrespective of nationality and colour of skins, says Bhaskar.In any case, except for the Bodh Gaya case, the other rape victims of the district have never got it easy. In the much publicized Khanetu rape case, even the medical report was allegedly doctored leading to much hue and cry and the constitution of a medical board.Again, during the trial of a rape case that took place in Paraiya police station area about two decades back, the victim's brother was jailed for not responding to apparently embarrassing questions asked by the defence lawyers. The punishment to victim's brother led to virtual confrontation between the public prosecutor and an additional district judge (ADJ).Asked about the apparent delay in the 'speedy trial' of the Paraiya gang rape case, SSP Vinay Kumar said that a request for speedy trial had already been made to the court and the response was awaited. He will see to it that justice in the case was done at the earliest. All the accused of the case have been arrested and chargesheet in the case has been submitted, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824305", "title": "Civic poll loss, gang rape hit Sheila hard", "text": "With the assembly polls due in 2013, Sheila Dikshit's Delhi government spent all of 2012 wooing the aam admi. The drive started with Rs 9,796 crore being sanctioned for social sector in the budget, followed by a promise to deliver the much-delayed promise of regularizing around 1,600 unauthorized colonies and an image-building exercise through subsidy schemes like Kerosene-Free Delhi and Annshree Yojna. But the government's credibility came under cloud following the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus on December 16.Though the CM tried to put the onus on Delhi Police by saying it comes under the Union home ministry, the capital's residents held her government equally responsible for repeatedly failing to make the city safe for women.The year began well for Dikshit with her attempt to trifurcate MCD for better governance receiving the Centre's nod. Her party, Congress, however, failed to win even one corporation in the April polls.The debacle prompted Dikshit to prod her MLAs to reach out to the masses and focus on image building. Under the Kerosene Free Delhi scheme, the families living below poverty line were promised a gas burner, gas connection and cylinders free of cost. Then the government organized a public event to allot the first few hundreds of over 9,000 flats built for the economically weaker section and lying vacant in areas like Bawana and Narela. The same flats were, however, given to slum-dwellers as a rehabilitation package prior to the 2008 assembly polls.2012 also saw a mid-year declaration of regularization of 895 unauthorized colonies. Many of these colonies were issued provisional regularization certificates in the run-up to the 2008 polls with an assurance of speedy regularization. But many gaps remain in the quick-fix notification issued in September and residents still await ownership rights and civic amenities.The Delhi cabinet was also rearranged with a major reshuffle of portfolios in the latter half of the year. Urban development minister A K Walia, who had had a difference of opinion with the CM over the regularization scheme, was replaced with Arvinder Singh. Walia is now left with health.Despite several controversies, Dikshit's role in the 2013 elections was sealed at the Congress maha rally at Ramlila Maidan in November, where AICC general secretary Rahul Gandh's praised the city's development under the CM. UPA chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were also present at the event that showcased the welfare schemes and measures adopted by the central and Delhi governments.The last show of strength of the year was the launch of the cash-for-food scheme by Sonia Gandhi amid much fanfare. The scheme pledges a monthly food subsidy of Rs 600 for vulnerable households. However, the government's attempt to end the year on good note was marred by the mass outrage and the sense of insecurity in the capital following the gang rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829962", "title": "'Inkaar' spends Rs. 2 crore on 'official' survey", "text": "The makers of Inkaar have commissioned a huge research across India to find out sexual behavior in office environment.The film Inkaar starring Chitrangda Singh and Arjun Rampal deals with the controversial topic that resonates with everyone who works in an office. Going by the theme of the film, producer Vaicom 18 has asked the biggest research agency to conduct a survey on the behavioral pattern of colleagues in office.\"Since most executives spend around 10-12 hours of a day in office it is very natural for them to strike up friendships and get into relationships in office which could subsequently lead to complications\", says a source associated with the film. So the research posed hard hitting questions to both male and female respondents. \"The questions ranged from 'sexual promiscuity' to 'do they use their gender to get promotions' to 'is it easy for guys when they have a female boss'\".Apparently Vaicom 18 is spending around 2 crores for the survey that was conducted across six metros including Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Calcutta, Pune and Chandigarh.Usually researches or surveys are conducted by companies or channels for year along performance assessment but never for an individual movie. So this survey done by Inkaar is a first of kind.The official spokesperson of Vaicom 18 confirms, \"We have initiated a very big survey. It is an expensive affair however with the results it throws up it is worth it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824449", "title": "Gujarat's crime against women", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is like adding insult to injury. Barbaric acts against women seem to be nobody's business in Gujarat. This apathy is amply reflected in the neglect of mahila police stations and women protection committees in the state.The tragedy with mahila police stations and defunct women protection committees in Gujarat is that the state machinery considers them a rudimentary concept. No wonder, instead of lodging FIRs, many such police stations are reduced to just being arbitration centers. One reason is that the state government believes women are safe in Gujarat. This thinking results into institutions meant to ensure women safety receiving step-motherly treatment.Rajkot got its first mahila police station only when its first ever women police commissioner Geeta Johri took charge in 2010. In Surat city, the lone mahila police station does not lodge FIRs and victim are directed to concerned area police stations, which sometimes becomes embarrassing for women when they have to narrate the incident.In Ahmedabad, assistant commissioner of police Nirlipt Rai had to put a board outside the lone mahila police station in the city, declaring that the police station was not an \"arbitration center\". Rai insisted that women officers there lodge FIRs against tormentors.These are just some highlights of the state of affairs at mahila police stations in the four most populous cities of Gujarat.In June, the crime investigation department (CID) of state police reminded the home department of reviving women protection committees, which were lying defunct for a decade. This body was meant to look into cases of women harassment in work places, rape, dowry and any other forms of violence. Apart from this, the committees are supposed to provide women legal aid.Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot, each had such a committee. In all, there were 17 of these across Gujarat but all remained rudderless. The committees are headed by the CID department officers of Gujarat police's women cell. The Ahmedabad committee head office has just one officer and one peon.\"Many times we have felt that women don't know where to go when something wrong happens to them. Our first effort besides strengthening our mahila police station is to organize awareness drives in schools, colleges, and work places. We are working on it right now,\" says a crime branch official.\"The aim of committees was to form a bridge between the victim and the police. In cases of domestic violence, sexual harassment, dowry cases, its more to do with mental trauma than the physical hurt. There are able counselors in the committees and they help lodge FIRs for the victims. Many victims have complained of being ill treated at police stations,\" says a senior CID (crime) official.City police try to revive helplineShowing first signs of movement, the Ahmedabad city police are revitalizing its women helpline 1091. Senior cops are in talks with mobile service providers for an easy access to the helpline through cellphones too. The number till date could only be dialed from a landline phone. An all-women quick reaction team has been set up to reach out to any woman in distress.A woman PSI in each station of AhmedabadThe city police here have put on the fast track the process of appointing a woman probationary sub-inspector in every police station. A senior police officer told TOI that many of the newly-recruited women PSIs have a inclination of starting initiatives and it is this enthusiasm that they wish to tap. There are a total of 210 women police officers in the city - which is also the sanctioned strength.But even as these initiatives are being taken, a mention of mahila police station in the city is not out os place. This year the mahila police station in Karanj has registered only 120 FIRs despite receiving several complaints. There are 10 to 15 male policemen at this station. \"Most cases we receive are related to domestic violence and reach a compromise soon as women approach us in a fit of rage. We explain to them the consequences and seek the complainants' permission to lodge an FIR,\" says a senior police official.However, the number of complaints received in 2009-10 stood at 5,000. Only 200 of these actually translated to FIRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17832326", "title": "What will drive IT Inc's growth in 2013", "text": "PUNE: The coming year will prove to be an inflection point for the Indian information technology industry as players will have to seek new ways to approach their business niches in the light of increased stress on economic resources, rising customer expectations and democratisation of technology through proliferation of telecom devices.An innovation-led approach resulting in greater customer benefit will come to the forefront, as customer-facing sectors such as automobile, retail or healthcare will seek novel ways to reach their end-use customers in 2013, experts have observed.Globalisation and market expansion advisory firm Zinnov has said 'regeneration' will be the next growth frontier for captive centres in India, as it is getting exponentially difficult to derive further efficiencies in the current form and manner of setting up captive centres. For the last seven to eight years, the captive centres of large BFSI and retail players as well as some large engineering R&D; captive centres have been delivering a wide range of services. But the only way to derive further efficiencies is by outsourcing to a partner.Service providers are out on a shopping spree and a viable captive centre is something that will interest them. Given that the economic pressures are expected to continue into 2013, divesting a portion of a mature captive operation that commands a good premium could also be a definite booster to the financial statements, Zinnov has said.According to the firm, there will be a spike in engineering R&D; and overall solutioning demand for affordable products - especially in housing, cars, medical devices and internet mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. \"With shrinking wallets and increasing budget cuts all around, customer choices across both the developed and emerging markets are likely to shift to function over form. Service providers can now channelise frugal engineering, open source capabilities and predictive analytics to create compelling industry-specific solutions,\" Zinnov has said.Big Data and analytics are changing how traditional companies serve their customers and are opening up great possibilities for the future. Zinnov chief executive officer Pari Natarajan said, \"Today the Indian technology industry is at an inflection point where innovation must have transformative rather than incremental impact. The Indian technology ecosystem has matured to a point where multinational organisations across verticals are looking to leverage our knowledge, skill sets and capabilities in new technologies and frugal engineering. In 2013, service providers can capitalise on this interest with customised, affordable product offerings, while multinationals will look at developing differentiated, technology-enabled products that address local problems.\"Andrew Till, senior vice-president of smartphones and consumer electronics, Symphony Teleca, said, \"The new year will see a fundamental reshaping in the way commercial software and software-related products are built and deployed in a rapidly merging environment of the cloud, mobility and analytics. Software manufacturers will move towards verticalisation, building software for niche segments and specialised application areas. The Indian economy is irrevocably shifting from services to product engineering, with near field communication and mobilisation leading the trend.\"Symphony Teleca has predicted major shifts in the market in 2013, such as computing becoming task-centric, increased emphasis on voice recognition enablement technologies, consumers demanding federated control of their identities across platforms and devices and growth in the number of consumers using their mobile devices to perform impulse or opportunity-driven purchases.According to the firm's report, there will be continued growth in use of tablets in the enterprise and more enterprise apps would be developed for tablets in particular. \"Companies will start to consider the devices and technologies necessary for increased collaboration, where employees can not only access material via the tablet but can also use it as a mutual working station,\" the report has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824601", "title": "2012 ends, but some officers yet to disclose assets acquired in 2011", "text": "CHENNAI: With just one day left for curtains to come down on 2012, there are 47 IAS officers and 125 IPS officers across the country who have not submitted their property returns for the year 2011 as on December 26.Odisha tops the list with six of its IAS officers on the defaulters list, while Uttar Pradesh tops the list of such errant IPS officers with 19 of them on the list.Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh have 5 IAS officers each on the defaulter list followed by Haryana and Uttarakhand with 4 each. Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal have 3 officers each on the list.Tamil Nadu has two officers-K Ashok Vardhan Shetty and Rakesh Kumar Yadav- on the list. But both the officers are not in service with Shetty seeking voluntary retirement and the Madras high court on August 27 ordering the government to relieve him immediately. The name of Rakesh Kumar Yadav, a 1991 batch officer, who resigned in 2008, also appears every year in the list of defaulters.Of the three IAS officials from Andhra Pradesh, one is accused in the scam involving Karnataka-based Gali brothers, Karunakara Reddy and Janardhan Reddy. She is on bail till January 1 to undergo treatment. She has been ordered to surrender on January 1, 2013. Recently, the officer sought permission to undergo treatment in the Christian Medical College hospital, Vellore.One official from Karnataka, who is on deputation to Centre, has not filed the return.It is compulsory for all IAS and IPS officers to submit immovable property returns every year by January 31 in accordance with the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, 1968. It has to include details of immovable property owned by the official and acquired during the year. It was only in 2010 that the Centre decided to put all the details on the website. According to the rules, officers who do not submit returns can be denied vigilance clearance and be overlooked for promotion and empanelment to senior level. As per estimates, there are over 4,000 IAS officers working in various central and state government departments.On the IPS defaulter list, after Uttar Pradesh, Bihar has 11 officers followed by Maharashtra, Jharkhand, Rajasthan and Karnataka with 10 each. Kerala and Madhya Pradesh have 7 officials on the list. Tamil Nadu is the only state which has no official on the list.Defaulting IAS and IPS officials have time only till December 31 and after that they have one month to update their property returns for 2012. They also need to file details for the previous year, informed sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830778", "title": "Ronnie Wood feels blessed by marriage", "text": "Ronnie Wood and his new wife Sally Humphreys looked the picture of happiness as they posed in an elegant shoot for Hello! magazine on their wedding day just over a week ago.And it seems to be a case of third time lucky for the 65-year-old rocker when it comes to marriage, with the Rolling Stones star admitting he wished he had met Sally, 34, years ago.\"It was a wonderful day. She looked beautiful walking through that doorway. I feel very blessed to have a new family. My dad and brothers are no longer with us so it's really nice to be welcomed by a new gang. Her relatives are lovely,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying in an exclusive interview with Hello!\"I wish I'd met Sal earlier. I can't think of another girl more suited to me,\" he added.The couple posed alongside best men Rod Stewart and Sir Paul McCartney , as well as Sally's seven-year-old niece, Heather, for the photoshoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828841", "title": "Bizarre New Year celebrations in the world", "text": "We take a look at some of the oddest New Year celebrations from around the worldGermany and Austria Germans and Austrians celebrate the New Year with 'lead pouring', a tradition in which molten lead is 'read' like tea leaves. A small amount of lead is melted in a tablespoon and then poured into a bowl or bucket of water. The resulting pattern is interpreted to predict the coming year. For instance, if the lead forms a ball, that means luck will roll your way. The shape of an anchor means you will eventually need help, while a cross signifies death.Denmark A strange Danish New Year tradition is throwing dishes at your neighbour's door. The family with the largest collection of broken plates, glasses, cups and other crockery is considered to be lucky because it means that they have lots of loyal friends.Spain Las doce uvas de la buena suerte, or the 12 grapes of good luck, is a Spanish tradition. At the stroke of midnight, Spaniards eat one grape for each chime. Each grape is supposed to represent good luck for each month of the coming year. After all the intense partying, Spaniards wake up to a traditional winter breakfast of hot chocolate and pastries.Chile After the New Year's mass in Talca, Chile, residents head to the graveyard , set up their chairs and wait for the stroke of midnight to celebrate the New Year with those no longer with us.Mexico Residents of Brazil, Mexico, Bolivia and other South American states welcome the New Year by wearing colorful underwear - mainly red or yellow - past midnight to catch good luck for the coming year. Yellow underwear is for those who desire wealth and prosperity; red is for those seeking love in the new year.Greece Greeks bake the traditional cake Vasilopita on New Year's Day. Inside the cake is a coin or some other prize. The Vasilopita is then cut into slices and given to everyone in the house in order, from oldest to youngest. Whoever ends up with the coin in their piece is supposed to have good luck and prosperity in the coming year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17828362", "title": "2012: Game changers", "text": "In a year of \"policy-paralysis\", some ministers still tried to push the envelope and made a difference. We recognize their effort.P CHIDAMBARAM : As finance minister , he took steps to clean up the taxation system and rolled back several of the \"draconian measures\" which were announced by the previous dispensation. He also took measures to control widening subsidies, while backing moves to end the logjam of pending projects to jumpstart industrial growth.NANDAN NILEKANI : He weaved through political minefields to roll out unique identity or Aadhar numbers to about 60 crore Indians. Experts have called the UID scheme a game changer which will have huge impact on the country's economy and the manner in which public services are accessed. It will also provide for targeted subsidies.AMBIKA SONI : As Information &amp; Broadcasting minister, she stood out for her low key but effective stewardship of the sector. She believed in self-regulation by the media and refused to give in to pressures for harsher laws. Policy-wise too, she bit the bullet on digital addressable system ( DAS)- which if implemented rightly, will lower carriage fees for TV channels - even as she fought for fairer policies for the cash-strapped radio sector.JAIRAM RAMESH : The firebrand has worked tirelessly to push the agenda for rural housing programme. He has brought centre stage the issue of hygiene and sanitation while pushing for policies to ensure toilets for citizens. Has pushed for the Food Security Bill which wasn't cleared even as we ring out the old yearANAND SHARMA : Facing stiff opposition to opening up of the multi-brand retail sector, Sharma worked tirelessly with several groups including political parties to convince them to let the government open up the sector to foreign retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825755", "title": "Two minors raped in UP in last 2 days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two days after the Delhi bus gang rape victim breathed her last, crime against women continued unabated in Uttar Pradesh. Two minors were held hostages and raped in Sultanpur and Bareilly districts of the state. Elsewhere, miscreants threw acid on two women in Muzaffarnagar, a doctor tried to rape a patient in Bijnore, a housewife was allegedly molested by her neighbor in Bhadohi while an eight-month pregnant housewife was murdered allegedly by her husband in Bijnore. All incidents have been reported to the police over the past 48 hours on Sunday evening.A teenaged minor girl was allegedly kidnapped on December 14, by miscreants from Dharauli village in Sultanpur district of Uttar Pradesh while she was on her way to school. She reached home after escaping from the clutches of the abductors on Saturday and narrated the events that happened during the fortnight as she was held hostage. The family lodged an FIR against three persons in connection with the incident.Though police were suspicious the victim may have consented to accompany any or all the accused initially and later been held captive and raped, the girl was a minor and her consent had no significance in the eyes of law. Police have registered a rape case against one Raju while his aides Basantlal and Shahabuddin have been charged for criminal conspiracy to rape. The accused were yet to be arrested as they were said to be absconding since the incident came to light.In a somewhat similar sequence of events reported from Cantonment police circle of Bareilly early Sunday morning, an 11-year-old student of class of class VI at a local school went missing after she left home for school on December 27. After she failed to reach home by evening, her family launched a search. After two days of extensive search, the family came to know that she was last spotted with a youth in the farm field besides the road in the vicinity of the village. After six hours of extensively searching the area, the girl was found gagged and her hands and legs were tied up. The girl was rescued after which she told her family that after she reached school in the morning on December 27, 2012 she came to know that the school has closed because of the sudden drop in temperature.Usually she returned home with a batch of their students who live in the neighborhood but since the school closure was announced in the morning itself, she was returning all alone when a youth kidnapped her. Apart from being repeatedly raped, the girl was left behind bushes in the farm for two days and two nights under the open winter sky before she was rescued.On the basis of description of the accused provided by the victim and locals of the area where she was held hostage, her family managed to nab one of the accused identified as Prem Singh of Babhiya village under Cantonment police station of Bareilly. The village is situated close to the hamlet where the girl lives.In Muzaffarnagar, two women suffered severe burn injuries as masked motorcycle-borne youths threw acid on them in the middle of a busy market place under Kotwali police station of the district. The women, identified later as Usha and Gopi, were rushed to the district hospital where the doctors attending them referred Usha to Meerut after her condition began to deteriorate. The condition of the other girl was stable. Usha had reportedly suffered 60% burns on her face, neck shoulders and upper abdomen while Gopi suffered 45% burns mainly on her neck, face and shoulder.Police said initial investigations revealed the accused were being followed by two other youths on another motorcycle and their informer network provided them clues that could lead to the arrest of the other duo.In Bhadohi, a 21-year-old dalit woman was molested by her neighbor in Gopiganj locality. On her complaint, police arrested Ram Sajeevan (25) alias Baba. In Jhansi, a case was lodged with the Bardagaon police station against the doctor of a private clinic in which he was accused of a rape attempt. The complainant, a housewife, said she had visited the doctor for treatment along with two of her family members which the doctor tried to outrage her modesty. Police said investigations were underway into the complaint and action will be initiated against the accused on the basis of the inquiry findings.In Bijnore, a pregnant woman was allegedly murdered on Saturday evening. Police have detained the woman's husband who was in the car with the victim when the incident took place. The victim had suffered sharp-edged injury wounds on her neck which resulted in her death.Her husband initially claimed he was driving his wife Hemlata (23) to her parent's house on Nurpur Marg in the city when they were attacked by miscreants, but police were not convinced and suspected that her husband Arvind murdered her. During sustained interrogation Arvind broke down and confessed to his crime. He told police he had married Hemlata in February but was fed-up with the routine marital disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17829673", "title": "Shutdown in Valley to protest Pulwama firing", "text": "SRINAGAR: Life across the Kashmir Valley was partially affected by the separatist shutdown call on Monday to protest last week's firing by security forces on protesters in Pulwama town, although private transport and essential services functioned normally, eyewitnesses said.Shops, other business establishments and public transport remained closed in both the old-city and uptown areas here.Government offices, banks, post-offices and essential services like hospitals, water supplies and electricity, however, functioned normally.The shutdown call evoked greater response in the south Kashmir areas of the Valley.While Pulwama town, where the firing took place December 28, remained curfew-bound for the fourth consecutive day, life was adversely affected in Anantnag, Kulgam and Shopian districts.The Kashmir Bar Association has also supported the shutdown and decided to boycott the courts.Both the hardline and the moderate Hurriyat groups headed by Syed Ali Geelani and Mirwaiz Umar Farooq have called for a shutdown to protest the security forces' firing in Pulwama.Seven people were injured in retaliatory action by the security forces against a stone-pelting mob. The mob had attacked an ambulance carrying security personnel injured in a gunfight with the militants in Babgam village of Pulwama district in which two guerrillas of the Lashkar-e-Taiba outfit were killed.Doctors in Pulwama had referred the seven injured for treatment to Srinagar hospitals. A doctor had confirmed to IANS that all had reported bullet injuries.The state government has ordered a probe into the incident by the additional district magistrate of Pulwama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17828620", "title": "Sonia Gandhi not to celebrate New Year in view of gang-rape incident", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi will not be celebrating the New Year in view of the gang-rape incident in the national capital.\"Sonia Gandhi has appealed to partymen and well-wishers against coming to her to extend New Year greetings in the wake of gang-rape incident,\" party general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi said here on Monday.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Gandhi were present at the airport when the mortal remains of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim were flown in here on Sunday morning from Singapore where she was shifted from Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital for treatment. She died in Singapore's Mount Elizebeth Hospital on Saturday morning.Both Singh and Gandhi had spoken to the family members and consoled them.\"December 28 is close to New Year. Normally, we wish each other but not so this time as our thoughts are with the young woman...,\" she had told reporters on the 127th Foundation Day of Congress at AICC headquarters here on Friday.Gandhi has sought speedy action against the perpetrators of the \"barbarous\" attack on the girl who was brutally raped and assaulted in a moving bus on December 16 in South Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825276", "title": "Many in no mood to party", "text": "LUDHIANA: New Year's eve in the city will have a sombre air. With the Delhi gang rape haunting the public psyche, not many are in the mood for full scale celebrations. Gurvinder Singh Sodhi, a resident of Nirmal Singh Nagar in Dugri and secretary of the district bar association, said, \"The Delhi incident is a wound which is yet to heal. We have decided to steer clear of the festivities. It just does not feel right.\"Sodhi said his family members, including his mother and extended family agree that celebrations should be given a miss. \"My wife Simran supported me in the decision. My brother and sister-in-law also agree with me,\" he said.Many residents feel no one should celebrate till the law enforcement agencies make it safe for women to move around freely. One example is the Bhatia family in Urban Estate, Dugri Phase II, who have decided to stay home on New Year's eve.Bhatia family of Urban Estate, Dugri Phase II, have decided to stay home on New Year's eve.Kanwar Singh, a businessman with two daughters, said, \"Me and my wife Amar have decided not to celebrate New Year this time. We will stay home with our children. The Delhi incident has really shocked us and we hope something is done to make the country safe for girls.\"Tavinder Singh, a builder and resident of BRS Nagar said, \"Enough is enough. Things have gone very bad and the damage needs to be reversed. I and my wife have decided to stay away from celebrations to pray for the departed soul.\" According to Tavinder, unrestrained public drinking leads to problems and should be checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17832098", "title": "More birds sighted this year at Odisha park", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 81,000 migratory and resident birds were sighted in Odisha's Bhitarkanika National Park this season, an official said Monday.This was up against last year's 52,242 birds.At least 111 bird species were seen in the park, divisional forest officer Manoj Kumar Mohapatra told IANS.The annual bird census in the park in Kendrapada, about 170 km from the state capital Bhubaneswar, was conducted by 11 teams Dec 26.The major highlight of the exercise was that as many as 36,000 black-tailed godwits were spotted. The enumerators also saw a rare group of birds they have not identified.The other prominent species that have made the park their winter home include Brahmini duck and bar-headed geese, Mohapatra said.The Bhitarkanika park, also a wildlife sanctuary, is home to over 200 species of birds, including 98 varieties of migratory birds.The sanctuary is widely known as the world's largest rookery of Olive Ridley sea turtles.Every year, more than a million migratory birds from places as far as Siberia and Iraq flock to various sites in Odisha in October, spending the winter here before returning in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832191", "title": "Anita Raj is open to doing television!", "text": "Yesteryear's actress Anita Raj is open to doing roles on the small screen!The actress, who was last seen in Bollywood film Chaar Din Ki Chandni was recently offered a role of Satyavati in Siddharth Kumar Tewary's Mahabharat for Star Plus.However, sources said the deal fell through as the role did not drive her to be on the sets of a mythological saga and also because she was demanding a huge sum of money owing to her body of work. It remains to be seen which project makes her stage a comeback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824287", "title": "South East Central Railway to launch mobile ticketing van soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of South East Central Railway (SECR) will introduce a mobile ticketing van for the convenience of passengers. Now passengers will not have to go to the railway station and stand in the queue for a long time to book advance tickets.Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar said the van has been allotted to Nagpur division under the Mushkil Aasan scheme introduced in the railway budget. \"The van will be introduced in the service of people before March,\" Kumar said.The SrDCM said SECR has identified 10-12 places in Nagpur division where this van, equipped with PRS, will deliver tickets. Preparations have been done to implement the plan.According to Praveen Dabli, divisional railway users consultative committee (DRUCC) member, in the first stage nearly 50 vans across India are being used and these are connected and run through satellite so that both the reserved and unreserved tickets are issued to passengers.\"The basic idea is that poor people who have to come a long way to railway stations utilize these services,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM) S L Verma. Addressing the third DRUCC meeting on Saturday, he said the division is working on starting Jan Sadharan ticket booking counters at 44 places in the division.DRUCC members demanded to start a new train between Itwari and Howrah and stoppages of Gondia-Mumbai Vidarbha Express at Kamptee and Bilaspur-Pune Express at Bhandara.Among the other demands include change in timings of Nagpur-Bilaspur Shivnath Express, increasing height of platforms of stations between Gondia and Chanda Fort, attaching pantry car to Maharashtra Express and 3AC coach to Nagpur-Tatanagar Passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "burdwan (wb)", "code": "17829547", "title": "Fire in Burdwan's Central market, no injury reported", "text": "BURDWAN (WB): A major fire broke out at a market in the heart of this headquarter town of Burdwan district on Monday, fire brigade sources said.The fire was noticed at about 10.30am in the four-storied Central market near Tinkonia bus stand on the Grand Trunk Road.However, no casualty or injury was reported, the sources said.Four fire tenders were trying to control the blaze which was originated probably from a godown of sports goods at the ground floor.Personnel of the civil defence and the police have cordoned off the area which was engulfed by thick smoke.Locals, who complained that the fire brigade people arrived late, tried to block district magistrate Omkar Singh Meena's vehicle but he controlled the situation quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825268", "title": "Telugu Desam Party's decision on Telangana angers Samaikhya students", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Student leaders of various Samaikhyandhra JACs in the city attacked the TDP and its president N Chandrababu Naidu for what they called their changed stance on the Telangana issue and betrayal of the united Andhra cause. While some burnt the effigy of Naidu, few other students barged into the TDP party office here and attempted to put up a 'To-Let' signboard but were thwarted by the party activists present in the premises.The TDP incurred the Samaikhyandhra students' JACs wrath after it made it clear at the all-party meeting held in New Delhi on December 28 that it had no objection to the division of the state. A large number of various student JACs, predominantly from Andhra University, expressed shock over what they termed the volte face by the TDP leadership with regard to Telangana. Suresh Menon, a PhD scholar from Andhra University and a member of the Samaikhyandhra students JAC, noted: \"Though the party leadership claims that they have done nothing wrong, it is obvious that the TDP has proved itself to be an opportunistic party. How can they say that they would stick to the Union government's decision and take part in the Telangana bandh when the Union government is still mulling over taking a decision on granting Telangana.\"Criticising the ambivalent tone of the TDP in general, Adari Kishore Kumar , convener of the Samaikhyandhra students JAC, said: \"The cat on the wall attitude displayed by the TDP leadership does not justify the stature of the party and its leadership. By advocating the cause for a separate Telangana, Naidu and his party have belittled the sentiments of all those who wish to live in united Andhra Pradesh.\" Kishore added that instead of taking on the Kiran Kumar Reddy government for its complete lack of governance in both Telangana and Seemandhra areas, the TDP is trying to play it safe. Kishore alleged that a firm stand on united Andhra Pradesh would have won the TDP chief the love and affection for the people of Andhra Pradesh, and warned that the sudden change of heart would not help the TDP in making any forays in the Telangana vote bank.However, TDP leaders said there has been no change in the party's stance. Objecting to the tone taken by the Samaikhyandhra students JAC, senior TDP leader Ayyanna Patrudu said: \"Our stand is absolutely clear. We do not want the state to suffer. During the last four years, we have had no investments or development in the state mainly due to the Telangana movement, which has only gained momentum in the last few years. Though as an individual, the bifurcation of the state would sadden me, if this is what the Union government wants, why should we stand in the way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17824924", "title": "Saurashtra shivers, 3 die of cold", "text": "RAJKOT: Saurashtra is moaning under piercing cold that has left at least three dead. Saurashtra's commercial capital Rajkot, Kandla and Bhuj shivered at 10 degrees Celsius, the lowest minimum temperature recorded at 8.30 am on Sunday, according to India Meteorological Department (IMD).\"On Saturday, night temperatures fell in parts of central Saurashtra but increased in north Gujarat,\" said an IMD official.Chilly winds blowing throughout the day have forced people to stay indoors. Roads, especially in the night, are completely deserted and groups warming themselves up near bonfires are a common sight these days. Most popular hang out places like Race Course and others, which usually remain open till midnight, are seeing thin crowd these days.\"In many parts of Saurashtra, the temperatures were appreciably below normal,\" the official said.Weather officials forecast a fall in night temperature during the next 24 hours ending Monday night. Sky will be mainly sunny and minimum temperature will be around 11 degree Celsius.\"The cold wave conditions would continue to prevail in parts of the state during the next 24 hours,\" said a weather official.According to sources, two beggars\u00e2\u20ac\u201done in Bhavnagar and one in Talaja died due to extreme cold on Friday night. Sources said that the former was 50 years old and he was found dead on Saturday morning near Jashonath Chowk circle in Bhavnagar. The identity of the deceased is yet to be established.On December 25, a 25-year-old died due to cold in Jetpur town of Rajkot district. Ajay Boghra, 25, a resident of Champrajpur village was found dead near a paan kiosk in Bokhla Darwaja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826190", "title": "Man arrested for sexually exploiting girl for over 6 months", "text": "JAIPUR: Nahargarh police on Sunday arrested a man on charges of sexually exploiting a 25-year-old woman for six months. The man who had lured the victim into coming to Jaipur from her native place in Bikaner on the pretext of getting her a job was untraceable for the past one month since an FIR was registered against him. However, police tricked him into coming to Govind Devi Ji temple early on Sunday morning and arrested him.According to SHO, Nahargarh police station, the accused, identified as Pradeep Soni, belongs to Bikaner town and lived in a rented accommodation in Brahmpuri area.\"He worked as a gem stone expert. He brought the woman from Bikaner about six months ago saying that he would get her a job. He started sexually exploiting her,\" the officer said.The woman registered an FIR against Soni on November 23. \"We had been searching him for the past one month after recording the statement of the woman. He was found neither at his native place in Bikaner nor in Jaipur,\" the officer said.\"On Saturday. Soni called up the woman and said he wanted to meet her. She immediately informed the police. Acting on the police's instructions, she asked the man to come to the Govind Devi Ji temple around 5 am on Sunday,\" the officer added.As soon as Soni reached the temple, a police team waiting for him took him into custody and brought him to the Nahargarh police station.\"We have booked him under Section 376 of the IPC. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17826409", "title": "Researchers identify artist in oldest Koodiyattam photo", "text": "THRISSUR: Researchers have identified the artist and venue of a Koodiyattam performance conducted over 100 years ago and the photograph of which was carried in a book - The Cochin Tribes and Castes - by L K Ananthakrishna Iyer, considered as one of the oldest photographs of the art form.The centenary of the book falls in 2012. Researchers P K Sreejith and Dr V Sreekanth have identified Mani Damodara Chakyar -- uncle of renowned Koodiyattam artist Mani Madhava Chakyar - as the artiste and Mukha Mandapam in Sree Ramaswami Temple, Triprayar, as the venue. They have claimed that the attire of Damodara Chakyar in the photograph was that of Lord Hanuman in 'Anguliyamkam' performance.Sreejith is an official with the Sidco unit in Palakkad while Sreekanth is a research fellow with Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai.Sreejith said they had contacted several temples to identify the artist and the venue. \"The photo was taken from near the sreekovil and the work of flowers on the wall proves that it was taken at the Sree Rama Swami temple,\" he said. Sreekanth said they had been studying the photo for a year. \"Our first task was to identify the venue. Artistes from only Mani family perform Koodiyattam at the Mukha Mandapam. This will be the oldest known Koodiyattam photograph.\" There are no details about the photograph in the book published by Higginbotham's &amp; Co in London for the government of Cochin in 1912.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17830877", "title": "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West expecting baby", "text": "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West , who have been dating since April, may have a baby on the way.Reports of the pregnancy swirled after West evidently slipped the news to concertgoers during a Sunday show in Atlantic City .According to Justjared.com, the 31-year-old reality star's reps confirmed the news, the New York Post reported.Her family later took to Twitter to express their excitement about the pregnancy.Kardashian's step-sister, Kendall Jenner , asked her followers if they were excited about the KimYe baby, while mom Kris Jenner wrote \"I'm a happy girl! Wowza!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17824018", "title": "Road accidents claim two lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old woman who was travelling with her husband on a bike was killed after a speeding dumper hit their bike on Modi Mill flyover on Sunday afternoon, police said.The deceased was identified as Jyoti. Her husband Harcharan Singh suffered minor injuries. The errant driver, Kunj Kumar (30) who hails from Jaunpur, has been arrested.In the second incident, Mohd Humer, a resident of Daryaganj, was mowed down by a cluster bus on Sunday afternoon on CV Raman Road near CRRI Colony on Ring Road. The deceased, Humer, a BA first year student, was riding his bike to college, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17824986", "title": "4 of family killed in accident", "text": "AMBALA: Four members of a Delhi-based family, including two kids, died in a road accident when their car rammed a stationary truck parked on the roadside on NH-1 near Devi Nagar village near Ambala on Sunday afternoon. The family belonged to Loha Mandi in Naraina in Delhi and was on its way to Amritsar. All the car occupants died on the spot.The dead couple has been identified as Sachin Gupta, 40, and his wife Rakhi, 32. The names of their children are not known, a police officer said. The victims' relatives have been informed about the accident. Sachin was into iron business and was going to meet his in-laws in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17825777", "title": "Trinamool Congress leader hurt in clash with CPM", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A Trinamool Congress leader was injured on Sunday after a clash broke out between CPM and Trinamool supporters at Bhangamali village under Kukurjan gram panchayat. CPM cadres alleged that members of the rival party set their party office on fire. Police have arrested four persons in connection with the violence.CPM supporters alleged Jalpaiguri MP Mahendra Roy was holding a meeting at the Bhangamali party office when some Trinamool men barged into the office and forced them to leave. \"This led to a feud and soon 300 Trinamool supporters arrived at the spot and ransacked the CPM party office. They also set our office ablaze,\" said Roy.However, Trinamool men said their leader Mossaraf Hussein was passing by the CPM party office when he was attacked by some cadres. Hussein was ruthlessly beaten up and his vehicle ransacked.\"It was then that locals beat up CPM cadres and when the latter fled, they set the party office on fire,\" claimed Raiganj MLA Khageswar Roy.Police have posted a picket in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824337", "title": "Civic body to recommend changes in Maharashtra Municipal Corporation Act", "text": "NAGPUR: There are many flaws in the Maharashtra Municipal Corporation (MMC) Act, which recently replaced the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act, 1948, said mayor Anil Sole, adding that the civic body will recommend the state government to make some changes in it.On Saturday, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), in collaboration with All India Institute of Local Self-Government (AIILSG) had organized a workshop-cum-seminar for corporators on the provisions in repealed CNC Act and the MMC Act. Of the 145 corporators, 106 attended the workshop. Among those who remained absent included leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre and many other senior corporators.During the workshop, many corporators raised queries about their powers in the new act.Briefing about the flaws in the BPMC act, which was enforced from December 5, 2012,Sole later told media that as per the new act, a mayor cannot keep a file pending for clearance for more than 90 days. \"Else, it will be deemed sanctioned. Similarly, for the standing committee the period for clearing a file is 45 days, while there is no explanation regarding clearance of files at the level of municipal commissioner,\" he said, adding, \"What action should be taken if the officer fails to clear the file for a long time?\"As per the new act, civic body will have to abolish all the advisory committees like octroi committee, hospital committee etc. Now it can have committees like special committee, ad hoc committee (to be formed for any inquiry), transport committee and joint committee (to maintain better coordination between NMC and any other government agencies like NIT).Sole, however, appreciated many clauses of the act. Now, the civic chief will have to seek permission from the standing committee members before going on leave. Now, even 62% corporators can move a no-trust motion against the municipal commissioner. Earlier, consent of 75% corporators was needed for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17829568", "title": "Transparency, diplomacy ensures security of supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a product to continue to enjoy a high sense of customer confidence, especially in the case of products that risk extinction or deficit owing to the limits of natural means or nuances of contractual arrangements, there should be a level of security of supply.The security of supply of natural gas is often defined as the guarantee that all the gas volumes, demanded by non-interruptible consumers will continue to be available at a reasonable price. It is primarily a concept of physical availability of the gas more than anything else affected also by contractual arrangements. Consumers may opt to relinquish their security of supply and willingly risk not getting the gas when required especially when it comes to those having options. The rights of interruptible or non-priority customers' rights need to be defined on a contractual basis.Also, the issue of security is closely associated with price. Gas has to be made available and at a 'reasonable' price - not at any price. If there is no restriction or ceiling on the movement of price, the issue of security of supply disappears. However, nation and regulating authorities will need to examine whether it's feasible to permit prices move in order to restrict demand and allocate scarce supplies. In old economies where very little disruption was experienced, monopolists could claim that they guaranteed the security of supply backed by the experience of decades of service to the public. However it has been noticed that price fluctuations themselves pose a threat to security particularly in respect to crude oil. In the case of crude oil, the risk of physical shortages is minimal and any tightness of supplies would immediately be reflected in prices. With Gas, however, things are way different. It has different logistics, different pricing mechanisms, etc.In 2003, a Directorate-General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN) memo \"The Internal Energy Market - Improving the Security of Energy Supplies - Gas and Oil Stocks\", read: \"The European gas industry has so far been effective in ensuring security of supply. In the new internal gas market, however, there will no longer be a single player to assume this responsibility. It is therefore uncertain whether gas suppliers will give priority to security of supply. In the past, old monopolists could decide how much security they intended to provide and did entail a little precautionary investment owing to their prowess of passing the cost onto the final consumer. The consumer wasn't asked how much security s/he wanted or was ready to pay for it.Following the negative performance witnessed with Airlines and the Railways, there is the fear that new consumers will hitch a 'free-ride' on the security provided by suppliers and the competition may elbow operators to play down security and instead prioritise cost cutting.That security could be privatised in some form by offering contracts to customers with variable guarantees of security of supply; also, letting them decide on the quantum and cost of security is an option yet to be examined. Usually, the issue of security is one that's perceived as the 'State's job' which isn't quite all true. Like, in the case of gas, there aspects that only governments can address; the possibility of utilizing contractual instruments to come to a more precise and satisfactory definition of the required minimum security could be examined.A household customer will not be able to derive the exact quantum of his/her security requirement. And, in case of a fully liberalised market where all a customer can choose his/her supplier independent of the level of consumption, the small consumer will be offered a choice among a set of standard contract formulae: it will be up to the regulator to make sure that these contracts incorporate the minimum security that the customer presumably requires. The issue of security of supply has been brought to the fore due to market liberalisation and obtained best through appropriate diplomacy which is perceived as far more effective than other instruments. There is a real threat that the dependence of gas supplies may influence the foreign policy of the importing country much on the lines of export or foreign investment promotion. Diplomacy, as history has stood testimony, the most effective tool to guarantee gas supplies.The state and regulators will have to lay down standards for the market to withstand security eventualities; of 'reasonable likelihood' at 'reasonable cost' to market players and consumers. There should be absolute transparency with regard to which events fall within the security framework - i.e. are considered 'likely' involving costs which are considered 'reasonable' and which groups of market players - network owners/operators, shippers, suppliers, traders and customers - should bear what percentage of the costs of the required responses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826106", "title": "Minor raped with mother's consent, 2 held", "text": "JAIPUR: A 16-year old girl was raped by the paramour of her mother in Chomu area in Jaipur district. The police were shocked to find that the minor was raped with the consent of her mother. On the basis of the victim's complaint, police arrested the man and her mother on Sunday.According to the police, the victim, a resident of Samod area, was staying with her mother and the latter's paramour Omprakash alias Goma Yadav.\"The girl's mother had separated from her husband for the past one year. She and her daughter were staying with Omprakash in Samod area,\" said a police officer.The girl's biological father who lives in nearby Rajarampura village approached the police with the girl on Saturday saying that she was being raped by Omprakash.\"The girl says that she had been raped several times over the past one year by Omprakash. He was drunk when he raped her for the first time. Her mother gave her consent to the rapes, so Omprakash became bolder and used to beat up the girl when she would resist,\" the officer said.He added that the girl escaped after being raped a couple of days ago and reached his father.\"The girl narrated to the father what Omprakash has been doing. He brought the girl to the police station. We have recorded her statement and a medical examination was also conducted,\" the officer said.The woman was arrested under Section 120B of IPC for criminal conspiracy, while Omprakash was booked under Section 376 of IPC for raping the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17824066", "title": "Assam chief minister condoles death of gang-rape victim", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday condoled the death of Nirbhaya, the 23-year-old Delhi gang-rape victim, who died at a hospital in Singapore on Saturday. Gogoi also pressed for stringent laws for the protection of women.The chief minister not only endorsed the idea of setting up fast track courts for quick response to crime against woman, but also pressed for massive changes in laws for women's safety.\"It's a matter of huge concern that crime against women is increasing in Assam too. Incidents like the GS road molestation and stripping of an Adivasi woman in Beltola here are an eye opener. I want every rapist and molester to be dealt with severely,\" Gogoi said.He added, \"We want changes in laws, police investigations and in the mindsets of people. We have already dealt with the GS molestation case in a fast track court here. Cases involving crime against women should be dealt with utmost priority everywhere. Besides, both formal and informal education must teach people to respect women.\"Citing his government's vision for an inclusive development of both genders in the state, Gogoi said his government is going to continue with the same agenda in the coming days too.\"Almost half of the state's population is women and our government is focusing on ensuring growth and safety to women. We have also reserved 50 per cent seats for women in the ensuing panchayat polls. Our government wants the fairer sex to excel in all sectors,\" said the chief minister on the sideline of the release of Congress' manifesto for the ensuing panchayat polls in the state.During the same function, the All India Mahila Congress suggested that the state government set up a control room for distressed women and also ensure that women can register rape cases at any police station, irrespective of its jurisdiction, according to a victim's proximity to the station. Meanwhile, AGP president Prafulla Mahanta pressed for amendments in laws and the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825640", "title": "Another rape-in-bus bid alleged, now in Baghpat", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a virtual rerun of the Delhi bus gang rape case, a girl passenger was allegedly molested by the bus conductor on board a mini bus in Baghpat at day time and in the presence of other passengers. When she raised an alarm, the accused assaulted her and started to push her off the moving bus. It was only when elder sister of the victim begged for mercy that she was spared. Enraged over what had happened, the elder sister of the victim called up the family who in turn intercepted the bus in Bardaut. When the enraged family questioned the conductor about his indecent behavior a free for all ensued as the accused was joined by his aides onboard the bus. Police reached the site but arrested two members of the victim's family while the bus conductor was allowed to go scot-free.When questioned about the incident, senior officials first feigned ignorance about any such occurrence under their jurisdiction in Baghpat, but when the entire sequence of events was narrated to them the deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Bardaut invited the family to meet him on Sunday morning. But, no action was reported against the accused who manhandled the girl, till late Sunday evening.The incident took place when a girl and her elder sister boarded a bus from Aasara in Baghpat to reach Bardaut. The moment the bus rolled out of the terminal, the conductor on duty allegedly began to misbehave with the younger of the two sisters. A few associates of the bus conductor, also onboard, joined the accused. When the young girl objected to their conduct, she was manhandled. It was only when the accused tried to push her off the speeding bus that the victim's sister begged them for mercy and the miscreants relented.Subsequently, the girls called up their family in Nai Basti locality of Bardaut. The family intercepted the bus near the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) building about a kilometer before the Bardaut bus stop. When the girl's family questioned the bus conductor and his associates about their conduct, a free for all ensued and the two sides indulged in exchange of blows. The dazed victim, who was yet to come out of the shock that she had suffered on way to Bardaut, was apparently knocked off her senses.Cops at a nearby police picket arrived at the scene and arrested two members of the victim's family on the complaint of the bus conductor who was identified later as Dharmendra who also accused them of robbing him during the brawl. Despite repeated requests from the arrested accused and other members of the family, police refused to initiate any action.About a couple of hours later, the victim's family reached Kotwali Bardaut with the unconscious girl to seek action against the bus conductor but in vain. When approached, in charge of the Kotwali police station inspector Rajendra Singh Yadav confirmed the family brought the unconscious girl to the police station and were asked to first get medical help for the victim and then get back to the police.Circle Officer (CO) Bardaut, deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Afiq Ahmed said an inquiry is underway into allegations leveled by the girl and action will be initiated on the basis of what results of the inquiry. No action whatsoever was initiated against the bus conductor till late Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17824452", "title": "HC comes to rescue of dalit woman", "text": "CHENNAI: Marriage to a Christian or visiting a church regularly cannot be a reason to deny a dalit woman the benefits that the state gives members of the community, including employment under the SC category, the Madras high court has held.A division bench comprising Justices Chitra Venkataraman and R Karuppiah, passing orders on a writ petition of A Jothimani, said: \"She belongs to the Hindu adi dravidar community and got married to a Christian. In the absence of any evidence that she has in fact converted to Christianity, the mere fact of her marriage to a Christian by itself would not be grounds to hold that she loses her status as Hindu adi dravidar.\"As for the contention that she visits churches regularly, the bench said: \"We do not understand how visiting church per se would result in the conversion from one religion to another... The constitution recognises the freedom to practice any religion. Visiting places of worship is a matter of individual choice.\"Jothimani, a dalit, married D Manuel, an adi dravidar who was a Christian. The woman did not convert to Christianity after marriage. In 2003, she was appointed as a junior assistant on consolidated pay to fill a temporary vacancy in the state government rolls.She later wrote a special examination conducted by the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission regularise her job. Since the Tamil Nadu Public Services Commission insisted on a community certificate from her father's place of birth instead of her own place of birth, Jothimani applied for a fresh community certificate from the zonal deputy tahsildar in Bhavani.In his report on August 1, 2008, the revenue inspector held that she was of Christian adi dravidar community, which meant she would be eligible for backward class (BC) benefits and not those meant for dalits. Though she explained to a state appointed anthropologist and a district-level vigilance committee that she had remained a Hindu after her marriage and had not been baptized, the committee rejected her claim and issued a BC certificate to her on December 26, 2011.Rejecting the official stand, the judges said the inquiry merely revealed that Jothimani observed rituals of Christianity and nowhere stated that she had embraced Christianity. \"We do not think the claim of the committee, that Jothimani is not entitled to a Hindu adi dravidar community certificate, can be accepted,\" they said, directing the authorities give her SC certificate immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824159", "title": "As mercury dips, winter ailments on rise", "text": "RANCHI: With the dip in mercury for the last couple of days, increase in winter ailments is on the rise. Be it cold and cough, chest pain or cases of arthritis , more and more patients suffering from these diseases are being admitted to the hospital. Among children, cases of diarrhea and pneumonia are reported.Sadar hospital and Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) are getting maximum number of such cases. Vidyapati, associate professor of RIMS said: \"These days there is a rush of patients complaining of cough, cold and sore throat. These diseases are common in winters but it has doubled this time round. Most of these cases are reported at the OPD section of the hospital. Many also complain of arthritis. They have joint pains during winter and 10% of such cases are reported.\"Cardiologists suggest that elderly people stay away from being hit by the cold wind as they are most vulnerable to suffer from cardiac problems. \"It is during winter that the elderly need to be careful about their health as they are most prone to heart attacks and strokes. Some of the common symptoms are chest pain associated with perspiration and lack of consciousness. Cases of heart attack and stroke has seen a 20% rise in the hospitals,\" said cardiologist of Sadar hospital Vijay Kumar Singh.The biting cold doesn't spare children either. Pediatrist of Rani Children Hospital Rajesh Kumar said: \"The sudden change in temperature has seen children down with problems such as vomiting and loose motion. Around 80% of such cases have been reported in the hospitals. With the onset of winter such cases were reported but since the last few days they have increased considerably. The only solution is that they should not be exposed to cold and should stay covered all the time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17823531", "title": "Keep off use of power in night for irrigation, farmers told", "text": "UJJAIN: Water works committee of Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC) has asked residents of 12 villages on Gambhir River bed to keep power off in night to prevent illegal pumping for irrigation purpose.Patrolling boat squads caught motors in day time, but farmers indulge in lifting water in nights, said committee head Prakash Sharma. The district administration has already imposed restrictions reserving the water only for potable purposes.Now, revenue and policemen would also join patrolling squad of the public health engineering department to act against offenders. Gambhir dam is the lone supply source for over five lakh-odd population of Ujjain city. Collector B M Sharma had banned use of dam water for irrigation or industrial purposes a month ago under the MP Payjal Parirakshan Adhiniyam with an aim to ensuring potable water till next rains.The dam was filled to its capacity of 2250 Mcft (million cubic feet) in the last rainy season. Approximately, 4 Mcft water is consumed daily for piped supplies to the city, but figure showed a decline of average 8 Mcft water daily as the storage level had come down to 1430 Mcft by Saturday.Farmers in the vicinity of 20 km long river bed of Gambhir were reportedly drawing water through motors. The illegal pumping is well managed to the extent that pipelines are also laid below the ground level to evade action by the government authorities.The PHED teams have been patrolling in motorboat to search for illegal pumping and even succeeded in seizing around 40 motors in the past one month, but not even a single culprit could be traced or booked.Joining of revenue and policemen with the squad is expected to result in more effective action against the erring farmers. Sharma said citizens could have to face water crisis in summer if restrictions are not imposed effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824274", "title": "National book fair from January 5", "text": "NAGPUR: The seventh national book fair in the city, which will be organized at Kasturchand Park from January 5 to 13, has received overwhelming response from the participating publishers and distributors.A total of 170 stalls would have books of various genres including fiction, non-fiction, history, autobiography, technical, spiritual, philosophy, classic literature etc. A large number of stalls would be dedicated to literature in regional languages like Bengali, Hindi, Marathi, Urdu etc.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur National Book Fair are jointly organizing this fair, which will be inaugurated by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and renowned science writer Mohan Apte at 4.30pm on January 5.Mayor Anil Sole will preside over the programme while, regional director of Bank of Maharashtra , Nandkumar Pujari and project coordinator of Raman Science Centre Shrikant Pathak will be the special guests. The book fair will remain open for public from 1pm to 9.30pm.Publishers and distributors from Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore, Lucknow, Mumbai, Pune, Solapur, Hatras, Hyderabad, Varanasi will participate in the fair. A cultural programme will also be organized during the nine days of the fair. Ravindra Shobhane will deliver lecture on 'Author SN Pendse' at 6.30pm on January 5.Besides free parking, entry to the exhibition is also free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17832237", "title": "Justin Bieber on vacation for New Year's eve", "text": "Teen singing sensation Justin Bieber jetted off for a vacation to usher in the New Year.He spent Christmas away from girlfriend Selena Gomez , but the two are now said to be together for the New Year celebrations, reports aceshowbiz.\"Time for a little relaxation,\" Bieber recently tweeted, without mentioning where he is heading for.\"Chillin with friends on vacation,\" he added.Bieber later posted pictures of his shirtless self hanging out in a sunny place with exotic trees in the background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17825332", "title": "No dress code for party-goers due to cold wave", "text": "KANPUR: Theme parties and dress codes, popular at the city's major spots for New Year celebrations, are the latest victim of the biting cold prevailing in the city over the past fortnight.With no signs of the cold wave receding and just one day to go for the revelries, many party organizers have decided not to impose any dress code on the party-goers.The change has been made especially in the case of open-air or bonfire parties.\"Last year, we organized a monster theme party on New Year's eve in the open ground of our restaurant, but the biting cold forced people to stay indoors. The visitors also left the party midway due to the cold. This time, there is no dress code for anyone, so that people can enjoy the party to the fullest,\" said an owner of a restaurant in Vijay Nagar.Sunidhi and Mayank, a couple running an open air restaurant in Kidwai Nagar areas also expressed similar views. \"Imposing dress codes on people also puts extra burden to our customers' pockets. At times, they avoid the parties due to the same reason. Hence, no dress code for our customers this year,\" said Sunidhi.\"I purchased new sarees just for New Year celebrations consecutively for the past three years. This year, my club members first announced a dress code which would have required that I buy a new saree again, so I was thinking of not going to the party. Suddenly, they cancelled the dress code which made me and several others alike happy,\" said Swati, an IT employee.Meanwhile, the city's hotels and restaurants have also announced lucrative offers to attract people. Many hotels have come up with special games, menus and decorations for visitors on the eve of New Year.Sanjay Singh, food and beverage manager of a renowned hotel in Swaroop Nagar informed that a theme party will be organized at his hotel this year.He also said that special couple passes will be given out this year.Moreover, there are several musical parties scheduled at clubs as well. The city's malls will be holding fun games with RJs of famous FM channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825782", "title": "Out of business, buses clog Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: They create trouble when they ply. They create more trouble when they don't.A large number of buses have gone off the road following the government's denial to raise fare complying with the demand of the unions. But this has led to the government grappling with yet another problem that has left the city gasping for breath over the months. Out of business, these buses now remain parked on major thoroughfares and arterial roads, thus eating into whatever precious road space the city is left with.In Kolkata, none of the private operators, who finds it unviable to run these fuel-guzzling buses without a fare hike, has garage space for their vehicles. It has been a tradition to park buses on the thoroughfares at night. But after the \"insufficient\" fare hike, operators now keep their vehicles parked throughout the day, thus reducing the vehicular speed drastically.\"We are having a harrowing time in managing traffic during peak hours as vehicles are taking more time to disperse. We have told operators to take the buses away from the main roads. But if they park these buses on other roads, which are narrower, roads get clogged entirely,\" said deputy commissioner (traffic) Dilip Adak.Omnibuses, which were bought under the JNNURM scheme, are lengthier by 3 metre compared to average private buses. They are also wider than normal buses. This makes on-road parking a real problem. \"If we allow such big buses to park on the road, almost an entire lane gets occupied. The problem could not be felt so acutely hitherto as they used to keep plying during day-time. But now, most of these buses remain parked throughout the day,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Moreover, the operators' decision not to run buses has severely affected the public transport system in the city. \"It is now back to square one. The JNNURM buses that are still plying belong to the state transport PSUs. But these buses are poorly maintained, so the jarring ride of commuters continues in Kolkata,\" said Bus Commuters' Association secretary Sadananda Bagol.\"We had no other option but to abandon these fuel-guzzlers. We are anyway bleeding because of the insufficient fare hike after diesel price rose by almost Rs 6. Unless the government makes an upward revision (of fare) immediately, we just cannot run these buses. Majority of the bus operators have also defaulted to the banks because of non-viability of operations,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.Banerjee added that they had earlier made an appeal to accommodate their buses at state transport depots' unutilized space. The issue was raised when the government had first proposed to bring these buses replacing the pre-'93 buses. \"Former transport minister Subhas Chakraborty told us that he would try to accommodate these buses at state garages. In fact, he had said that accommodating them at state garage won't be a problem since 50% of the finance to buy these buses was funded by the government,\" he reminisced.But nothing has moved since then. The transport PSUs raised objection, pointing out security concerns. The conductors and drivers of these buses keep changing, they had argued. The private operators had suggested the government to issue identity card to the operators of these buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824558", "title": "Mass to reflect pain over rape victim's death", "text": "MUMBAI: Midnight mass on New Year's Eve will reflect the pain that the nation feels at the passing away of the Delhi gangrape victim. Parish priests across Catholic churches will be mindful to hold out hope in Jesus Christ's message of peace, joy and love amid growing frustration over women's security in India.Fr Ronald Devar of St Pius Church, Mulund, says, \"The grave exploitation of women, whether it be rape, female infanticide or dowry killings, is a sign of deep-rooted prejudice. It shows a mindset that reeks of discrimination. The rape victim who lost her life was a victim of barbaric cruelty and violence.\"He adds, \"The Prophet Isaiah said in the Old Testament, 'The people who have walked in darkness have seen a new light'. As the new year dawns, we citizens need to see things in a new light and change our attitude instead of merely paying lip service to the cause.\"Fr Simon Britto of St Ignatius Church, opposite Musafirkhana, will remind people of the glory of womanhood by holding up the example of Mother Mary. \"She is a role model in this, the Year of Faith, for she brought forth the miracle that is Jesus,\" he says.The priest does not fail to link his message with the ongoing attacks against women in India.\"I touched upon the issue at Christmas as well. Our women must be free to chart their course in life without having to look over their shoulders at all times. Our parish itself has more women than men and their attendance is markedly high as well,\" Fr Simon says. St Ignatius is the smallest parish in Mumbai, with merely 130 people, half of them native Kolis.In Colaba, the Roman Catholic or R C Church has a \"small congregation of 700\" but the faithful do arrive for midnight mass on New Year's Eve. Fr Andrew Sequeira says that the mass will this time be held indoors at midnight.\"I have a simple message for the people. Follow the path of Jesus and you cannot go wrong,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17825482", "title": "Experts warn of massive quakes in Himalayas", "text": "SINGAPORE: In what can have huge implications for countries like India, scientists have warned of massive earthquakes of the magnitude 8 to 8.5 on the Richter scale in the Himalayas , especially in areas with their surface yet to be broken by a temblor.A research team led by Nanyang Technological University (NTU) in Singapore has discovered that powerful earthquakes have left clear ground scars in the central Himalayas. This ground-breaking discovery has huge implications for the area along the front of the Himalayan Mountains, given that the region has a population density similar to that of New York City, researchers said in a statement.Paul Tapponnier, a leading neotectonics scientist, said that the existence of such devastating quakes in the past means that quakes of the same magnitude could happen again in the region in future, especially in areas which have yet to have their surface broken by a temblor.The study showed that in 1255 and 1934, two great earthquakes ruptured the surface of the earth in the Himalayas. This runs contrary to what scientists previously thought.Tapponnier said that by combining new high resolution imagery and state of the art dating techniques, they could show that the 1934 earthquake did indeed rupture the surface over a length of more than 150 km, essentially south of the part of the range that harbours Mount Everest.This break formed along the main fault in Nepal that currently marks the boundary between the Indian and Asian tectonic plates - the Main Frontal Thrust fault.Using radiocarbon dating of offset river sediments and collapsed hill-slope deposits, the researchers managed to separate several episodes of tectonic movement on this major fault and pin the dates of the two quakes, about seven centuries apart.Massive earthquakes are not unknown in the Himalayas, as quakes in 1897, 1905, 1934 and 1950 all had magnitudes between 7.8 and 8.9 on the Richter scale, each causing tremendous damage. But they were previously thought not to have broken the earth's surface - classified as blind quakes - which are much more difficult to track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13841126", "title": "Odia cinema started with talkies", "text": "Unlike other industries, Odia cinema started straightaway with talkies instead of silent films.The first Odia talkie, Sita Bibaha, was made by Mohan Sunder Deb Goswami in 1936.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17829423", "title": "Natural gas cleanest, least harmful fossil fuel", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's, by far, among the most important source of energy that helps reduce pollution and maintain a clean and healthy environment. Domestically abundant, natural gas is perceived as a secure source of energy, besides offering a host of environmental benefits over other energy sources such as fossil fuels.As compared to counterparts by the Environmental Protection Agency a little time back, natural gas has emerged the cleanest of them all. Comprising primarily methane, natural gas releases mostly carbon dioxide and water vapour posing, arguably, the least risk to the environment. On the other hand, coal and oil that comprise complex molecules with higher carbon ratio and higher nitrogen and sulfur contents tend to release higher levels of harmful emissions. The emissions include a higher ratio of carbon emissions, nitrogen oxides (NOx) and sulphur dioxide (SO2).Pertinently, pollutants emitted from the combustion of fossil fuels in the United States have led to the development of several environmental problems. Concurrently, natural gas, emitting fewer harmful chemicals into the atmosphere can greatly help to lesson some environmental issues.The surge in greenhouse gases is expected to hike temperatures around the world increasing in several disastrous, environmental effects. Global warming , as the phenomenon is widely known is a reality that stares humans in the face. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), in its 'Fourth Assessment Report' released in 2007, had predicted that during the 21st century, global average temperatures are expected to rise by between 2.0 and 11.5 degrees Fahrenheit.Nations all over the world are unified in their focus to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The principle greenhouse gases include water vapour, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrogen oxides and engineered chemicals such as cholorofluorocarbons. Levels of the gases have been increasing annually owing to the widespread burning of fossil fuels and the surge in human population.It was two decades back that the Natural Gas industry joined with Environment Protection Authority in launching the Natural Gas STAR Program to help reduce methane emissions. The STAR program went on to document dramatic reductions to methane emissions, since then. For starters, EPA STAR data shows a reduction in methane emissions each year for 16 years at a stretch.The increased use of increased use of natural gas in the place of other fossil fuels hugely lessened the emission of greenhouse gases in the United States. Ground level ozone known to create smog is formed by a chemical reaction of carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides, volatile organic compounds and heat from sunlight.Natural gas, on its part, hardly contributes to smog formation as it exudes low levels of nitrogen oxides and almost negligible particulate matter. Nitrogen Oxide is produced by electric utilities, motor vehicles and industrial plants and a shift towards natural gas in the electric generation sector, in use in gas vehicles, or increased industrial natural gas use will surely help in lowering the production of nitrogen oxide particularly in cities where the emissions are the highest. The move is plugged to ensure clearer, healthier air around urban centers.Acid rain, a huge environmental hazard in Eastern United States is known to damage crops, forests, wildlife populations and trigger a host of ailments in humans. Caused by a reaction of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides with water vapor and other chemicals in the presence of sunlight, Acid Rain comprises a bouquet of acidic compounds. Coal-fired power plants are the main source of acid rain-producing pollutants.However in India, low pH levels have been reported from New Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu even Andaman Islands setting up the stage for acid rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17832692", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Maharashtra produce better show in second innings", "text": "PUNE: Harshad Khadiwale scored a well-made century as, following on, Maharashtra produced a much-better batting effort to finish Day three on 315 for two against Karnataka in Group B match here today.Khadiwale scored 136 off 193 balls with the help of 19 boundaries and a lone six, while Sangram Dilip Atitkar (78) and Ankit Bawne (80 not out) also made fine contributions with the bat to keep Maharashtra in the game.HS Sharath and Syed Khaja Moinuddin picked up a wicket each for Karnataka.Earlier resuming at the overnight score of 58 for one, Maharashtra were bundled out for a meagre 99 in their first innings in reply to Karnataka's 572 for nine declared.Medium-pacer Abhimanyu Mithun scalped six wickets for 36 runs, while Stuart Binny picked up four for 37.Following on, Maharashtra batsmen gave a better account of themselves in their second innings with Khadiwale and Atitkar sharing a 156-run opening stand.After Atitkar's dismissal, Khadiwale joined hands with Bawne and the duo stitched 146 runs for the second wicket to take Maharshtra forward.At stumps on the penultimate day of the match, Maharashtra still trail Karnataka by 158 runs with eight wickets in hand.Brief Scores: Karnataka 1st Innings: 572 for nine decl in 158.5 overs Maharshtra: 99 &amp; 315 for two in 74 overs (Harshad Khadiwale 136, Ankit Bawne 80, Sangram Dilip Atitkar 78; H S Sharath 1/54).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17832077", "title": "Army man booked for raping village girl for two years", "text": "MANSA: An army man has been booked for raping a Mansa village girl for about two years on the pretext of marrying her. When the girl got to know that the army man Sukhpal Singh had tied the nuptial knot elsewhere, she approached the police and a rape case has been registered against the man. Higher army officials are being approached to get the man arrested.Budhlada SHO Gurdarshan Singh said \"Working on village girl's complaint the police has booked army man Sukhpal Singh of village Chak Bhai Ka; presently posted somewhere in Rajasthan. Higher army officials are being approached for the arrest of Sukhpal\".The 24-year-old girl on Saturday approached the Budhlada police with a complaint that Sukhpal Singh had been raping her since more than two years by promising to solemnize marriage with her but some time back he tied the nuptial knot somewhere else. Working on the complaint the police has booked Sukhpal under section 376(rape).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825991", "title": "Police to create security awareness in public programmes to mark Police Raising Day", "text": "PUNE: Various programmes to boost confidence of public in the police force will be organized at the 33 police stations from January 2 and 8, 2013, to mark Pune Police Raising Day.Police commissioner Gulabroa Pol, on Sunday said films will be screened in all schools and colleges to create awareness among students on precautions to be taken in situations like bomb blasts and anti sabotage operations.\"We have organized sports events for youngsters like kabbadi, football, volley ball and hockey with the help of sportsmen and private institutes. We will take experts help for lectures and creating security sense among people and sensitizing women of their rights at the police headquarters,\" said Pol.He further added that students will visit police stations to observe how police stations function. The students will be given information on the work done by police and weapons and other articles will also be displayed to generate interest among them.Additionally, the traffic police will create awareness among students by visiting schools and colleges and will sensitize them to follow traffic rules.\"We will be sensitizing women through lectures and meetings on appropriate security measures. This will be done with the help of social activists, NGOs,\" he stated.\"We have organized special camps for disposing complaint applications relating to crime and accidental deaths. Meeting wills also be held with women's vigilance committees and women's organizations to discuss women's safety issues. The traffic police will also sensitize autorickshaw drivers, taxi drivers, state transport bus drivers on passenger safety,\" he said.A meeting for senior citizens at Pune, Pimpri and Chinchwad will also be held to discuss their security issues, stolen property seized by the police will be returned to the owners. Malls, multiplexes and others will be sensitized to avert incidents of bomb blast at crowded places, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17825289", "title": "Protesters seek exemplary punishment for accused", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pastor Janak Abraham of the Bethel Church headed a march to demand exemplary punishment for the accused in the Delhi gang rape.The congregation marched from Bethel church, covering the Subhani building area in the old city and gurdwara Kalgidhar before concluding at Bethel church.Civil city resident Uma Gandhi said they meant to pray for the departed soul and press the government to ensure the safety of women.Lovely Kapoor, an accountant from Amarpura said, \"I want the accused to be sentenced to death. This stringent punishment will give a strong message to those who think they can go scot free after targeting women.\"Saroj Abraham from Isa Nagri expressed concern for the family of the victim. \"I wonder what her family would be going through. I am here to pray for the family,\" she said.According to the protesters, despite the rape victim's death, the momentum of the protest must be kept up so that the government takes real time action.Neha Abraham, a law student from Isa Nagri said, \"It was high time that the government does something to amend obsolete laws so that women feel safe. Legal procedures also need to be revamped. The delay in justice delivery and lingering of cases for years has rendered the judicial process ineffective,\" she said.'Stop 'skirting' the issue'Even as the country protests the Delhi gang rape, many in the political circle are stirring a hornets' nest by issuing puritanical statements.A case in point is a BJP legislator from Rajasthan who has called for banning of skirts as school uniforms. He feels skirts have compounded sexual harassment in the country. Actor Farhan Akhtar responded to the observation with a tweet that read, \"please ban him from opening his mouth.\"Jhanak Vij, a student of DAV School reacted to the comment saying that the government could ban English education if that was the criterion. \"Ban teaching in English in schools, then ban skirts. They should better start teaching only hindi and Punjabi.\"The explanation of women's dress provoking rape may have held good once, but not anymore. Women feel, with good reason, that a rapist is primarily motivated by his mindset, not the victim's dress.Tanya Ahuja, a Class X student at a convent school said, \"The way one dresses is not what provokes a rapist. It is the mindset that is to be blamed. More than a change in uniform, authorities need to implement change in education. Value education is required rather than valueless laws,\" she asserted.Several thoughtless comments judging women have been made, much to the indignation of the people. Shivam Madhok, a 15-year-old student at BVM School, is of the view that the government needs to hone its own efficacy before making sweeping statements.\"Instead of making such pointless laws, make a better government,\" he said.Women, including teenagers want to know why all the restraints and restrictions are confined to women.Kanshika Behl, a 16-year-old student, questioned, \"Why are girls asked to stop wearing short clothes, make up and moving out freely? Are men that devoid of self restraint or human behaviour? Why cant men stop acting like boors?\" Now that is a difficult question to answer. For many, it would be easier to simply blame the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823556", "title": "Delhi govt 'explains' security loophole", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the Delhi government made tall claims about overhauling public transport, another girl was molested by bus staff on Saturday and again the authorities tried to shrug off responsibility by claiming the bus was not on DTC's night service that now reportedly has home guards on board.Speaking about the incident, transport minister Ramakant Goswami said, \"We have taken action against the errant conductor as well as the driver of the cluster bus. However, it wasn't a bus on DTC's night service and thus there wasn't a home guard on it.\"Asked how effective a measure it was to deploy security only on 89 buses in the city, Goswami claimed there weren't enough home guards to deploy on all 5,000-odd DTC and 379 cluster buses in Delhi.DTC buses ply beyond 10pm in the evening shift which has over 4,000 buses. Its night service starts at 10pm and continues till 5am.The government is also mulling action against the cluster owner, AB Grains - a Hardeep Chadha company. The bus - route number 410 - is part of the clusters 3, 4 and 5, owned by AB Grains.\"We haven't decided what action to take against the cluster owner though the PSV badge of the bus driver as well as the licence of the conductors will be cancelled,\" Goswami said.Interestingly, the government seems to have left the cluster buses to their own device.While the minister said the transport department is planning to deploy Home Guards on DTC's evening service too in the future, no such plans are in the offing for cluster buses.Yet, these buses are staffed by personnel sourced entirely from outside the government machinery.The drivers of these buses are provided by the cluster owners along with the bus whereas the conductor is sourced by DIMTS through a third party.Sources in DIMTS said none of the bus staff is verified by them as the driver gets verified by Delhi police for the PSV badge while conductors receive training when they get their licence.Officials admitted several of the bus drivers on the cluster service previously drove Blueline buses.Meanwhile, action plans discussed last week are being put on the back-burner by the government.Sources said that installation of GPS in auto-rickshaws and Gramin Sewa is likely to happen only by April next year. \"It's a long process as existing auto-rickshaws, too, need to be put on the GPS network,\" the official said.Goswami also admitted that the government's promise of beefing up the enforcement wing of the transport department will take time.\"We have to allot a budget and look for trained people like ex-defence personnel. All of this will take some time,\" Goswami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17826502", "title": "Surtis get ready for New Year bash", "text": "SURAT: Be it any occasion, the fun-loving Surtis love to celebrate in style. At present large scale plans are afoot to bid adieu to the year gone by and welcome the New Year.Apart from the usual New Year eve parties organized by major hotels and social groups, this year youngsters are busy organizing their own New Year events. Large scale celebrations have given way to small group celebrations in the city this year. The reason for the changing trend is problem of getting sponsors and unmanageable crowds at times.Prominent hotels in the city like The Grand Bhagwati (TGB) and Taj Gateway have organized unique events. While TGB has planned a special 007 James Bond theme dance party with pop sensation Sanober Kabir, Taj Gateway will have a gala buffet dinner along with the live band ECHOESTICS playing soft rock, sufi and Hindi songs.To make the party goers get a feel of Bond, TGB management has set up Bond visuals, LED projections, Bond Cars, watches and not to forget the lovely Bond girls' cutouts. The food and beverage selection is based on Bond tastes and styles. Bond's special Virgin Martini (non-alcoholic) and cafe lounge is created for Bond lovers along with a huge dance floor and games based on Bond series.Another hotel chain in the city Lords Plaza will have multiple functions on the night of December 31. There will be dance parties on three different themes. There will be a circus-circuit for young couple, Hawaiian Hulley with a live band and 2gether 4ever, an instrumental romantic music party.Regional director of Lord Plaza chain Deepan Shah said, \"We will celebrate the dawn of New Year on theme based parties wherein the themes are based on environment, decor and other things.\"While a few thousand revelers are expected to turn up at the major hotels for the New Year eve party, majority of the people, especially youngsters have their own plans.\"Our group has decided to celebrate at a farm house. There will be food, drinks and music for all,\" a college student Tejas Parmar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17832862", "title": "Chinese man whips his son to death for bad behaviour", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese man has been arrested for allegedly whipping his six-year-old son to death after the boy's teachers complained that he was extorting money from classmates.The father, Zheng Junpeng, a native of Shaanxi Province, said teachers kept reporting to him that his son, identified as Jiahao, often beat his classmates to extort for money after he entered the school in September, Longgang District police was quoted by Shanghai Daily as saying.Zheng said he whipped his son for about half an hour when his wife was away at work that day. Then he put the boy to sleep at 11pm. He didn't notice anything abnormal until 2am when he found the body of Jiahao was turning cold. He turned on the light and saw the boy's blood seeped through his clothes.Despite emergency treatment, the boy was pronounced dead at the hospital. Zheng was sorrowful and regretted his action.The father had tried to discipline his son in the past, but to no avail and his patience wore out when a teacher complained again last Friday.\"The child is gone. It's meaningless to say anything,\" he was quoted by the daily as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "17824253", "title": "Inspector caught taking bribe", "text": "WARDHA: Police inspector of Girad, Baban Fusate, was caught red-handed by anti-corruption bureau sleuths while taking bribe of Rs 10,000 from sand contractor Vilas Shinde near Kora village on Saturday night. Wardha SP Avinash Kumar has suspended Fusate. The trap was laid by Nagpur ACB team.Fusate intercepted two trucks loaded with sand going to Samudrapur. Despite being shown all relevant documents Fusate charged the trucks for overloading. Fusate demanded Rs15,000 to leave the truck but Shinde had Rs5,000 and asked for some time to arrange the rest amount. Meanwhile, Shinde contacted ACB, which laid a trap and caught Fusate red-handed taking bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17824356", "title": "Sadar hospital to get 24x7 staff", "text": "RANCHI: The new Sadar hospital is perhaps the first private hospital in the state capital where specialists and paramedics will be available 24*7, unlike other private hospitals where doctors work as consultants and whose visits are limited to the number of cases being handled by them.Most private hospitals in the city have visiting doctors, hence if a patient needs to be attended to on an urgent basis, it becomes difficult to get immediate attention as the doctors are not resident doctors.The Sadar Hospital, on the other hand, built on a private-public partnership ( PPP) mode and likely to be open to public by June will have resident doctors who'll be available at any time of the day. \"The-500 bed super specialty will have all resident doctors who will always be available, unlike the private ones. It's a hospital, hence availability of doctors is an important factor,\" said Praveen Chandra, director-in-chief, health.He also said they have roped in private partners who will provide doctors as the state has an acute shortage of doctors. \"We are from the government's side and will provide only the space, the building and AC's. The onus of bringing the doctors, paramedics, equipment and beds is on the private companies,\" he said. Chandra said: \" The tender process is on. Following this, the MoU will be signed. After that, a decision on the intake of super specialists and doctors along with paramedical staff will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17826119", "title": "Many in Pink City cancel New Year celebrations", "text": "JAIPUR: Joining the nationwide grief over the death of Nirbhaya, many in Jaipur decided to cancel their celebration plans for New Year. Showing solidarity with the public, the hotel industry too has decided to tone down the parties on New Year eve.Many private organizers have communicated to their clients about the cancellation of the events. Rahul Singh Rathore, an organizer of a party at a farmhouse near the city, has refunded the money along with a regret letter. To his surprise, hardly anyone complained about the decision. \"On Sunday, my partners and I firmly decided to call off the celebrations even if it cost us a lot. I have started refunding the money. There were little complaints and most of them were considerate and appreciated our stand,\" said Rathore.There are others who have not cancelled the parties but decided to tone down their celebrations. \"It is a sad and unfortunate incident. It is not justified to force people to attend a party when they are not happy. But our preparations were on for past two months. So we are ready to return half the amount if anybody does not want to join,\" said Vishnu Goyal, an organizer at C-Scheme. The move was supported by several business houses who also have cancelled their corporate parties.Hotels, which usually have a bash on the New Year eve, have started feeling the effect. But having clients from foreign countries and outside the state, most of them are refraining from cancellations and are keeping the celebrations low. Anant Kumar, who owns a five-star hotel on JLN Marg feels, \"We can't cancel the plans altogether as most of the people are from foreign countries and outside Rajasthan. However, keeping in mind the sensitivity of the issue, we have avoided to advertise about our party.\"Some individuals have even asked their friends and relatives not to wish them on New Year but pray for the departed soul. Jaishree Sharma, a teacher and a mother of two daughters said, \"I have posted to all my friends not to send me any New Year greetings and messages. I am shocked by the incident and will not be able to reciprocate in the same manner. This time I will pray for the girl instead and work towards building a better society.\"A group of college students who participated in the protest march at Statue Circle, have a different view on the issue. They will go ahead with their bash but have decided to take an oath at midnight to respect females and elders. \"Life has to go on. We are hurt and will remember Nirbhaya in our prayers,\" said Satish Sharma, an engineering student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825836", "title": "Boycott of anti-quota supporters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reservation supporters on Sunday gave a call to socially boycott public representatives who are opposed to the reservation in promotion bill.The call was given at a rally organised in Mohanlalganj tehsil of the state capital. The supporters, under the aegis of Aarakshan Bachao Sanrakshan Samiti, also pledged to continue their agitation until the bill does not gets passed in the Lok Sabha.The samiti threatened of teaching such MLAs and MPs a lesson by asking all dalits not to vote for such candidates. Convener of the samiti, KB Ram said that the anti-dalit mindset has only come out in the open.He said that dalits would oppose those MPs/MLAs who despite being dalits are opposing the quota in promotion bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17826007", "title": "Protesters speak in one voice for women's safety", "text": "PUNE: \"Our silent march has ended, but our spirits will continue protesting till our country becomes safer for our mothers, sisters, wives and daughters,\" said Santanu Samanta, a businessman on MG Road.His group of 15 swelled as they walked along the road on Sunday to express grief and pay tribute to Nirbhaya, the Delhi gang rape victim who died on early Saturday in Singapore .Samanta and his friends got together and took out a silent march. Samanta said, \"The news of her losing the battle of life shook me to the core. Being an Indian, I thought that the least I can do is stage a silent candle march. So I spoke to all my employees and we started the march from my office which is in camp.\" The march started with 15 people but as the group moved on, they were joined by strangers.Elsewhere in the city, placards carrying the messages like 'Hang the culprit', 'We want justice', 'Am I safe', showed youngsters anguish at various rallies organised on Sunday in the city to protest against the Delhi gang rape. Silent marches and peace rallies were held despite it being a weekly holiday for many people. They came on the roads and expressed their feelings against the backdrop of the Delhi victim's death.Priya Mhetre, a college student who participated in a rally organised by the Pune chapter of India against Corruption (IAC), said, \"The Delhi incident has shocked many girls in our college and we feel that there should be a strong system that would prevent such criminals from committing this act. We are here as a group to show that the youth of the country is not sleeping and we will fight for a better and safe country.\"Ashwini Rane, Priya's classmate said, \"It does not matter if it was a holiday or a work day. What matters now is safety of women, not just in Pune but across the country. We will be completing college and what if we get a job in Delhi? We should be living a in a safe environment and hence we have come down to the streets and voicing our opinions.\"Over 200 youngsters participated in this silent rally that took off from Good Luck Chowk on Fergusson College Road and concluded at the Sambhaji Park on J M road.At another peace march held at Alka Chowk in the afternoon, several women's organisations participated where they paid tribute to the Delhi victim. About 50 people stood in silence at the chowk and offered prayers.Meanwhile, college students in small groups of 10 to 15 were also seen conducting protest march and chanting slogans of justice throughout the day across various prominent places in the city. On Fergusson College Road, a group of ten women marched till Good Luck Chowk and paid tribute to the victim..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17830470", "title": "Govt plans procuring 50% indigenous PCs of total requirement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Due to cyber security reason, mainly espionage, government is considering to notify new rules under which all central public departments will have to procure domestically-manufactured laptop and tablet PCs amounting to 50 per cent of the total procurement.According to sources at Department of Electronics and Information Technology, it has sought views on final draft of notification to various ministries and expect to notify this rule within a month.As per the draft notification, unlike the usual practice of importing all components and then assembling them in India, the domestically manufactured laptops and tablet personal computers for government procurement should have 25 per cent components produced domestically.\"After the notification, as per the proposal, laptop and tablet PCs having domestically made components or value addition done by Indian companies will be considered. We are looking for local value addition in key components like processor, memory, hard disk, LCD panel, cabinet, motherboard, power module of PCs,\" sources at DEITY said.Since there are no manufacturer of high end components of computers in the country for most of these components, DEITY official said that notification of these kind of rules will develop interest of manufacturers towards Indian market which is expected to be around USD 400 billion by 2020.\"There are players who do value addition in high end components in the country. Discussions are also going on with players capable of making these components in India,\" an official said.The notification will mandate to have domestically manufactured body or cabinet of both laptop and tablet PC from April 1, 2016 that will be procured by government departments.The draft notification says that local value addition in the laptop and tablet PC procurement will increase by 5 per cent from 25 to 30 in the second year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17829078", "title": "'The Attacks of 26/11' selected for Berlin film fest", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's new film The Attacks of 26/11 has been selected for Berlin International Film Festival.Producer Parag Sanghvi says he is honoured to be part of the prestigious festival.\"I am happy that I convinced Ramu to make this film in the first place and it is an honour for us to have our film at the prestigious Berlin Film Festival. It is a matter of prestige for us that we are both in the Panorama as well as the Competition section, and to get invited itself is a very big thing,\" Sanghavi told IANS.The Attacks of 26/11 is produced by Alumbra Entertainment and Eros International and directed by Varma.The shooting of the film is complete and is currently in post-production stage. It will release in theatres March 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17824975", "title": "New Year promises of varsities fuel young dreams of a better tomorrow", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As the New Year sets in, campuses line up their wish list for 2013, overcoming shortage of faculty members, upgrading infrastructure and inducting more students being a few of them.State universitiesUtkal University hopes to fill up vacant position of teachers and non-teaching staff this year. The varsity is short of around 90 teachers. Though the state government has given its permission to fill these posts, the varsity is still working on the reservation norms and other technicalities to take out advertisement for the posts. \"We would like all the vacant positions to be filled in the year,\" said Utkal Post Graduate Council chairman P K Mishra. The varsity will also try to complete renovation of the library and construct a separate building for self-financed courses at an estimated cost of Rs 6 crore.Sambalpur University too will try to fill up around 25 vacant posts of teachers. Though the varsity had advertised for around 20 positions, it barely managed to fill around five vacancies because it could not find qualified applicants. \"We will try to fill up these vacancies at the earliest,\" Sambalpur VC Bishnu Charan Barik said. The varsity will also do its best to conduct examinations and take out results on time, Barik said. Besides, the varsity plans to construct three ladies hostels, improve the general academic climate of the campus and complete library automation in 2013, the VC said.Berhampur University will also try to fill up the vacancies, begin some new job-oriented courses and consolidate its infrastructure in the new year, a varsity officer said.Ravenshaw University is looking forward to begin some new schools in the coming year. \"We would like to start schools of life sciences, material sciences, international study, business and journalism and mass communication, said VC Baishnab Charan Tripathy.Premier colleges such as BJB (Autonomous) College and RD Women's (Autonomous) College too are looking forward to fill up teachers' vacancies. \"We would like to have sufficient teachers so that we can improve the quality of teaching further. Besides, we plan to start some more new job-oriented courses in 2013,\" said BJB principal Suresh Patnaik.IITIIT Bhubaneswar, which at present houses its students at multiple locations, will try to make some of the hostel buildings functional on its upcoming permanent campus near Jatni. \"We will try to commission some hostels by July 2013,\" said IIT registrar B K Ray. IIT will also open BTech computer science in 2013. Besides it is planning to begin MSc courses in physics, chemistry and mathematics in the New Year, the registrar said.Technical institutionsThe Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology (VSSUT) is planning to increase its intake capacity in 2013. \"The plan is to double the capacity in the next three to four years. Some seats would increase in the coming year,\" said VSSUT VC Bijay Nanda.Nanda said to accommodate the increase in seats the unitary varsity will expand its academic buildings and hostels. Besides, the varsity would consolidate its land banks for future expansion. The other major emphasis will be on research and laboratory development. \"We will encourage faculty members to undertake more research projects and generate funds for those projects from various sources,\" he said. Government engineering colleges will try to upgrade infrastructure and increase in intake capacity, government sources said.Around 110 private engineering, MBA and MCA colleges are looking forward to better admissions and placements positions in 2013. Of the roughly 44,000 undergraduate seats, over 26,000 remained vacant in 2011. \"We would like to have substantially higher number of admissions this year,\" said Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA) secretary Binod Dash.Dash said the engineering colleges would like the government to make suitable changes in the admission policy in the New Year to facilitate more admissions since the matter is already under the consideration of a cabinet sub-committee. \"We would also like to see more quality placements of students in 2013,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17824217", "title": "Mary Kom: A fistful of courage", "text": "It was a bronze that shone brighter than gold. MC Mary Kom's feat in the London Games was the outcome of years of hard work, dedication, determination and single-minded focus.It's easy to feel contended after winning as many as five World Championship gold, besides several international medals and glory. But this was not the case for this mother of two from Manipur. She is, after all, the stuff legends are made of.Standing on the podium in the London Games, a lot must be going through her mind, including the long eventful journey to the top of the world. The childhood where she had to train away from the prying eyes of her disapproving parents, the teenage years when she won her first World Championship title at the age of 19, or the time when she appeared uncertain because she was losing her winning streak at the national level. Then there was the traumatic time she went through when her son had to undergo surgery for a heart ailment.The colour of the metal around her neck did not matter at the ExCeL Arena. All that mattered was that she had earned one of the best medals India had ever won at the Olympics. A medal earned with blood, sweat and lot of guts.\"She's an inspiration as an athlete as well as a person. It's amazing to see a person with so much talent, commitment and drive to succeed. She gives her everything every second, even during training,\" said Viren Rasquinha, COO of the Olympic Gold Quest, under which Mary Kom trains.Yet, there was a time when people had started doubting her abilities. They felt that she was finished after troubled times at the national level. The girl who was once invincible had started to lose to lesser-known pugilists. She had started to show her frustration, venting her anger against the jury at times when points did not go in her favour.The International Olympic Committee's ( IOC ) decision to include women's boxing in London offered her a chance at redemption. But it was not easy. The big challenge for the small boxer was to gain weight and fight in the 51kg category, which was three kilograms more than the category she was fighting in then. But the bigger challenge was that the 'Olympic' tag made women's boxing an altogether different ball game.The route to Olympic glory was tough, but she knew what to do. She had set her sights on winning an Olympic medal and she knew how to go about it. She trained even harder on her strengths to counter the bigger rivals she knew she was going to face in the coming days.\"I used to fight in the 46kg and 48kg before. For the last two years, I have been fighting in the 51kg. It was tough. Reducing weight is easier than putting on,\" she had said earlier this year.She fought like a woman on a mission at the Games and could be stopped in her tracks only by Nicola Adams , the eventual champion. \"I'm sorry I couldn't win gold or silver. I know my fans prayed and wished for me. I tried my hardest,\" she had said just after winning bronze. And if you think that she would bid goodbye to the ring after fulfilling the longtime dream of winning an Olympic medal, this is what she had to say: \"Support me and pray for me. I will go for gold in the 2016 Rio Olympics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17823631", "title": "Student unions try to break barricades", "text": "NEW DELHI: The largely peaceful protests turned unruly after rowdy elements from student unions, including ABVP and NSUI, broke police barricades around 1.15pm in an attempt to march towards India Gate despite restrictions.Other protesters hurriedly intervened, even forming human chains to push the crowd back.Cops said four people were detained under Section 65 of Delhi Police Act and let off after one and a half hours. \"The four detained included members of ABVP and NSUI,\" said a senior police officer.The incident took place when a large group suddenly marched towards the cops around 1pm.While some at the front provoked the crowds with anti-police slogans, a few others pulled off police barricades and started jumping on them.Other protesters came forward to help police maintain peace. \"I was sitting at the back when I saw the rush and people dragging barricades. So I just came forward to help and ask them to calm down. It will be our loss if this turns violent,\" said Akhil Bharti, a 24-year-old student.Neha, another student-protester, pleaded with the crowd to stop hooliganism and protest within legal boundaries. \"Please go back. Police are here to help us and we should not turn violent,\" she announced in a police megaphone.Later in the evening, a group of youths decided to make its way to India Gate. However, around 100 youths managed to march only till the NDMC building on Parliament Street when they were stopped by the lathi-yielding cops and RAF personnel and herded back to Jantar Mantar.Several protesters were, however, upset with the curfew imposed at India Gate. \"We do not want any violence. We will gather there and light candles for the deceased in the heart of the city. I don't understand why the government is treating its own citizens like lepers by imposing so many restrictions?\" wondered Anmol Mathur.Others were more vocal. \"Let them hit us with lathis. It's nothing we have not experienced before already in India Gate last week. They cannot forcefully confine us in Jantar Mantar,\" said another angry protester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "17833143", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Goa take first inning lead over Assam", "text": "PORVORIM: Spinner Shadab Jakati returned a four-wicket haul to spoil Assam chances of making it to the knock-out stage as Goa bowled out the visitors for 366 to take narrow 15-run lead in their Ranji Trophy Group C match on Monday.At draw of stumps, Goa in their second innings were 11 for no loss with Sagun Kamat and Rohan Balekar unbeaten on 4 and 7 respectively.Resuming at their overnight score of 134 for one, Assam came close to overhaul Goa's first inning total of 381 but some brilliant bowling by Jakati and two run-outs saw them all out for 366 as the match is heading for a draw with only one day remaining.Jakati first got the break through when he had AS Sinha leg before for 39.SA Roy who battled resolutely and shared second wicket partnership of 95 with Sinha looked set to score a century but was caught by Ravikant Shukla off Rahul Asnodkar for 87.Dhiraj Jadhav took the fight to the rival camp but two run-outs spoiled Assam's chances of taking the lead as wickets fell at regular interval.Jadhav was out for 52 caught by Bisla off Gawas. Jakati then dismissed AN Ahmed (18) and A Konwar (0) to end Assam hopes of going into the knock out stage.While Jakati claimed four wickets, M G Gawas took two and RD Asnodkar claimed one wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17830932", "title": "AIADMK to go it alone in LS polls: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming the Congress and BJP in Karnataka for being \"determined\" in denying Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu, AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa on Monday said her party would go it alone in the next Lok Sabha polls and secure all 40 seats in order to assert its rights in Delhi.Both parties were \"united\" and \"determined\" not to give Tamil Nadu its due share of water from Cauvery river, a combative Jayalalithaa said in her address to partymen at the AIADMK general council near here.\"To ensure Tamil Nadu's rights and prevent (Cauvery) delta regions from turning into a desert, we have to independently fight the coming Lok Sabha polls and win all 40 seats\" (39 in Tamil Nadu and one in Puducherry), the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister said, virtually sounding the election bugle.\"We have to work out our path. We can't be dependent on anyone as such a situation has been created. Some parties may have to depend on national parties like BJP or Congress which lead respective coalitions, but that depends on their situation,\" she said in an apparent reference to her main rival, the DMK.But her party was in a situation where it cannot depend on anyone. \"We have to decide our future, chalk out our path. We cannot depend on BJP or Congress,\" she said in an impassioned appeal, observing she had all along in her life taken decisions for herself and not depended on others.She neither had a family to fall back on and this was not out of choice but it was her \"fate,\" she said.Hitting out at the Congress and BJP, she recalled that Congress leaders SM Krishna and M Veerappa Moily had accompanied the Karnataka BJP chief minister Jagadish Shettar to impress upon the Prime Minister on Karnataka's reluctance to release water.Taking a dig at the DMK on the issue, Jayalalithaa said \"it is learnt that DMK MPs had during their meeting with the Prime Minister sought not to notify the final award of the Cauvery tribunal,\" reiterating her earlier similar remarks made in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17824811", "title": "Retd cop against orthodox policing in rape cases", "text": "PATNA: The Delhi gang rape has kicked off a debate in the country about policing and women safety. While the nation is angrily demanding death penalty in all rape cases, any amendment in law will take some time. However, course correction is required on many other fronts, too, feels SM Rai, a retired DG-rank Bihar cadre IPS officer.\"Amendments to CrPC, IPC and Evidence Act are indispensable for punishing the rapists fast but the police can act fast in such cases by taking some measures which do not require any amendment in law,\" Rai said.\"There should be a toll-free number on which a victim can lodge her complaint without suffering any embarrassment. A separate wing should also be created at the police headquarters to deal with such cases. The officer at the HQ must inform the police station concerned and the senior officers. This way the IOs will fear seniors,\" says Rai, insisting that the SP concerned should be made the supervising officer of rape cases like in cases of dacoity, murder and robbery. Rai also suggests that only a judicial magistrate should record the statement of the victim.Citing an example of a 2010 case of rape with a foreigner in Bodh Gaya in which the culprit was convicted within one month, Rai said in all rape cases, chargesheet must be submitted in a week. \"Why can't the police act so fast as they did in Bodh Gaya case?\" wonders the ex-IPS officer.Like others, Rai also feel the need of fast track courts to ensure punishment within two months. He, however, pointed out a lacuna in the prosecution case. \"It terribly brings down the morale of a police officer when he sees public prosecutor taking least interest in rape cases for some reasons or the other. There must be separate PPs for rape cases.\"Prevention is better than cure, in rape cases, too, he said. \"Every PS must have a women wing. Merely one mahila thana in a district can't tackle women issues in totality,\" Rai said.Sexual assault is not merely a law and order problem, he believes. \"Civil defence exists, but merely on paper. Regular interaction between the police and the youth is a must because they will tell the real side of the entire story,\" recommends the officer.He, however, expressed concern over the cases of women raped by police constables or their reluctance in registering an FIR. \"This can be attributed to the lack of gender-specific training to the lower-rank personnel, though gender issues form a part of IPS training,\" Rai explains.Even if a case is registered, many of the accused get acquitted due to shoddy investigation. Rai said police personnel must be scientifically trained so that they need not depend on the forensic experts to come for collecting preliminary evidence like blood marks, finger prints etc that are very crucial in making a case to reach its logical end. Also, DNA test must be made mandatory.To a question about any pressure on a police officer to favour the accused, he said, \"An honest and upright police officer faces innumerable departmental hurdles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17829631", "title": "CR suburban trains delayed during morning peak hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The trains on Central Railway were running more than an hour late during peak hour rush this morning. It was the second day that commuters faced inconvenience due to the inordinate delays. Earlier on Sunday, thousands of commuters were badly hit as a 16-hour rail block was carried out on CR for the Thane yard remodelling work.A CR spokesperson said, \"The work continued till early Monday morning and this led to the delays. Also, there was dense fog on tracks between Dombivli and Thane stations and this too affected the frequency of trains. The services were hit during the early morning hours and is likely to be restored to normalcy by afternoon.\" Rekha Nair, who boarded a train at Kalyan at 7.30 am reached her office in Bandra Kurla complex at 10.30 am. \"The trains were running very slow and many people preferred to jump out and walk on tracks to the next station,\" she said. Vinay Shashtri, a resident of Ghatkopar, said his train was more than an hour late and he reported late at work.\"It affected my work schedule and the wait in the train was also frustrating,\" he stated. The autos and taxis also refused to ply as rail commuters spilled on the streets. Some of autos charged excess fares for long distance routes. People were seen walking on tracks at stations between Thane and Kurla. \"One of the tracks was closed and this resulted in train diversions and affected the frequency,\" said a commuter. There were, however, regular announcements on the public address system at platforms. Trains on Western Railway were plying and they were just ten minutes late, a passenger said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17825434", "title": "Brother-in-law, friend rape teen for six days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 14-year-old girl from Dholka, who attempted suicide on Saturday after she was gang-raped by her brother-in-law and his friend for six days, is on ventilator but stable, doctors said on Sunday.Police said Sujata (named changed) was abducted and raped in a van. She was taken to an undisclosed location and kept in confinement till December 12. The duo then dumped her near Begua crossroads on the outskirts of Dholka. VS Hospital doctors said the girl is now able to speak.\"With her help we have identified the pesticide that she consumed. This will help provide more focused and better treatment to her,\" the medicos said.Late on Sunday the Dholka police nabbed the main accused, Prakash Devipujak. B D Thakar, inspector at Dholka police station, said, \"We have arrested Prakash. We are now hunting for the second accused Mohit Prajapati.\"Cops said Prakash abducted and raped the girl after his in-laws refused to send his pregnant wife, Sujata's elder sister, back home. Thakar said, \"This is a suspected case of revenge-rape.\"Traumatized by the incident and coupled with incessant pain, the girl consumed pesticide on Saturday.The father of the victim said when they tried to lodge a complaint, the accused threatened them with dire consequences and later also offered them Rs 1 lakh.Police said, \"Sujata's elder sister had come home. Due to medical complications, her father requested Prakash to let her stay for a month. Prakash then demanded that the younger sister be sent to his house to replace his wife.\"\"The comment outraged the family and they refused to send the woman back. The family even threatened to take the matter up in the community panchayat.\"\"Prakash reacted with vengeance. On December 6, he along with his friend Mohit abducted Sujata in a van. The duo then raped her repeatedly and kept in confinement. She was later dumped outside the town. The victim's family registered a complaint of abduction and rape against the two accused on December 14,\" said a Dholka police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17827983", "title": "Gang-rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death: Celebs cancel their New Year plans", "text": "The unpardonable death in Delhi on Saturday morning of the gang-rape victim cast an all-pervasive pall of gloom over the film industry. Many stars and filmmakers called off their new year plans.Says a source close to the Bachchan family, \"There's absolutely no appetite for celebration in the Bachchan parivar . Both Amitji and Jayaji are extremely upset by what has happened in Delhi. All plans in the Bachchan family for the New Year have been cancelled.\"Other top-notch celebrities, like the Kapoors--Rishi, Neetu and Ranbir --and the Roshans, have called of their plans in the light of the tragedy. Hema Malini had planned an elaborate New Year get-together for her daughter Esha and son-in-law (their first New Year after the wedding). That stands cancelled as of now.In fact one of the above showbiz icons told not to broadcast the no-celebrarion plans. \"Isn't it rather obvious that we have nothing to celebrate this New Year's? How can we even think of partying at a time when the nation weeps? We in the entertainment business are human beings too,\" said the icon.Shabana Azmi who planned a New Year's eve party at her farm-house in Lonavala with her husband Javed Akhtar says she is in no mood for any celebration. \"We are doing NOTHING to celebrate the New Year out of respect for the brave heart who lost her life on Saturday after putting up a valiant fight that brought the people of our country together as one one nation demanding safety for India's daughters.\"Shabana's colleague Naseeruddin Shah blames our films for desensitizing the country against rape. Naseer says, \"I'm afraid our population has become desensitized to rape because of cinema. In our movies, it is an act that is either foiled or avenged by the hero. So I don't think people have a realistic view of this ghastly crime. For the first time the gruesome details of what transpired during the actual act of rape came out in the public domain. I think that caused the public outrage. And that's good. I just hope this outrage is sustained and doesn't become one more token protest.\"Post the truly tragic death of the gang-rape victim in Delhi singer Alisha Chinai has demanded Sharia laws to deal with sexual offenders in India. Angered embittered and frightened for the future of femininity Alisha says, \"India should show no mercy for sexual offenders. The monsters who did this to Damini must be dealt with in a way most appropriate for them. We must have Sharia laws in this country. An eye for an eye, a life for a life.\"Pooja Bhatt pretty much expresses the somber mood of the moment when she says, \"I will spend the New Year thanking the lord for the privilege of being safe and alive. I will be going for long walks in the woods and abstaining from celebrations for sure.\"Alisha feels women in India are vulnerable to hellish fears. \"Why do we have to live in fear of our gender, our womanhood and of our sexuality being under a constant threat? The entire nation is in a pathetic sick condition. India has lost its soul. Hell is a better place to be.\"So sickened is Alisha by the brutal violence that the rape victim underwent that she feels death has been a kind of release for her. \"Don't cry for her, India. She now rests in peace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17825000", "title": "Clash of the titans: Naveen-Pyari rift made 2012 a politically eventful year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the Congress, the major opposition party, seeming to have virtually lost its teeth in the state for years together and rival groups of the BJP working at cross purposes, it was left to the BJD to keep the political pot boiling in Odisha in 2012. The year would have been politically uneventful but for the unpredictable quake in the widely perceived invincible ruling BJD and the seismic split between chief minister and party president Naveen Patnaik and his mentor Pyarimohan Mohapatra. As the year comes to a close there is no sign of peace between the two, strengthening speculation that the Naveen-Pyari war would spiral in 2013 and may worsen as the general election approaches.Ever since Naveen entered politics reluctantly, Pyari acted as his shield, teaching his pupil not only the nuances of governance and how to run the party but protecting him from possible enemies. In the process, the duo decimated all stronger elements in the BJD and even succeeded in reducing the two main opposition parties to signboard outfits.Sings of Naveen-Pyari disenchantment first surfaced during the panchayat elections in February when Naveen disapproved party men putting posters of Pyari at some places, which were bigger than his own, and ordered them to be removed. It was the first public sign of crack between the two, which widened in the subsequent months. Soon both stopped talking to each other, while Naveen waited for an opportune moment to strike at Pyari. His day came on May 29 when Pyari, while Naveen was away in London, held a meeting of BJD MLAs at his residence. Though party men in private describe the meeting as a move to chalk out strategy for self-defence, Naveen did not miss the chance to get rid of Pyari. He rushed back home, dubbed Pyari a 'beiman' (ungrateful), suspended him and later expelled him from the party.Contrary to expectation in many quarters, though no BJD MLA has so far openly sided with Pyari, the latter, unlike other victims of Naveen in the past, has since put up a strong challenge, unheard of in the chief minister's 12 years in power. Pyari went on to float his own political outfit, Odisha Jana Morcha, held three major rallies, attracting a sizeable gathering much to the discomfiture of Naveen, and has announced to fight elections on his own steam.But Pyari was not the only one giving sleepless nights to Naveen this year. Among other nagging troubles, Maoists got their people elected in more than 30 blocks in Koraput and Malkangiri districts in the Panchayat elections, followed by the high drama created by the Reds abducting two Italian tourists in Kandhamal district and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka in Koraput. The Maoists bargained hard, releasing the hostages only after securing the release of some of their top cadres and withdrawal of several cases against them, leading to widespread criticism of the chief minister.That was not all. The mega mining scam, which has been hanging like a Damocles' sword over the Naveen government, gave fresh ammo to the opposition following repeated visits of the Shah Commission to the state to examine papers. The commission's findings are yet to be known, but the panic in power corridors was evident. The government announced a series of measures to stop illegal mining, banned transport of ore by road and imposed fines of over Rs 68,000 crore on more than 100 mines for mining more than their permissible limit. The government also cut a sorry figure being embroiled in the coal scam. The central government cancelled at least four coal blocks in the state.The year saw the Congress trying to wake up from its slumber too. It organised a big anti-government rally in Bhubaneswar, but ended up in denting its own image further. The rally turned violent where a woman constable was allegedly assaulted by party supporters. The BJP, however, was hardly visible in public domain. As the year draws to a close, the saffron brigade is still fighting, not able to decide upon a president for its state unit, a series of meetings in New Delhi with party leaders and in Bhubaneswar notwithstanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17825072", "title": "Jats demand inclusion in OBC at Centre level", "text": "ROHTAK: Taking the reins of the quota stir from the khap panchayats, All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) has demanded inclusion of jats in the other backward class (OBC) at the Centre.In a meeting in Rohtak on Sunday, the AIJASS and Khap leaders served an ultimatum till March 5, and said that they would hold a meeting on completion of deadline to take a decision about the resumption of the agitation. President of AIJASS Bhagat Singh Dalal said that the Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat had taken the leadership of the agitation after the violence in Mayyar village of Hisar, earlier this year.\"The khaps managed to pressurize the state government, after which the government had accepted the recommendations of the state backward commission report. Now, our focus is to pressurize the Centre for a similar gesture so that jats can get quota benefit in jobs and education institutes, at state and Centre level,\" he said.He said that the samiti had already started lobbying among the political class and hoped that many politicians would support and help them in getting the quota benefit. \"We are also scheduled to meet important persons at the Centre in the next few days. But if the Centre failed to heed to our demands by March 5, the samiti might take a decision to resume the agitation,\" he said. State president of AIJASS Hawa Singh Sangwan said the khap panchayats had been supporting the agitation and many khap leaders attended the meeting in Rohtak on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17825995", "title": "Farmers seek guidance in improving agricultural methods", "text": "PUNE: Farmers attending a convention on improving agricultural practices on Sunday had a common complaint: \"We start off with an activity like water harvesting, but lose path midway because there is nobody to provide us with consistent guidance.\"About 1,500 farmers from Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh , Odisha and Rajasthan are in the city for the two-day convention of agricultural activists organised by the Suyog Charitable Trust.At one of the gat (group) meetings on water management on Sunday, farmers from districts around Nashik, Pune, Thane and Raigad were told how to promote water conservation in their respective villages.The resource person, Vivek Giridhari, a journalist-turned activist who has been working closely with farmers for over 13 years now, told the farmers that if they want to manage their water resources better they should start well before the crisis begins.\"Government agencies are under the impression that water harvesting is not needed in areas that receive good rainfall. For instance, Thane district receives over 2500 mm rainfall in a season. But several villages in the district struggle to meet their drinking water needs in summer,\" he said.Farmers from Thane, Nandurbar and Ahmednagar too shared their experiences. \"We constructed a check dam in our village with people's participation. The results are positive and our dependence on others for meeting our farms' irrigation needs has gone down significantly,\" said an agricultural activist from Nandurbar district near Nashik.All the farmers hailed from mountainous regions. So, they have the advantage of drawing water from freshwater springs that pass through the hills either to form rivers or join big rivers. \"Groundwater table can be increased by arresting the flow of water. This helps tide over the crisis during summers,\" said Giridhari.Farmers were pleasantly surprised to know how beneficial water harvesting could be. However, the number of farmers/farm activists who attended the meeting was a small fraction of the number of farmers, mostly tribals, who suffer on account of ignorance, lack of enthusiasm and exploitation.Giridhari appealed to the farmers to make full use of the Vasundhara programme, an initiative of the state agriculture department. \"This scheme will bring government aid straight to your village.\"The resource person, however, was critical of the latest government resolution (GR) of the state which makes the village sarpanch head of the samiti which will decide allocation of funds under the Vasundhara project. \"Since it is the people's money, the gram sabha should be empowered to take a call on utilising the money for the development of village. It will also avoid unwanted political meddling,\" said Giridhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826377", "title": "Free travel for physically challenged in Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses", "text": "BANGALORE: BMTC will allow free travel for physically challenged persons, who have obtained annual passes in 2012 up to January 31, 2013. This extension comes after KSRTC extended these facilities in their services to districts.BMTC launched three additional K-series bus routes and 30 services from Sunday on the peripheral areas of the city.K-4 route buses between Nrupathunganagar and Jeevan Bima Nagar will go via Nagarbhavi Circle, Chandra Layout, Attiguppe, Corporation Circle, Bangalore Club, Ulsoor, Indiranagar and Thippasandra. K-5 buses will shuttle between Mallasandra bus stand and HSR Layout BDA complex, connecting Jalahalli, Yeshwantpur, Malleswaram, Corporation, Nanjappa Circle, Adugodi, Koramangala and Jakkasandra. K-6 buses will ply between Kalyana Nagara bus station and Jambusavari Dinne connecting Jala Vayuvihar, Lingarajapuram, Fraser Town, Coles Park, Balekundri Circle, MG Statue, Shantinagar, Ashoka Pillar, Jayanagar bus stand, JP Nagar 15th Cross and Puttenahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17824283", "title": "Free surgical camp to correct defective lips", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fifth consecutive year, Rotary Club of Nagpur West is organizing a free camp for corrective surgeries for cleft lip and palate deformity from January 5 to 15. A dedicated medical team from Northern Cleft Foundation of United Kingdom will perform the surgeries with the help of staff of Mure Memorial Hospital. The camp is also supported by the state government's deputy director of health services (DDHS).All expenses, including those for medical, lodging and boarding for the patient and one relative, will be borne by the organizers. Conveyance and travel expenses of the patients and kin will also be taken care of, if required. Cleft deformity is a developmental abnormality wherein the lips and palate of the mouth of the affected person are malformed. Around 1 in 50,000 kids in the world are born with the defect that not only affects their appearance but also essential functions like eating, drinking and speech. Around 400 surgeries have been performed in the last four camps.\"Every year, we try to inform people from economically weak background about the camp through DDHs who inform the various primary health centers (PHCs) and the school education department of the district administration. In the past, we have had people from the far-flung areas of Gadchiroli, small towns of the neighbouring states like Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh ,\" said president of the club Sanjeev Khati.Dr Kiran Kulkarni, one of the brains behind the initiative, said \"A team of 36 medical professionals, including doctors, nurses and technicians from UK come for the camp every year. It is important that the children are identified and operated upon in early part of their life. It is not just functions like eating and drinking that are affected by the deformity, it also makes the person prone to infections.\"\"It is sad how a little physical deformity can affect a person so badly as to affect their confidence levels. It feels good to be able to help transform lives through one surgical procedure,\" said Vilas Shende, director of Mure Memorial Hospital, a 116-year-old charitable organization, associated with the camp since the last three years.Details about the camp can be had on 9552366465.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17832007", "title": "UP laptop project: Committee to assess HP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a step further, the Uttar Pradesh government has started assessing the supplying capacity of Hewlett Packard (HP), which has quoted the lowest bid for supplying 15 lakh laptops that the government will distribute among students who passed Class XII in 2012 and are pursuing higher education. And if the government finds that HP has the capacity to make the complete supply according to its delivery schedule, then the firm could get the contract.The assessment of the supplying capacity is being done by a high-level committee formed under chief secretary, Jawed Usmani. The matter has come to the table of the chief secretary after a technical committee, formed under the UP Electronics Corporation Limited Managing Director Prabhat Mittal, found that four companies qualified for supplying laptops.According to sources, HP quoted a price of Rs 19,058, including duty and taxes, for each unit of laptop, HCL quoted Rs 21,983, Lenovo quoted Rs 23,919 while the highest bid of Rs 25,199 was quoted by Acer. Government officials said that since HP quoted the lowest bid and has offered to supply the complete order, a high-level committee has been formed to assess the supply capacity of the company.\"Another official said, \"If HP is found to have insufficient capacity, then it could, accordingly, get a contract to supply a reduced quantity of laptops and the remaining quantity will be divided among the bidders ready to offer the quantity at the rate quoted by HP.\"According to the delivery schedule fixed by the state government, the selected bidder will have to supply 5% of the ordered quantity within 60 days from the date of signing of the agreement. Another 5% would be supplied in the next 30 days. The entire quantity of 15 lakh laptops has to be supplied in six installments within seven months.The state government had earlier announced that it would start distribution of laptops by December. Given the pace at which the processing of the tender is going on, it is sure to take a few more months.An official said the report of the high-level committee would be placed before the cabinet, which will give its final approval on the selection of the supplier. After the cabinet's approval, a letter of intent (LoI) will be issued to the selected supplier. An agreement will be signed with the supplier after receiving its consent on the LoI.In its election manifesto, the ruling Samajwadi Party had promised to give free laptops to students passing Class XII and free tablets to Class X passing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17823916", "title": "Tragedy of Delhi girl is a turning point in history of the country: LK Advani", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Let Delhi rape incident and death of the 23-year-old victim be a turning point in the history of the country, said senior BJP leader LK Advani .He was talking to media on the sidelines of a meeting held here to felicitate senior BJP leader O Rajagopal, who completed 50 years of public life.Describing the rape incident as horrendous, Advani asked the Centre to take strict action against the culprits. \"I do not want to criticize anyone at this point of time. But I do think that the law has to be made really stringent,\" he said.Later, addressing the audience at the Kerala University Senate Hall during felicitating Rajagopal, the former deputy prime minister said, \"In the sacred chant of Vande Mataram, woman is regarded as mother and sister, she should be honoured in a society.\"\"I not only feel grief and sorrow but even anger. How can human beings be so beastly, to gang rape a women in a moving bus,\" he asked.Pointing out that proper homage to the hapless girl would be to ensure that this kind of a horrendous incident never happened again, Advani added, \"Let this be a turning point in the history of the country.\"Earlier, while inaugurating the meeting to felicitate Rajagopal he said, \"It's not the speeches that matters but the gathering in the hall,\" said the veteran leader pointing out the delegates from various political, social and religious organizations and walks of life seated on the dais.During his speech Advani recollected an incident Swami Ranganathananda of Ramakrishna Math told him about Mohammad Ali Jinnah's maiden speech in Pakistan parliament. \"In his speech, he had appealed how Hindus should be allowed to go to temple and Muslims to mosque. In the ethos of the state all are equal. During my visit to Pakistan in 2005, I availed a copy of his speech and also narrated it to the people of Pakistan,\" said Advani. Incidentally, Advani's praising that Jinnah was a secular leader had triggered prolonged controversy in India as well as in his party in 2005.Delivering the keynote speech, opposition leader VS Achuthandan said he shared a good friendship with Rajagopal for the past four decades. \"Though we belong to two different political parties that follow opposite ideologies, we have been able to maintain a healthy friendship. We even worked together for a short stint during the emergency period, when we were in jail together. I remember Rajagopal was the candidate of the Janata Party when we worked and contested together to Lok Sabha.During his stint as minister of railways, Rajagopal did help the state in getting its share,\" said Achuthanandan.Health minister V S Sivakumar, city mayor K Chandrika , poet O N V Kurup, CPI state secretary Pannyan Raveendran, Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi chairman P Gopinathan Nair, Barthiya Vichara Kendram director P Parmeshwaran, BJP State President V Muraleedharan and Bishop Samuel Mar Irenios were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17825621", "title": "Hotels slash room rates for New Year's Eve", "text": "AURANGABAD: Those planning to ring in the New Year can look at star hotels as most hotels have offered rooms at discounted rates.To drive up room-occupancy levels, which are low in the last few days of the year, hotels across the city have dropped their rates by 30% to 40% for December 31. While some hotels are bunching the discounted rooms along with their New Year parties, others are throwing in freebies like complimentary breakfast or brunch along with lower tariffs.\"In the past couple of years, there is a growing trend of guests checking into hotels on New Year's Eve, as people want to party hard and not worry about driving back home,\" said Shrikant Jogdand, unit sales and marketing manager of a leading hotel. \"The discount on the rooms is approximately 30%,\" he added.While the president of the Aurangabad hotels and restaurant association, Harpreet Singh said, \"The rooms at our hotel are booked in advance so there is no question of offering any discounts. We entertain families who are given choice to order menu of their choice, complimented with good music and a dance floor. Looking at the safety measures the association has decided to be extra careful in providing a safe environment and has also decided not to serve liquor after 1.30 am,\" he said.The food and beverage manager of another hotel Ashutosh Panda said that they have slashed the rental rates of the rooms by about 40% on December 31. While the deputy manager of a prominent hotel Sohail Khan said, \"We have a low key celebration and there is no slash in the room rentals.\"Though some citizens are making grand plans to celebrate the New Year party but for a cross section of people it is a week for mourning, with the Delhi gang rape victim passing away on Saturday. \"We have decided not to celebrate the occasion as a mark of respect for the girl,\" said students, Shreya and Jyotsna. \"I have decided to stay indoors on New Year's Eve rather than risk my personal security,\" said Komal Mehta.Harish Zakate, a resort owner, situated at Ellora said that people have booked for overnight stay at his resort on Monday. \"All the rooms were booked 15 days in advance. We have planned to celebrate in retro style. A village theme has been decided,\" he said.Businessman Pravin Kumar said he would prefer to stay at home with his family. \"My children have planned lots of indoor activities. They have also planned to have a bonfire on our terrace. So, I am just waiting for all the surprises from my children to unwind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17824577", "title": "Puducherry's green conscience shows in design", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Footwear from used tyres, art installation from discarded vinyl records and soft toys from strips of cloth from tailoring shops - Puducherry is dotted with small boutiques displaying work by talented local designers. But the products come with a twist - it always has a sustainable edge to it. Local boutiques like Ovoid, DivaArt, Kasha Ki Asha or even Kalki offer products with an eco-friendly edge. Quirky fusion-ledand functional, these are products that are unique to Puducherry which is fast transforming into a design hub with a conscience.DivaArt, a city boutique owned by local designer Divya Goswami, features paper art which recycles scrap paper into installation pieces, bric-a-brac and even jewellery. Goswami, who did a course on accessory design from NIFT-Delhi and fashion technology from Institut Francais de la Mode-Paris, started out when \"a friend who makes stationary out of handmade paper approached me to help her design some jewellery with scrap paper\". Like most local designers, her ideas are born out of her childhood years in Puducherry and her work stints in Europe. \"Puducherry has people from all over the world who come here inspired by Sri Aurobindo and The Mother's philosophy and choose to live with a certain kind of awareness and consciousness towards nature and life,\" she said. That's why when people come to 'shop' in Puducherry, what sells best is what the city is good at -- pottery, incense, aromatherapy, craft based and organic products and alternative food items, she said.The latest addition to Puducherry's green design bandwagon is a furniture collection from local design studio Ovoid. Founded by architects Neelratan and Supriti Mittal, the studio, which has been handling end-to-end design solutions for the past ten years, has now launched a furniture line made entirely from reclaimed wood. The signature line, which is currently being showcased at the local furniture boutique Yaka, is the work of eclectic designer Biswa Rout whose local roots have mingled with his training experience in countries like Japan to create a fusion of contemporary styles.Yaka, the boutique where Ovoid furniture is being retailed, is also known for its quirky collectibles often made from recycled material like vinyl records.The boutiques in and around Puducherry and Auroville - from Kalki to Living Art to Kasha Ki Asha - cover everything from home decor to garments with a peculiarly Puducherry twist of 'eco friendly design'. Take Kasha Vande's NGO-cum-cafe Kasha ki Asha. The popular store not only sources its products from the villages around Puducherry as part of a self-help NGO but also stocks a unique range of soft toys, made from leftover material in the city's tailoring shops.Puducherry's eco-friendly credentials are, perhaps, best promoted by its most well-known brand import -Hidesign. \"Over the years, we have stuck to our credo of vegetable tanned and hand dyed products and refused to use chemicals,\" said Dilip Kapur, founder CEO, Hidesign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17824002", "title": "Thieves loot petrol worth Rs 2.16L while guards snooze", "text": "PANAJI: Around 3,880 litres of petrol worth 2.16 lakh was stolen from a petrol pump at Caranzalem-Panaji on Saturday night.The petrol pump owner, Madhav Dhond, had hired two persons to guard the petrol pump during the night, but both were asleep when the theft took place.Police sources said the incident came to light \"when the pump owner measured the petrol in the tank on Sunday. It was found that the tank was short of 150.6mm petrol, which is equal to 3,880 litres.\"The outer and inner lid of the petrol tank was found open, police sources said.Police have registered a theft case against unknown persons under Section 379 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17824581", "title": "Partying loses fizz in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fourteen days have passed since a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped in a moving bus in New Delhi. The braveheart, named Nirbhaya by TOI, died a slow, painful death in a hospital in Singapore on Saturday.While there are, unfortunately, number of rapes reported in most Indian cities with a horrific frequency, the public angst this time was unheard of in modern history of our democracy.Rallies, protests, police violence and the media frenzy ensured that this rape invoked a sense of pain in every individual in the past two weeks, while Nirbhaya fought for her life, albeit in vain.With New Year round the corner, the thought automatically turns to the parties in town but not this year. A few resilient souls have taken to mourning in their own ways.National Institute of Design (NID) has shown solidarity with a few other colleges in India by calling off their official New Year's party in the light of this event. Several others in Ahmedabad have cancelled parties and opted to stay home and offer a silent prayer for the departed. Some are burning in anguish and want to take things in their own hands.NID's student activity council cancelled the mess party that would have been attended by all courses, in a bid to honour the braveheart who passed away.\"It is a collective decision made by the student committee members to stand by the nation at a time of such uproar,\" says Pragun Agarwal, president of the council.Atul Joshi, 42, owner of a material handling firm in Ahmedabad, decided to scrap the New Year party he had planned. \"Eight families, including mine, had planned a get-together in Greenwoods. But ever since the gang rape news in Delhi started flashing on television, we have been sad. With Nirbhaya's death, we are bereaved and celebration just doesn't fit in anymore,\" he says.City-based businessman Vikram Ghanghar, 32, has been going to Dubai every yearend with his five friends. \"This December has taken a very sad turn. My friends, including a US couple who join us in Dubai, don't want to party in the wake of such tragedy. We belong to a country where women are not safe. We need to take a hard look at where we are headed. In this mental frame of mind, one doesn't think of celebrating,\" he says.Show Craft Events, an event organizing company in Ahmedabad, has cancelled all six corporate New Year parties it was holding. \"We have been following the news and much before the victim's death, we had decided to call all our events off. The clients were equally willing to cancel the party as they also felt a sense of loss. Humanity suggested we take a step back,\" says the owner of the company.There are people sharing supposed images of the victim in a hospital on social networking sites, many others are tweeting their outrage and several others are protesting outdoors. A city-based DJ says, \"While I feel that sharing such ghastly photos online or protesting is meaningless when rape is so commonplace today, I really want to do something concrete. Not partying this year is a start.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17826192", "title": "Now, NMC to set up virology lab", "text": "NASHIK: A virology lab is likely to be set up shortly in the city and is expected to be operational in the next calendar year 2013. The civic administration has chalked out a proposal to set up its own virology lab in the city and this proposal is to be tabled at the upcoming General Body Meeting (GBM) of the civic body for its approval.Presently, there is no lab in the city to test for dengue, swine flu and other ailments. The blood samples of the patients for the test of such ailments are sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in Pune.But, it takes around a week to get the test reports of blood samples for these ailments. This causes delay in proper diagnosis. Considering this fact, the NMC has decided to set up a virology lab in the city.\"We have decided to set up the lab in the city on the lines of National Institute of Virolgy, Pune. A provision of Rs 5 crore has been made in the budget for the current financial year 2012-13. The tests for dengue, swine flu and other ailments will be conducted at the lab. Patients will be able to get immediate diagnosis,\" a senior NMC official said.During April to November period, blood samples of 88 of 169 patients were found dengue positive. The blood samples were tested at the NIV, Pune.With rising cases of dengue, the chairman of the standing committee of the civic body has instructed the officials of the health department to speed up the procedure of setting up a virology lab in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17825422", "title": "Four-hour traffic curbs to prevent road mishaps during New Year celebrations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Traffic restrictions have been imposed on roads near the Hussainsagar on the night of December 31. To prevent road mishaps during New Year celebrations, traffic will not be allowed on all flyovers in the city.The traffic curbs would be in place on NTR Marg, Necklace Road and Upper Tank Bund Road from 10 pm on December 31 to 2 am on January 1.Traffic coming from VV Statue to Necklace Road and NTR Marg will be diverted towards Khairatabad and Raj Bhavan Road. Motorists moving from BRK Bhavan to NTR Marg will be diverted towards Iqbal Minar, Lakdi-ka-pul and Ayodhya junction.Vehicles moving from Liberty Junction to Secunderabad will be diverted at the GHMC office 'Y' Junction, towards BRK Bhavan, Iqbal Minar, Ravindra Bharathi, Lakdi-ka-pul and Ayodhya.Traffic from Khairatabad Market to Necklace Road Rotary will be diverted at Khairatabad towards Meera Talkies lane. The Mint Compound lane adjacent to Secretariat will be closed for vehicular traffic.Vehicles coming from Nallagutta railway bridge to Sanjeevaiah Park and Necklace Road will be diverted towards Karbala Maidan or Minister Road. Traffic from Secunderabad to Tank Bund will be diverted at Sailing Club towards Kavadiguda Crossroads, Lower Tank Bund, Kattamaisamma Temple, Ashok Nagar and RTC Crossroads.All flyovers would be closed during the four-hour restriction and traffic police would conduct anti-drunken driving checks throughout the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17825564", "title": "Lucknow remembers Nirbhaya, opts for low-key New Year celebrations", "text": "LUCKNOW: As a tribute to Delhi gangrape victim Nirbhaya, the city will have low-key New Year celebrations.PL Gupta, head of sales and marketing of a hotel near Parivartan Chowk, said, \"People have made their bookings earlier so they will go ahead with New Year parties. However, all the parties will be a low-key affair.\" Endorsing similar views, event in charge of a lounge in Gomtinagar, Ish Chopra said, \"Though we are not canceling the parties, their duration will be reduced. We will try to wind up the party soon.\" Two New Year parties are scheduled to take place on this lounge.Shattered and shocked over the gruesome incident, the women are extra cautious about their safety during New Year celebrations. Even some regular party goers are giving prominence to safety over celebrations.Bhawna Bisht, MCom student, goes out every year for New Year celebrations along with her friends. But worried over her safety, she has arranged for a New Year party at her home, where only close friends are invited. \"The city is not safe and hence it will be best if we do not go out at night. We will enjoy, dance and celebrate at my home,\" she said.Ayushi Srivastava, a working professional, will also celebrate New Year at her home. Till last year she preferred long drives on the New Year eve. \"On New Year, hordes of people come out to celebrate it. Most of the instances of eve-teasing and molestation take place in crowded places. At night, tipsy revelers throng public places. Instead of taking risk, I have preferred to remain at home this year,\" she said.Even the parents are concerned and have advised their daughters to stay back at home. Nirmala Mishra, a housewife, has asked her two daughters to celebrate New Year at home and if they wish to go out, then they should return by noon. \"There has been sudden increase in the cases of sexual harassment. After the gruesome Delhi gangrape, I am scared to let my daughters to go out in the dark. It is not at all safe to come home at night on an auto-rickshaw or a two-wheeler,\" she said.Some women planning to hang out at night have decided to carry self-defense goods. Vineeta Jukaria, an engineer, said she will carry a knife while her friend will carry a pepper spray to ward off eve-teasers.Meanwhile, railways has cancelled all its New Year celebrations as part of homage to Nirbhaya's death.Nirbhaya inspires New Year's messagesNirbhaya's death is echoing in New Year's messages as well. Messages praying that she gets justice and wishing for every person's rights and dignity are doing the rounds in the city. Utkarsh Verma, a student, who is also forwarding such messages said, \"In our country, only few people get justice. I am forwarding this message so that people can hope for justice in 2013.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17825137", "title": "Eight Indians trapped in Iranian ship off Sri Lanka", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Eight Indian crew members of a detained Iranian ship are learnt to have landed in troubled waters off the coast of Sri Lanka and are allegedly facing the wrath of their 16 fellow Iranian crew members for their refusal to sail back with the ship and the rest of the crew till their documents, which were seized by Sri Lankan authorities, were not returned.The beleaguered Indian crew members, who are understood to have been trapped inside the ship MV Amina for the past two weeks in international waters close to Sri Lanka, includes Vizagite Nalla Anand, who is the third engineer on board the ship.One of the Indian crew members, Bosun Jesuraj has been reportedly suffering from high blood pressure and severe chest pain for the past three days but was not being sent to the hospital by the ship's captain who was allegedly treating him on the ship despite his worsening condition, Anand informed TOI through SMS. \"All 8 Indians in tension and badly waiting for sign off because of the situation prevailing here,\" Anand said in the message.The Lankan authorities had reportedly, acting on behalf of a German bank, detained the Iranian ship as the shipping company IRISL of Iran had taken a loan of Euro 250 million from the bank to buy the ship but had changed the name of the ship MV Shere to MV Amina without making the necessary payments and let it sail in international waters, the sources said.The ship set sail from China on November 18 and reached Sri Lankan waters on December 6 with 24 crew members on board. The anchor position of the ship was shifted twice before it finally anchored near Galle Port on December 14 where the Lankan authorities confiscated the ship's documents, including the passports and other documents of the Indian crew members, sources said.According to sources, the ship was forcibly docked on December 24 after it made attempts to move out of Lankan waters despite severe opposition from the Indian crew, who were ready to get off board as they did not have the requisite documents to travel to Iran.V Rajasekhar, a relative of Nalla Anand told TOI that he tried to take the help of one of his friends, Gunasekharan, in Sri Lanka after he his brother Anand informed him about the incident. \"With the help of Gunasekharan, the matter was presented before the Indian embassy in Lanka as well as the Lankan authorities,\" Rajasekhar said.Pointing out that his brother and other Indian crew members were in no way connected to the dispute between the owners of the vessel and the German bank, Rajasekhar said that they were only contracted to help in sailing the ship through a Mumbai-based N Deep Sea Shipping and Manning Services.According to Rajasekhar, a Sri Lankan court had ordered the ship to be brought closer Galle port but the captain of the ship allegedly pretended that the vessel had developed engine problems. The court is now slated to hear the case on January 10, 2013.The matter has already been brought to the attention of Union shipping minister GK Vasan and other top officials by family members of Nalla Anand, who are now waiting for necessary action from the Indian authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17767344", "title": "Top 10 movies that rocked Bollywood", "text": "Action, drama, comedy or romance - you name it and Bollywood had it this year. Be it small-budget content-driven films or typical potboilers, the industry saw a great mix of movies throughout 2012.Here are the best of the lot that rocked the box office:Ek Tha Tiger : The very fact that former real-life couple Katrina Kaif and Salman Khan were the lead pair for this film was enough to draw audiences to the theatres. Its songs, picturisation and power-packed action kept the cash registers ringing, and helping this film garner approximately Rs.190 crore. Salman played an Indian spy named Tiger , who falls head over heels in love with a female spy from Pakistan , essayed by Katrina. Their chemistry, of course, worked.Rowdy Rathore: The return of khiladi Akshay Kumar - that's what this film was awaited for. Akshay's action, mixed with Prabhudheva's distinct taste of dance and exaggerated jumps, gave Hindi movie buffs a perfect masala affair. The Bollywood remake of Telugu movie Vikramarkudu , it also stared Sonakshi Sinha. The movie earned Rs.140 crore.Agneepath: A remake yet again. The success ratio of remakes of past hits has been low, but Agneepath was a dream debut for Karan Malhotra. He added a contemporary touch to the eponymous 1990 movie. With Hrithik Roshan reprising the role of Vijay Dinanath Chauhan and Sanjay Dutt playing the villain Kaancha Cheena, Agneepath turned out to be 2012's first blockbuster and managed to mint around Rs.120 crore.Housefull 2: One would hardly think of enjoying a movie with 12 known actors playing key roles. But this one managed to entertain viewers. A sequel to hit 2010 movie Housefull, this Sajid Khan film, with its classic comic sequences, but slightly crowded cast, made over Rs.110 crore at the box office.Barfi! : The simple story line, sensitive treatment and excellent performances helped Anurag Basu's Barfi! establish an emotional connect with the audience. The love story of a deaf and mute boy, played deftly by Ranbir Kapoor, with an autistic girl, essayed by National award-winning actress Priyanka Chopra , left many teary eyed. India's official entry for the foreign film category Oscar this year, the movie, which is now out of the Oscar race, made collections of Rs.110 crore.Jab Tak Hai Jaan: Love was redefined in typical Yash Chopra way with Jab Tak Hai Jaan . The late filmmaker, who bid adieu to the world just a few days before the movie's release, gave his final work with the king of romance Shah Rukh Khan in the lead. The movie, also featuring Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , captured the scenic beauty of London and Kashmir very well - garnering collections of over Rs.120 crore.Bol Bachchan: It was hard to think of a modern day version of the 1979 comedy Gol Maal . But Rohit Shetty made it happen - and how! This Abhishek Bachchan and Ajay Devgn-starrer turned out to be truly paisa vasool . Ajay's one-liner English dialogues and Abhishek's double dhamaal paved the way for crossing the Rs.100-crore mark for this film.Son Of Sardaar : Remember Ajay Devgn and his Phool Aur Kaante stunt on two bikes? He took it to the next level by riding together on two horses in Son of Sardaar . A turban-clad Ajay managed to tickle the viewers' funny bone, along with Sanjay Dutt and Sonakshi Sinha , and helped this movie make around Rs.105 crore.Talaash: Aamir Khan's Midas touch rarely fails. Talaash was just another case in point. This suspense thriller by Reema Kagti narrated the story of a Mumbai cop trying to put a puzzle in place and it kept the audience on the edges of their seats. The film, also starring Kareena Kapoor and Rani Mukerji, made around Rs.90 crore at the Indian box office.OMG: Oh My God!: Comedy, sadness, anger and greed. Paresh Rawal carried out all emotions in one character flawlessly. Akshay Kumar played god in the Umesh Shukla-directorial, which questioned the existence of god. Complete with humour and a message, the movie minted over Rs.70 crore at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "17826570", "title": "In Japan, hire a private drone on rent to help fight crime", "text": "TOKYO: A Japanese security firm is planning to rent out private drones that will take off when intruder alarms are tripped and record live footage of break-ins.Secom Co unveiled a helicopter like drone prototype it said can detect and videotape suspicious vehicles and people breaking into the premises of a shop, warehouse, factory or other properties, Kyodo News agency said.\"The flying robot could take off if our online security systems detect any unauthorized entry,\" Asuka Saito, a spokeswoman for Secom, said. \"It would enable us to quickly check out what's actually happening on the spot,\" she said.The machine, equipped with four propellers, is 60 centimetre long and wide and weighs around 1.6kg.It takes off once it receives an alert from groundbased laser sensors to approach the target and transmit video data to its control center.The company said it aims to start renting the machine for less than $58 a month in 2014 and it is interested in selling the service in other countries as well. \"To reduce crime, we wanted to develop a flying robot that can approach a culprit and his or her vehicles as closely as possible ,\" said Secom chief Shuji Maeda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17826021", "title": "Plan panel to focus on water management: Narendra Jadhav", "text": "PUNE: The 12th five-year plan (2013-2017) will focus on water management and water policy of the country, said Narendra Jadhav, a member of the planning commission.Speaking at the inauguration of a two-day convention of agricultural activists in the city on Sunday, Jadhav stressed on the need to teach water management to tribals, so that they can sustain on their own. The convention has its focus on developing farm practices in tribal-dominated areas of the country with around 1500 representatives attending the meet at the New English School on Tilak Road. Effective use of water resources, especially using conservation methods, is one of the prominent subjects of discussion, apart from management of soil, seeds, processing, etc.The former vice-chancellor of Pune University, also expressed disappointment at the dysfunction of the Panchayat Extensions of Scheduled Areas Act (PESA Act) introduced in 1996 to uplift the status of tribal and nomadic tribes in the country.\"The National Advisory Committee has discussed issues related to PESA. Committee president Sonia Gandhi , in turn, wrote to the Prime Minister. I can definitely say that soon the PESA act will be transformed into something that will be easy to implement and help to uplift tribals,\" Jadhav said.Ravi Pandit, chairman and CEO of KPIT Cummins said, \"Progress of people living in villages can happen only if development reaches their villages. Such a development is possible only if people become self-sufficient.\"YG Ghaisas, chairman of Suyash Charitable Trust, which organized the two-day event, gave an introduction about the activities of the trust in tribal areas of north Maharashtra, Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Odisha and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17824023", "title": "Tarun Gogoi releases Assam Pradesh Congress Committee's panchayat poll manifesto", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi released the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee's (APCC) 'Panchayat Poll Manifesto 2013' at Rajiv Bhawan here on Sunday. Gogoi said the main focus of his party will be to wipe out insurgency from the state with development in rural areas.\"Due to the slow development rate in remote areas of tea gardens, char-chaporis (sand islands on the Brahmaputra) and flood-hit areas, Maoists succeeded in intruding these areas. However, the state government is going to bar the red rebels for spreading their tentacles this time with speedy development in these areas. Lack of employment opportunities has led many of our youths from villages to choose the path of violence, but we are going to take steps to generate employment to stop this trend,\" said the chief minister.He said the APCC manifesto has included various plans to develop all sectors of rural economy in the state, adding that the state government is going to press for better health and education facilities in rural Assam.\"We have miles to go in the education sector in rural Assam. So far, Anganwadi centers have been working for better education of the youth of rural Assam, but we also need to emphasize on developing skilled manpower,\" he said.The manifesto also talked about better roads, bridges, public health centers, public distribution system and infrastructural development in rural areas in the coming days and hailed the need for rise in agro-based industry in the state.\"In our last term, we succeeded to raise production in agriculture and fishery. We want to export more agro-based products. We want to accelerate the pace of growth in rural industries to meet national standards,\" Gogoi said.The manifesto reiterated promises on job cards, IAY schemes, SGSY, electrification, cottage industries and ST status to six communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17826277", "title": "Rescuing the future of convicts' kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Twelve-year-old Smitha (name changed) wants to become an IAS officer . Ask her why, she says, \"May be I can do something good to the poor.\"Smitha is literally a case of future salvaged. Her childhood would have withered away either in a jail or in the big bad world where she would never have been allowed to overcome the stigma of being a convict's child.Now studying in an English medium school, Smitha dreams big, thanks to the Society's Care for Indigent (So Care Ind), an NGO, of which she is an inmate.So Care Ind runs three centres, Rajajinagar (girls) and Laggere (boys) in Bangalore and one in Gulbarga, where 179 inmates like Smitha are housed. The NGO doesn't see them as children of murderers, rapists, dacoits, robbers and pickpockets. It treats them with dignity, restores their innocence and helps them return to the mainstream with self-belief and hope.Set up in 1979, the NGO has ensured that children from over 300 families of convicts have been able to dream of becoming police officers, IAS officers, doctors and teachers. The children's parents are in Parappana Agrahara, Hindalaga, Shimoga and Mysore prisons and sub-jails across Karnataka.So Care Ind was founded by the late V Mani, a former AGM with a nationalized bank, who once walked every day in front of Central Jail, then on Seshadri Road. Watching children waiting in front of the jail and pleading with officials to let them meet their parents, Mani decided to do something for them.After retirement, Mani began So Care Ind by giving shelter, food and schooling to two girl children in his house. Sheltering convicts' children was easy. But getting them educated was a Herculean task. Most children who came to the NGO had been rusticated by their institutions following their parents' infamy.\"When we went to private English schools, they ignored us and asked us go to government schools. They did not want to admit our children due to the stigma they carried. But we persisted and managed to convince them. Now, all our children are studying; over 70% of them are in English schools with CBSE and ICSE syllabus,\" says a trustee.Mani passed away a month ago, but his institution has grown into a tree and is administered by nine trustees and three wardens.How does it work?Prisoners route applications for their children through jail authorities. The NGO's representatives visit the prisoner and his or her family. They counsel the family on how the children's future will be secure with them. Children are taken only with parents' consent. The centre gets about 40 formal applications and many oral requests, every year. Only 20 children are taken every year.R Venkateshanathan, secretary, So Care Ind, says, \"These children carry with them battered memories. Some of them might have even witnessed crime,\" he says.The children are educated in schools and encouraged to to take part in other activities like singing, classical dance, sports and craft. Two boys have won laurels in Taekwondo and taken part in the nationals.They brought light in my life, says girlSavithri (name changed) was a toddler when her father was convicted of a crime. \"My mother is illiterate. I went to a hostel. My brother joined So Care Ind. I joined him when I was in PU. After doing B.Com, I joined an insurance firm. I will join an auditor in six months. My brother scored 93% in SSLC. The centre has brought light in our lives. We have now joined our mother as she is a heart patient,\" says the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17826030", "title": "University of Pune plans shuttle service, women guards", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has initiated steps to ensure better safety of girl students on campus. The measures the varsity will take up include revival of battery-operated shuttle service for women, deputing 13 women security guards at the girls' hostel and strengthening of the women's harassment cell.Vice-chancellor W N Gade asserted that although no complaints of harassment or eve- teasing have been received by the harassment cell so far, the steps had been taken to make girl students feel safe. \"It is our moral duty to make the varsity safe for women. Precaution is always better than cure hence we have made adequate arrangements to make sure that no woman is ill-treated on campus.\" He further said that the harassment cell will be strengthened with a strong redressal mechanism to handle complaints.The UoP also has plans to revive the battery-operated shuttle service for movement of students within the varsity campus. Gade said, \"I am speaking to a couple of agencies to run the vehicle. The shuttle will operate in the campus from morning until 10 pm.\"\"The science departments such as life sciences and others sometimes require girls to work for long hours in the laboratory which many a times stretches beyond 9 pm. During such situations, each head of the department has been asked to escort the girls to their respective hostel building and those staying outside the UoP campus will be escorted till the gate,\" Gade said.He said that apart from having women security guards at the girls' hostels, lady wardens have been appointed and entry of men is restricted in the girl's hostel. The hostel timings are fixed and students need written permission from the warden, if they come in beyond the stipulated time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17824406", "title": "Many NET candidates miss exam", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 100 candidates, who were to appear for the National Eligibility Test (NET) on Sunday at RD National College and another centre in Bandra, complained that they were delayed due to the CR mega block. The NET exam, conducted by the UGC, was held in eight centres across Mumbai University's jurisdiction. Candidates living as far as Karjat and Ulhasnagar reached up to an hour late due to the mega block.One of the candidates, Sneha U, said, \"I took a train from Karjat at 6.30am for the 9.30am schedule. I reached the centre an hour later. The centre in-charge should have taken the mega block into consideration.\"However, National College principal Dinesh Panjwani said there were around 2,226 students appearing for the exam from his centre and over 75% had managed to reach on time. \"The OMR sheet for the first paper was to be submitted in 1 hour and 15 minutes. Students who reached an hour late could not have completed the paper in less time,\" Panjwani said.D Harichandan, UGC co-ordinator from the varsity, said, \"Those who could not take the test can do so in June, 2013.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17825652", "title": "No takers for cards in e-age", "text": "KOLKATA: New Year always meant greeting loved ones with cards - not the virtual ones, but the tangible paper variety. But those days are gone, with social networking sites and SMSs outdoing the trend of gifting cards.Most people complain that they are too hard pressed for time to go shopping for paper greeting cards. Added to that is the convenience factor offered by SMSs and social networking sites. Manisha Bafna, a student from Bangalore who is in the city for the New Year, said: \"I used to buy cards back in school, but now using the Blackberry Messenger or Facebook makes it much easier to connect with friends wherever they might be. So I've stopped buying them\".But there is still a small section of people who religiously follow the tradition of wishing people on New Year with a card, believing there is always a special feeling hidden in the written messages.For them, the bulk SMSs, emails or bulk posts on social networking sites invariably find their way to the trash or erased at once to make space for the hundreds of messages that pour in throughout the day. They are not satisfied with the \"mere formality\" done by most people with the messages neither being coming from the sender's heart nor being treasured by the receiver.Ratna Saha is one of the few who still believe there is no feeling comparable to receiving a card from a loved one. The homemaker from Lake Town said: \"Whenever I received a greeting card during my college days, especially on New Year, it felt so special. It was lovely to see the happiness on people's faces when I wished them with a card. I still buy them and will also do so this New Year.\"According to Madhur Saha, owner of a greeting card store near New Market, there's still more demand for cards and goodies on Valentines Day than on New Year. He added there has been a dip in sales of New Year cards this time compared to previous years.But then there are youngsters like Anurupa Mandal who still find gifting cards the best way of expressing feelings. The 21-year-old law student from KIIT University said: \"I still buy greeting cards, be it Valentines Day or New Year, as it has got a personal touch to it, which lacks in those mere SMSs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-31"}
