{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749232", "title": "Safety norms at cold storage breached at every level", "text": "NAGPUR: Safety seems to have been the last thing on the mind of the owners of Pravesh Cold Storage in Kalamana. The tottering building which had to undergo repairs a fortnight before the fall was overloaded till the last sack of grains brought it down.A column in the sides had bent to such an extent that only a week ago the whole structure tilted. With this makeshift repairs were made to support the structure, said sources in the business.This was also confirmed by a close associate of the cold storage's promoter Pramod Khandelwal, who but blamed the contractor for it. He claimed that the whole structure came up on a refilled lake but the architect did not take suitable measures keeping the strata in mind. The first floor is said to have been buried a few feet below the ground.According to sources, rampant loading of the warehouse continued, even as certain basic features of building a cold storage were ignored. They expressed surprise over the speed at which the whole building was constructed saying that loading began even as construction continued in one of the floors. It was built like a residential apartment overlooking the thumb rule for making a cold storage, they added.The six storied building had ceilings made of concrete slab in each floor. Multi-storied cold storages are common but none have concrete slabs. This is because the slabs have the possibility of caving in due to excess weight.\"The floors of the upper storey are rather made of wood planks with strong beams supporting them. So in such case of a fall, only a few planks give in, while the beams hold rest of the load. However, the rubble at the Pravesh Cold Storage shows huge slabs of concrete, which broke bringing the entire structure down,\" said a fellow businessman.Strangely, even as other cold storages are used for keeping commodities like fruits and chilli, this one was largely stacked with foodgrains which are much heavier than the former. It is estimated that at least 5,000 sacks of grains would have been there.Though not prohibited, stacking grains in a cold storage is not common. If at all grains have to be stored, then the lowest storey is used but here almost every floor of the building had sacks of grains. The cold storage is learnt to have been originally built to store fruits. Sources in the grain trade said many of the businessmen used his facility because of cheaper rent.The city has over 11 cold storages mainly concentrated in same area with owners having formed an association too. However, Khandelwal was not a member and he rather remained aloof from others.Pares Chandra Goal the association's secretary, who confirmed that Khandelwal was not a member, added that none of the cold storages in the city store grains. These are mainly used for storing much lighter items like chilli. A sack of chilli weights only 40 kgs while grains is 100 kgs, which makes a major difference when it come to load-bearing capacity of a building.Khandelwal also appears to be having utter disregard of the norms as the cold storage was also not registered under the factory's act which the department confirms to be a wilful default from his side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749194", "title": "NMC choking yet more roadside trees", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as NMC has done little to remove tar and cement from around trunks of trees along city roads for months, it is going ahead and choking even more trees during its ongoing roads and footpaths repair work.NMC claims it did not start the work of freeing the tree trunks as the work order for the same had not been issued. NB Shrikhande, superintendent, garden department, NMC cited 'technical problems' for the delay. But it was at least possible for it to make sure that no further trees were choked during new works.Vishakha Rao, founder president, Hirvai, a local green NGO, said, \"In our area work of paving the footpath is going on. They are laying the interlocking bricks up to the tree's stem, thus choking it.\" She also said that in Mumbai she saw that while paving the road, a decent amount of ground was left around a tree to prevent its destruction. \"Why can't this be done in Nagpur too,\" Rao asked.During last couple of years a number of trees in city have collapsed after being weakened by the choking effect. Road widening has resulted in tar and concrete choking the tree trunks cutting off their supply of nutrients and moisture. TOI had earlier reported how despite standing committee chairman Sandeep Joshi's order, no work was undertaken to free the trees. Joshi had said he had set aside Rs 30 lakh for the work and now onus lay on the garden department.Swanand Soni of Srishti Paryavaran Sanstha said that he had submitted a nine-page guideline for protection of roadside trees. \"It was passed in the house but action is yet to take place. The file is stuck with the municipal commissioner and so is the work,\" he said.He further said that the choking led to premature death of the trees. \"There is no aeration for the roots and they fail to absorb the nutrients and water from the surface of the earth during monsoons,\" said Soni.Shrikant Deshpande, who has filed a PIL in the high court, said NMC granted permission to NHAI to fell over 50 trees near Pagalkhana Chowk. On the other hand, NMC affidavit filed by garden superintendent N S Shrikhande in the court, had sought a year's time to protect city's green cover by opening trunks of choked trees.Even after months, the work order is yet to be issued. Of 3,365 choked trees, NMC could free trunks of only 619 trees so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749803", "title": "Shripad gets nod in BJP's list of candidates", "text": "PANAJI: Fearing that the Bahujan Samaj may turn their back on the party in the March 3 polls, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday finalized the name of its North Goa MP Shripad Naik. He is among 24 candidates cleared by the BJP's state election committee. The candidates in the remaining constituencies will be declared on February 4.Sources said that the BJP high command, after assessing the situation in the state, decided to nominate Naik for the Porvorim seat considering various factors. Central party leadership realized that the Bhandari factor could damage the party prospects in several other constituencies including Panaji. Whether the decision was taken after the Congress decided to give the ticket to mayor Yatin Parekh in Panaji is not known.As reported earlier, the undercurrents in the Bahujan Samaj and especially among the Bhandari Samaj was going against the BJP for trying to deny a ticket to Shripad Naik. He is a prominent leader of the Bhandari community in Goa. Secondly, the party leadership couldn't give any justification as to why he should be denied the ticket. Workers of Naik were upset that some senior state leaders had, on one hand recommended his name to the central election committee, but had opposed his candidature in New Delhi. They had viewed this as a strong move to deny the chief ministership to a member of the Bahujan Samaj if elected to power.HIghly-places BJP sources said that the party \"is working out some strategy\" in Salcete and hence is not able to clear names in Cuncolim, Nuvem, Benaulim and Curtorim constituencies. They added that they are working with some politicians as \"understanding partners\" after which the party will declare their candidates.BJP is also stuck on the Sanguem seat where BJP has sitting MLA Vasudev Gaonkar who belongs to the ST community. For some time now, the party wanted to replace Gaonkar but leaders seem to have reviewed the decision.Sources said that BJP state election committee has also decided to support Nirmal Sawant as an independent candidate in Cumbharjua. Last election BJP also supported Sawant who lost the election with a margin of less than 500 votesSources also said that Vasco constituency is stuck because of stiff opposition within the BJP mandal to acccept Carlos Almeida as a BJP candidate.Sources said Bicholim seat will be finalized once the Congress list is announced. Tivim, Ponda, Priol, Marciam, Dabolim, St Cruz, Quepem, Savordem are kept on hold due to alliance with Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP).Sources said, BJP state election committee has cleared the names as follows, Valpoi: Satyavijay Naik, Poriem: Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane, Sanqulim: former health minister Suresh Amonkar, Mayem: Anant Shet, Aldona: Glen Ticlo, Mapusa: Francisco D' Souza, Siolim: Dayanand Mandrekar, Pernem: Rajendra Arlekar, Mandrem: BJP president Laximikant Parsekar, Saligao: Dilip Parulekar, Calangute: Michael Lobo, Porvorim: Shripad Naik, Panaji: opposition leader Manohar Parrikar, St Andre: Vishnu Surya Wagh, Taleigao: Dattaprasad Naik, Shiroda: Mahadev Naik, Mormugao: Milind Naik, Cortalim: Matanhy Saldanha, Margao: Rupesh Mhatme, Fatorda: Damodar Naik, Navelim: Sheikh Jinnah, Velim: Vivan Raikar, Canacona: Ramesh Tawadkar and Curchorem: Nilesh CabralGoa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748151", "title": "Nagma entertains crowd, seeks votes for Congress", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than a campaigning, the mass gathering resembled a wedding function with Nagma as obvious bride. Never before Hatha Sitara Begum witnessed such a huge crowd. It was 7.00 pm and people were already seated on the chairs, their eyes eagerly waiting for a glimpse of Bollywood star Nagma. As soon as she entered the park, the atmosphere turned euphoric.People stood up from their chairs and assembled near the dais for a perfect photograph. Party functionaries almost forgot everything else, and tried to grab a seat next to the star. It was followed by lights, camera and action. While the youth captured Nagma's face in their mobile phones, smiling faces of women answered the reason for their presence. \"We have come here to see the Bollywood star. She has taken out time to come here and talk to us,\" said Meena.After being welcomed with countless garlands, Nagma said, \"I am not a guest in Uttar Pradesh. In fact, I am proud to be associated with the Congress. I am here to make an appeal to vote for Congress if you want all-round development.\" The star appeal, certainly took people for a ride. Women stood outside their homes, their counterparts tried to occupy a place near the stage. Every time, a party functionary spoke against other parties, the audience gave a round of applause. One could hear pro-Congress slogans such as 'Congress party zindabad, Nagma ji zindabad' even from a distance. \"Never before, there has been such a huge gathering in the park. It is only because of Nagma, who came here and inspired us with her speech,\" said Prem Lata, a local resident.Standing next to Nagma was Congress candidate from the region, Neeraj Bora who reminded audience of the time when the state was ruled by SP, BJP and BSP. \"The Congress flags at our homes tell that we will vote for the party,\" said Ram Nath. Amidst, kids had a gala time. Not understanding as to why they were there, they cheerfully held Congress flags and wore caps that read, 'Vote for Congress'.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748782", "title": "KMC asked for night shelter list: City police", "text": "KOLKATA: The police letter suggesting that a few Kolkata Municipal Corporation schools, health clinics, community halls and other vacant government land be used as night shelters came after KMC requested the police to help them identify such places to provide vagabonds a safe night stay in keeping with apex court guidelines. This list was prepared in consultation with the local councillors and the KMC borough office-bearers. A separate order was issued on Friday to the police station's OCs to understand whether KMC officials have any objection to any place suggested in the list.TOI had reported on the list sent by the commissioner of Kolkata Police to mayor Sovan Chatterjee. It was also reported that KMC's member mayor-in-council Atin Ghosh had termed the use of health clinics and schools run by KMC as \"absurd\".Reacting to the TOI report, joint commissioner of police (crime) Damayanti Sen said: \"Police have no locus standi on the matter. We were asked by the KMC to help them prepare a list of possible places which can be used as night shelters. Accordingly, the divisional DCPs were asked to prepare the list with due consultation with the local KMC office bearers and councillors. The implementing authority is the KMC and the social welfare department. Whether any of these places will ultimately be used for night shelters rests on them. Should they seek our help regarding this, it is our duty to assist them. But we can't decide on it ourselves.\"On Friday, a fresh order was issued to the respective OCs to go back to the KMC office bearers and understand whether they have any objection to the places mentioned in the list and should they have, it would be further intimated to the KMC. Core to the issue is to identify places where vagabonds can be provided a safe night refuge from 9 pm to 6 am. \"The objective was to identify government properties which are not put to use during the night and are well capacitated to accommodate people. Inputs were taken from people who are in charge of these or are in the know,\" a senior officer said.The Kolkata Police already runs several social welfare programmes - one even recognised by the Unicef. The Nabadisha programme now runs across 31 police stations, where street children are educated in police stations. Several NGOs partner Kolkata Police in this effort. The training schedules are during the afternoon and even night, to allow children - in cases even their parents - to be taught.The other programme which is now gaining applause is Kiran, an effort to train women so that they can sustain on their own. Five Kiran centres are already in operation. These are primarily located in minority areas where women's going out on work is still considered a taboo.In addition to their programmes for the elderly, Pronam, the Kolkata Police also run a unique programme with schoolchildren who go on a monthly visit to police stations. The children are taught how police work, how they can make a difference and bring police more closely to them. The Kolkata Police's social welfare programme is looked after by an additional commissioner of police and runs from the Alipore Bodyguard Lines under an OC, community policing.In fact, chief minister Mamata Banerjee is tentatively slated to inaugurate one such programme on February 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748553", "title": "Students post notes on the web wall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Central Board of Secondary Education and Indian Certificate of Secondary Education board exams approaching, the consequent queries and worries of classes X and XII students are finding a way on social networking sites.From sharing notes to finding a solution to their subject-related problems, the sites are helping them in many ways. To get study tips, some students post queries like, \"I am unable to finish my syllabus, what should I do?\" and \"Help me concentrate and deal with stress\" among others. Reema Saini, a Class XII non-medical student, said, \"I usually get stuck with mathematical problems, so I post these on Facebook. Then, my friends and at times my tuition teachers solve.\"There are others who fix a time to meet online at night and then study together. Sonam Bakshi of class XII said, \"On holidays, six of my friends and I study in a group. But as school and tuitions keep us busy on week days, we get together online through Facebook, gtalk or Skype to studya?\u00a6 and at times we turn on webcam too. We meet at 9.30pm or 10pm, decide on the subject and chapter, sometimes divide the content among seven of us and then study for an hour or two. In the end, we share what we studied. We remain logged in, so that if anyone gets stuck, others can help.\"While studying hard, they do not forget to thank these sites' founders. \"There is hardly a day when we do not thank Mark Zuckerberg and others for providing us these blessings. After all, their sites have answers to all our queries,\" smiled Prashant Diwan of Class X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "11748866", "title": "Indian in Dubai gets his million after 4-month wait", "text": "DUBAI: He quit his job as a waiter after winning a million dirham jackpot. But as luck would have he languished for four months without seeing a penny of his fortune but has now finally managed to lay his hands on the prized cheque.The rags to riches story of Pottengal Ahamed, who hails from Kerala, has all elements of a Bollywood thriller.Ahamed had put his savings - all of around Rs 40,000 (3,000 dirhams) - to buy UAE's saving certificate called National Bonds.Around four months ago he received an SMS announcing that he has won 1 million dirhams in a draw.\"It was around 7.30 pm. I was serving food as usual when I got an SMS from National Bonds saying I have won one million dirhams.\"Later that evening I showed the SMS to some friends. One of them called up National Bonds. When they confirmed that I had indeed won, I felt my heart pound so heavily I thought I would faint,\" Ahamed told a Dubai daily.Ahamed quit his 1,300 dirham job. \"A few days later I told my employer to find someone else. For eighteen years, I've been cleaning dishes \" said the father of three.However, he could not get his hands on his million. Communication with the authorities was difficult because Ahamed speaks only broken Hindi. \"Every time I went to an exchange house or bank and ask for my money I was turned away. I didn't know what to do,\" he said.He was all set to fly back to India since his visa was also expiring, when Gulf News brought his story to the attention of National Bonds CEO Qasim Ali Ali.Finally on January 29, he was called again. This time Ahamed was handed the cheque, which he deposited.\"I will start a grocery in Dubai when I come back and will need all the money. One has to spend wisely, you know,\" he told the newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11748262", "title": "Ad-hoc development mars north", "text": "The three wards closest to the northern periphery of the city-R-North, R-Central and R-South-suffer from the same affliction of lack of open spaces. Barring Sanjay Gandhi National Park, the Kandivli-Borivli-Dahisar belt has few green lungs to boast of, a problem worsened by the proliferation of encroachments, rising population and unrestrained development.In R-South, as in its neighbouring wards, mangroves are increasingly getting lost to high-rises. The capacity of the sewer lines there has not been increased since the time they were laid during the Raj, and the volume of water supply remains the same as it was years ago. \"Almost 30% of Mumbai's population lives between Goregaon and Dahisar, but only 20% of the city's water supply goes there,\" says BJP MLA Yogesh Sagar.Provisional census figures show that the population has been growing steadily in western suburbs. The wards of R-North, R-Central and R-South now constitute 13.5% of the city's population.Slum-dwellers, who make up the majority of R-South's population, too complain of lack of civic amenities. Slum pockets of Damu Nagar, Hanuman Nagar, Janupada, Renuka Nagar, Ganesh Nagar, Bambrekar Nagar and Sai Nagar constantly suffer from water shortage.R-North, which runs along the national park and covers Mandapeshwar and IC Colony, has large pockets of slums as well. They cover tracts of forestland and mangrove patches, and have in recent years pushed up the ward's population.Residents complain that traffic snarls have become unbearable in Dahisar (R-North). Roads like Rawalpada, Kandarpada and Konkanipada in Dahisar (East) have several bottlenecks. \"Many private buses ply from Dahisar. There are no parking facilities for them, so they are parked on either side of narrow roads,\" says Congress corporator from Ketakipada Rajendra Chaube. \"This affects traffic movement.\"\"Traffic is a problem everywhere. But the absence of proper footpaths makes it worse here,\" said HK Rao, a resident of R-North ward and a member of the Kulupwadi Residents' Welfare Association. \"Even when there are pavements, they cannot be used due to encroachments.\"R-Central (Borivli, Gorai) is in a similar muddle. A number of old housing societies are being redeveloped in the ward, increasing the demands on civic resources. Though the tunnel from Mahavir Nagar to Borivli (West) has bolstered the supply to the area, water shortage remains a concern. Another common complaint is encroachment along the Borivli station road.Willie Shirsat, a Dahisar resident and member of AGNI, says: \"Compared to the island city, there is a lot of scope for proper planning in this area since it is relatively new. Sadly, the ward is seeing haphazard development. There are no proper hospitals and schools in the entire area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748878", "title": "Fair ground for activism", "text": "KOLKATA: The cancellation of Taslima Nasrin's book release programme created an uproar in the literary circle across the country. The repercussion was felt throughout Friday at the Kolkata Book Fair, with the crowd waiting with bated breath for two warring groups to lock horns over the issue. However, none of the groups finally turned up by the end of the day.In the mean time, Nasrin's seventh volume of the autobiography - Nirbashan - sold like hot cakes under police surveillance and the publishers ran out of stock by evening.The procession by human rights activists belonging to the APDR will take place at 3pm on Saturday, according to an SMS the rights body has been circulating since Friday evening. Several renowned people from the world of literature and culture are expected to join the procession.On Wednesday, representatives of the All India Minority Forum decried the release of the book by the publisher at their own stall. They demanded that the latest release be withdrawn forthwith from the fair.\"We were under the impression that the book was not being sold after our protest. The reality being quite different, we will have to discuss with the Imam of Tipu Sultan mosque about our next plan of action,\" said Forum president Idris Ali.\"We will go ahead with our procession to slam the decision of the Guild to not allow the release. How long should we give in to threats of fundamentalists?\" APDR spokesperson Debaprosad Roy Chowdhury questioned.Police has been permanently posted outside the People's Book Society stall to avoid any untoward incident. A big poster of Nirbashan was pasted outside the stall to publicise the book. Small posters of the six other volumes of the autobiography also adorned the stall. \"We are happy that the insult meted out to Taslima by the Guild by not allowing the release of the book has actually led to a bumper sale,\" said Shibani Mukherjee, publisher of People's Book Society.In the meantime, the APDR and the Bandi Mukti Committee took out a procession decrying the death of Maoist leader Kishenji and demanded the release of political prisoners.At a book release programme later in the evening, writer and human rights activist Mahasweta Devi lauded the efforts of Anna Hazare to make the Lokpal Bill a reality through the non violent Gandhian path of fasting. \"I belong to the Gandhian times and we actually saw how Gandhiji fasted for the cause of freedom. Such non violent methods can move mountains. I am also moved by the fast of Manipuri rights activist Iron Sharmila,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748838", "title": "Madurai cops arrest 3 bag thieves", "text": "MADURAI: Anna Nagar police caught hold of three bag lifters who used to steal bags of passengers at the Mattuthavani bus terminal. After a series of complaints from passengers about bag thefts at Mattuthavani, commissioner of police P Kannappan ordered a special team to nab the culprits. The team led by Anna Nagar assistant commissioner (crime) Muthusami and inspector Murugadasan were keeping a close watch at the bus terminal.On Thursday afternoon, S Balamurugan (36) from Achampatti was found loitering around in a suspicious manner at the bus terminal premises. They caught hold of him and investigations revealed that he was the kingpin behind the bag thefts at the bus terminal. Police also found his accomplices K Pitchai (42) from Achampatti and A Pothuraja (36) from Amandhurpatti. Twenty-three laptops worth Rs 6 lakh and gold ornaments worth Rs 11 lakh were recovered from the culprits.Anna Nagar inspector P Murugadasan (crime) said that Balamurugan had boarded a bus but had quickly got off with a bag when the bus was about to leave. \"When asked about the contents of the bag, he was unable to give a proper answer,\" he said.Explaining their modus operandi, Murugadasan said the trio would board buses that travelled on a long route and get down at Mattuthavani with the bags of passengers. They operated mainly in buses going beyond Madurai from southern destinations like Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari. They would board the buses late at night at some destination in between and when it reached Madurai by midnight, they would pick whatever bag they found in the luggage rack and get down at Mattuthavani while passengers were asleep. The bag would be discarded after emptying it of its valuables and the culprits would then quickly mix with other passengers and board some other bus before the victims realised they had lost their belongings, he stated.\"People should exercise caution while carrying any valuable and should keep them close to their body while travelling. Alighting for a cup of tea or buying a water bottle is a golden opportunity for thieves,\" he added. The accused were produced before the magistrate and remanded. Police have also received information about similar gangs operating in Mattuthavani and they would be held very soon, according to police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748320", "title": "Heads roll over Tirupati ATC bungle", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Tirupati airport officials were suspended on Friday following a TOI report that a fireman cleared the landing of a flight as the air traffic controller had failed to report for duty.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) took action against DGM of air traffic management A V Janarthanan and the air traffic controller who was supposed to be on duty even as preliminary probe revealed that the officials wanted to hide the fact that the ATC tower was left unmanned. On January 9, when a Hyderabad-Tirupati Jet Airways flight with 60 passengers on board approached the airport for landing, Janarthanan asked fireman Basha to take control of the tower as no ATC had turned up. Taking directions from the official over mobile phone, Basha operated the radio and guided the flight to land.Sources said senior officials from AAI's Chennai office have rushed to Tirupati to probe into the incident. \"Initial investigation revealed that the DGM in- charge of ATC instructed the fireman to rush to the tower and speak to the pilots as he wanted to hide the fact the ATC was unmanned. He feared that higher ups will come to know that controllers have not turned up for duty if the flight was diverted,\" an AAI official said.The ATC at Tirupati is manned by five controllers - one or two at a time on shifts. \"The controller who was supposed to have reported for work told the officials that he forgot about his duty time and over-slept. \" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750667", "title": "Rethink on lake dists\u2019 building ban", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is contemplating an amendment to GO 111, which prohibits construction in the 84 gram panchayats that come under the Himayatsagar and Osmansagar catchment areas, including at Shamshabad, to restrict the ban to only those areas that directly fall in the catchment zone. Towards that end, a committee is to be constituted to identify the areas from where the ban can be lifted.The committee, it is learnt, will be filled by representatives from the departments of irrigation, revenue and from the pollution control board, panchayat raj, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority and Environment Protection Training and Research Institute (EPTRI). The committee will visit villages in the catchment areas and identify the sources and channels connected to the two lakes that are the main source of drinking water for the state capital.Issued in 1996 by the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department, GO 111 prohibits the coming up of polluting industries, hotels and residential colonies in the 84 gram panchayats that fall within a 10km radius upstream of the Himayatsagar and Osmansagar lakes. Residential use is open only on 10% of the total extent of the land.Officials said that although there is a demand among villagers and elected representatives from the area calling for the revision of GO 111, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has reportedly agreed to review the ban only after it was found that almost all the 84 gram panchayats had become cash-strapped to the extent that their staff had not received salaries for the past few months. For instance, Shamshabad gram panchayat earned Rs 3.2 crore in 2007-08 of which nearly Rs 2 crore was collected by transfer of duty from the registration and stamps department. The rest came through building permissions, advertising revenue and property tax. However, in 2011-'12, collections till now are yet to touch Rs 5 lakh.Until a few months ago, gram panchayats here used to earn some revenue through registration charges and elected representatives and sarpanches used to receive funding under different schemes. Subsequently, building permissions were given for buildings up to G+2 floors.\"We have asked the gram panchayats not to give building permissions in the catchment areas as scores of illegal constructions have come up here including at commercially lucrative areas like Shamshabad. Permits can be issued only by the HMDA,\" Ranga Reddy district panchayat officer ES Naik told TOI. Interestingly, the state government had granted various individuals exemption from GO 111. Last year, 33 acres of land in Janwada village in Shankarpally mandal was declared exempt from GO 111.Similarly, a few years back, Muchintal village in Shamshabad mandal was exempted from the bio-conservation zone to benefit a businessman on the grounds that the lake was too distant from the village.In 2006, EPTRI recommended that the state government relax GO 111 in some areas such as Shamshabad and Vattinagulapally villages. But the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy withdrew the decision after some environmentalists raised objections to the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749636", "title": "Traders see red over some wholesale chains' activities", "text": "NAGPUR: On the day when the member of the Competition Commission R Prasad was in the city on an awareness campaign about this agency which acts against unfair trade practices, the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) alleged that certain international wholesale chains are indulging in activities which are jeopardizing the small traders' interest.CAIT president BC Bhartia told Prasad that these chains which operate on cash and carry basis, are also misusing their licence to conduct wholesale business. The foreign players are allowed to conduct bulk trade on cash basis but are barred from selling the commodities directly to the consumers.\"The goods have to be sold to retail traders only. However, all they need is to collect a copy of the registration certificate under shops and establishment act from the buyer before selling the goods. So, under the garb of selling the commodity to a retailer, the stores are selling it to all, no matter what business the buyer is into. With the registration number, a druggist can also buy grocery products from the chain, even in small quantities for his personal use. This means retailers are also being sold products which otherwise they use as end-consumer,\" said Bhartia. \"This especially happens in agricultural products, jeopardizing the indigenous traders' interest.\"The traditional wholesaler is bound by the law to operate only from the agriculture produce marketing yards which are away from the city, while the chains operate from the plush localities in the town. \"As a result, the chains have put the local wholesaler at a disadvantage apart from misusing their licence,\" Bhartia alleged.Prasad has advised Bhartia to file a complaint before the competition commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750406", "title": "PC George opens a new front against VS", "text": "KOCHI: UDF chief whip and MLA P C George has petitioned the high court seeking a CBI probe into the role of opposition leader and former chief minister V S Achuthanandan in 'manipulating the tender process' for the project to manage the government data centre. In his petition, George has alleged that the project was awarded at a higher cost to Reliance Communication Limited keeping aside a lower bid quoted by Tata Consultancy Services and HCL.He has stated that the contract was awarded to Reliance Communication Limited for Rs 5.9 crore under the influence of 'corporate broker' T G Nandakumar even though the TCS quoted only Rs 4.99 crore.Furthermore, George alleges that Achuthanandan influenced a probe by the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau against Nandakumar, who apparently uses his influence to prevent raids at corporate houses and acts as a middleman in high-profile corporate deals.The contract to manage the government data centre was initially granted to TCS for a period of three years since 2005. When it was time renew the contract, National Informatics Centre had expressed its unwillingness to host State's data.The petitioner has alleged that Achuthanandan in his capacity as chief minister was in-charge of the State IT Mission. He selected Reliance from the six bidders, which included TCS, HCL, 3i Infotech, Tulip IT Solutions, KELTRON, and C-DIT.HCL, the lowest bidder, had quoted Rs 4.97 crore, followed by TCS. However, the government headed by Achuthanandan included Reliance also in the tender process later on and awarded the contract to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749765", "title": "9 more bodies recovered, 2 still missing", "text": "NAGPUR: Ten-year-old Sarita Raul could not see mother Sanjukta for the last time as she was taken away by a child care institution when her mother's body was dragged out of the debris on Friday, 94 hours after warehouse-cum-cold storage at Chikhli layout in Kalamna collapsed.Sanjukta's was among eight more bodies recovered from debris of the cold storage owned by Pramod Khandelwal on the fifth day of the accident. The toll has now reached 17 with another 15 injured. With the retrieval of labourer Rupesh Neware's body at 9 pm, official list of missing persons was declared to have ended.Two more workers Sandeep Umathe and Shripad Pendum, whose names were recently added in the list, were still untraceable. It is learnt that family of one of them had come from Mumbai to trace him after learning of the incident. Police have no clue about their family members. Khandelwal's other employees too said that they had never heard of such people.District collector Saurabh Rao, who inspected site, said government agencies would stop the work one day after the last body was taken out. \"We would send a notice to owner urging him to pay the expenses that district administration bore in rescue and salvage operation. It was not our job to remove debris from a private plot but we did it to save lives,\" said Rao.Rao said administration had initially sent a proposal for compensation from chief minister's relief fund for three persons whose bodies were retrieved. \"We would now send consolidated figures of dead and injured persons in a fresh proposal,\" he said. Rao stated that his office would communicate to municipal commissioner to extend aid from their contingency fund to victim families for performing last rites etc.Amid anticipation of visit of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was in city for ZP campaign, long waits for kin of labourers was curtailing soon as bodies were steadily being retrieved.Little girl Sarita would wait, along with father Anand, ever since she was discharged from hospital after making the miraculous escape from the ruins. It was just a day ago when a section of the social workers and many Good Samaritans decided to take her away.The long wait for the Sripatre family too ended around few hours before the Rauls. Body of Amit Sripatre was the first to be recovered as the NMC workers began digging the debris after returning from the break taken following the retrieval of the body of Chotelal Prasad (Gautam) in the wee hours of the day. \"My son's body was found as if resting under the debris,\" said Amit's aggrieved father Ashok. Family members of Dilip Ambedhere and Rupesh Neware, who were close relatives, remained waiting for the entire day as there were around four hours gap between the time when their bodies were retrived. While Ambedhere's body was traced at 4.50 pm, Neware's was dragged out at 9 pm. Neware's family was the last of the mourners to leave the place in the evening.There had been speculation about welder Babanrao Kosekar. His family had filed a fresh complaint before Kalamna police that Khandelwal had forced Kosekar to work at site which was rickety. His body was found at 8.30 pm. Khadelwal's manager Girish Tumsarkar, alias Krishna's body too was found in the afternoon. Also in the evening, labourer Premlal Charjhe's body was found. It is also learnt that two teams were sent by District collector of Rajnandgaon in Chhattisgarh after their government was informed that several natives of their state were killed in the disaster. Nagpur district collector Rao said that he would not differentiate between the victims when it would come to extend aid irrespective of their statehood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750772", "title": "Revenue officials moot rapid land acquisition for Amballoor electronic park", "text": "KOCHI: The revenue department has taken steps to speed up the land acquisition process for the Amballoor electronic park near Piravom. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said special orders have been issued to panchayats asking them to mark the boundaries of the land to be acquired.Revenue officials had earlier demarcated 334 acres of land for acquisition and new land acquisition policy is being followed. \"According to the new policy, land demarcation will be based on possession certificate and boundaries will be marked in the presence of the land owner,\" said the collector.\"After detailed demarcation, the documents will be submitted before the land revenue commissioner for approval following which a detailed value statement will be generated. Once the statement is finalized, the revenue department will hold talks with affected people and try to fix a fair value for their land,\" said Pareeth.Land acquisition for the electronic park will be completed within three months. Surveyors and draughtsmen are sketching a plan for the proposed park after a survey.Meanwhile, the land acquisition units functioning in the collectorate are facing a staff crunch that could adversely affect current plans. Tahsildar for land acquisition K Manoharan Pillai said there were no new appointments after an officer was transferred.At present, the office of the survey deputy director employs 15 surveyors while the required workforce should be over 21. The collector assured that this will not affect any on-going projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11750107", "title": "UP polls phase II: SP leads the tainted candidates list", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second phase of UP assembly elections is turning out to be a show of muscle and money power. After analysing affidavits of 337 candidates out of 1,098 contesting in the second phase, the UP Election Watch (UPEW) found 35% (118) candidates with criminal cases against them.Also, 55 (16%) of them are charged with criminal offences, including murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion.Jailed mafia don Mukhtar Ansari (of Quami Ekta Dal, contesting from Mau and Ghosi) has declared maximum number of criminal cases. He has 15 criminal cases, including nine serious cases. He is followed by Upendra (SP candidate from Phephana in Ballia) with 11 cases and Javed Iqbal (BSP candidate from Kushinagar) with 5 criminal cases.Almost all big parties have given tickets to candidates with criminal antecedents.SP leads with 30 such candidates, out of its 59 candidates in the second phase. Out of 337 candidates, 138 (41%) candidates are 'crorepatis'.Parties have given tickets to illiterates as well as PhD nominees. Of the 337 candidates analysed, 212 (63%) are graduates or with higher qualifications. Out of 1,098 candidates in the second phase, only 76 (7%) are women. Congress has nominated the most number of women. BSP has given tickets to only two women.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11748362", "title": "Muslim women urge people to cast vote", "text": "KANPUR: A large number of Muslim women in veils have come forward in Akbarpur block of Ramabai Nagar district to join the democratic process by making aware their counterparts in the community about the importance of voting. Polling in the district would be held in the fifth phase on February 23.Women groups have taken the job in a very impressive manner. \"They have enthusiastically joined the election campaign while urging the voters, particularly women and young Muslim girls, to go and cast vote for a better change,\" said district election officer and district magistrate Mayur Maheshwari. The significant change in the outlook of women, who were earlier confined to their homes, has been brought about through voters awareness campaigns launched by the district authorities.Noor Bano, a woman, who headed the campaign in Rura village, told TOI that it will help the women in the region understand the structure, procedure and responsibilities of elections.\"We have been going from door-to-door and making aware Muslim women and girls about the importance of their vote,\" said she. She affirmed that the voters in the villages are supporting the cause. \"Many got inspired by our confidence when we motivated them to come out of their homes on the polling day.\"Another Muslim girl Rehana, is confident of making women aware about elections. \"People from all sections have all reposed faith in the democratic structure shown tremendous respect when we reached their households,\" she said.Men generally do not like women to break the tradition and try to assert themselves, says Yasmeen, another member of the group.She said: \"We also spoke to the male members of the family, who often discourage the women and stop them from going to the polling booths.Many men came in support and assured us that they would send the women members of the family to cast vote on the polling day.\"In Bhognipur, several Muslim women joined the group in promoting the cause.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11748680", "title": "Gunbattle in Jhargram forest", "text": "JHARGRAM: After a lull of over two months following the encounter death of Maoist politburo member Kishanji, the rebels announced their presence in Jangalmahal through a gunbattle at Gopibalavpur on Friday morning.The Maoists had fallen silent in Bengal after the death of Kishanji, although they carried out revenge strikes in Jharkhand and Bihar. Bengal police had believed that most of the senior Maoists leaders have left Bengal because of the increasing heat from the security forces and anti-Maoist forums.But on Friday morning the anti-Maoist counter insurgency force got information that a platoon of Maoist guerrillas was camped out in Borosole forest of Gopiballavpur and Sabyasachi Ponda, one of their senior leaders, is leading the unit.The CIF raided the forest but before they could reach the camp deep inside the forest, the rebels posted as sentries confronted the security forces. CIF jawans retaliated with heavy firepower and after half-an-hour of intense battle, the Maoists were forced to retreat, leaving behind three tents, a .303 rifle, some bullets and detonators. SP CIF Monoj Verma claimed that operation is still on and they are searching for the fleeing squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749252", "title": "Most popular candidates in city are millionaires", "text": "NAGPUR: Rarely does one see a poor political leader. So, it is no wonder that most popular candidates are worth millions at least, with 12 of them even declaring assets in crores.The candidates have declared their property while filling the nomination forms. TOI obtained copies of affidavits filed by 21 popular candidates, most of whom are sitting corporators and office bearers in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Of these 21, 12 candidates have declared property worth crores. Former leader of opposition and senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe has topped the list with Rs 11.02 crore. Gudadhe is from a well-to-do family of builders and is also an educationist. He has in his name 10 vehicles, including five buses, land and housing schemes. Interestingly, he has also mentioned a Luna worth Rs 1,000 in his property. He will be contesting on a Congress ticket from Airport ward.The next richest person in the list is his close friend Parinay Fuke, who is a corporator from Ram Nagar ward and a businessman with grocery and general store. Fuke has declared property worth Rs 6.37 crore. Prominent among his declaration are land and shop worth crores.The third in the list is Congress leader from Khamla Kishor Umate. He had declared property worth Rs 6.27 crore. He runs a college and is also engaged in real estate business.Former mayor and leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre is at fourth position with property worth Rs 4.42 crore. Prominent among his property is land and house worth Rs 4.13 crore. He is also a businessman dealing in real estate. He owes a Toyota Fortuner worth Rs 21.28 lakh. He also has a loan of Rs 27.51 lakh.The other crorepatis include BJP candidate from Airport ward Vijay Raut, who too is a businessman, followed by BJP candidate from VNIT ward Sandip Gavai, a famous builder from South Nagpur. Interestingly, Gavai has in his name a Maruti Gypsy and two-wheeler worth Rs 2.20 lakh, whereas he can be seen moving around in a BMW.Three women candidates including Vishaka Maind, Chetna Tank and Pragati Patil too have declared their properties in crores, including the property in the name of their husbands.Four bigwigs, BJP city chief Anil Sole, deputy mayor and Shiv Sena district chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe, chairman of standing committee and BJP corporator Sandip Joshi and BJP city vice-president and candidate from Khamla Girish Deshmukh have declared their properties between Rs 1-1.50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749444", "title": "Maheshwar Corp slams Narmada Bachao Andolan", "text": "BHOPAL: The Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corp Ltd has slammed the Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) for its statement demanding that the Maheshwar hydro-electric project be scrapped, alleging financial irregularities.``By asking for the project to be scrapped the NBA seems to be speaking as an enemy not only of the people of Madhya Pradesh but also of the nation. When 3000 crores have been spent on completing the project, who does the NBA wish to benefit by asking to scrap the project ? Further, the NBA must explain to the people of MP at whose behest they are denying the project from reaching fruition ,'' the company said in a statement.``If their intentions were honourable, they would spent their time and energy, in aiding in the rehabilitation efforts, so that the benefits reach the affected people faster. Instead they have spared no efforts to delay the r and r effort, only with a view to delaying the project.And by delaying the project, they have not only added to the cost of the project but also denied precious water and electricity to the people of Madhya Pradesh, for whom the project is being built. Maheshwar, is a project that has been designed and constructed, as per the NWDT award of the Supreme Court,'' it added.``Ironically, after having contributed to the projects delay by over ten years, the NBA is now complaining that the price of power has gone up. If the price of power has gone up, then indeed the only person responsible for this the NBA, who has spared no effort to stall the project and delay it at any cost.They must answer to the people of MP, as to what is their motive and who is it that they really work for,'' according to the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748397", "title": "Fortified wheat flour, edible oil launched in state", "text": "JAIPUR: GAIN (Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition) and IHMR (Institute of Health Management) launched fortified wheat flour and edible oil on Friday. This variety, which aims at fighting malnutrition, will be available in the open market in the state. Food and civil supplies minister Prasadi Lal Meena was present at the launch.Earlier, wheat flour fortified with iron, vitamin B12 and folic acid was only made available under the public distribution scheme.\"About 40 per cent of children under three years of age in Rajasthan suffer from chronic malnutrition as a result of insufficient food and essential micronutrients in their diet,\" said Marc Van Ameringen, executive director of GAIN, who was present at the launch ceremony. \"The efforts we are initiating today will contribute in curbing high infant malnutrition rates,\" he added.In addition, GAIN is supporting the setting up of seven mini-industrial plants managed by women's Self-Help Groups to produce fortified food for Integrated Child Development Scheme in partnership with Department of Women and Child Development, Government of Rajasthan and UN World Food Programme .On the occasion, Akshaya Patra and IHMR also signed an MoU to serve fortified soya dal to children through mid-day meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11750155", "title": "Royal Bengal Tigers spotted in Saranda", "text": "ROURKELA: Three Royal Bengal Tigers have been sighted in Saranda forest under Bisra range of Sundargarh district. The fact came to light after two bufflaoes died in tiger attack near pillar no. 775 of Saranda forest. The presence of tigers is significant because there was none during the national tiger census held in 2006 and 2010.Forest officials led by Bisra range officer Sudhir Kumar Amatya went to the spot where the buffaloes had been killed. Bisra veterinary officer Roshan Bud was also with them. According to procedures of identifying tigers, forest officials had drawn impression of the foot mark in Plaster of Paris. The team also found the pug marks of two tiger cubs.\"From the pugmarks, it was clear that it was of a Royal Bengal Tiger,\" said A K Behera, DFO of Rourkela. \"It is also established that there were two tiger cubs,\" Behera said, adding that we are not sure how many more tigers are there. \"The pug mark impression on Plaster of Paris would be sent to Wildlife Authority of India,\" Behera said.The sighting of Royal Bengal Tigers came close on the heels of the tigers being sighted in Barsuan iron mines area about two weeks ago. A team of Wildlife Authority of India is on a visit to the district. It will also visit Barusan iron mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748755", "title": "UPA, scribe trash Patel link to graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA establishment rallied behind Union minister Praful Patel , who is at the centre of a bribery scandal with a Canadian newspaper linking him to a $200-million offer for a civil aviation contract in 2007.Stephanie Nolan, the journalist who wrote the story for the Canadian Daily Globe and Mail, too defended the minister on twitter. She said, \"I object to people misquoting our story. Regardless of what you think of Patel, evidence does not show he took bribe.\"Blaming the Indian media for inaccurate reporting, she said \"I now officially give up trying to correct gross inaccuracy of Indian reporting on the Canadian bribery in India\". This comment could take the sting out of the controversy involving Patel, even as Patel's boss and NCP chief Sharad Pawar backed him to the hilt, while civil aviation minister Ajit Singh ruled out any investigation into the charges.Earlier, Patel had rubbished the charges as \"baseless and preposterous\" and wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking an inquiry to end his embarrassment.As the speculation grew on the Canadian daily's report, AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi gave an elaborate clean chit to Patel to put a lid on the matter.He said, \"We must keep a sense of balance. Unless and until some material is coming, it is completely wrong to indict anybody. The minister himself has sought a comprehensive inquiry.\"Singhvi said the newspaper article itself stated the alleged bribery did not lead to any contract. \"In the event any factual basis for this is found, full action will be taken,\" Singhvi said.NCP supremo Sharad Pawar, \"They have no evidence and the most important thing is that (newspaper) report says whatever money was offered or given for a particular job, that job, that decision was never taken.\"Support poured in thick and fast for Patel. The civil aviation minister rebuffed the newspaper report by saying, \"Anyone can write anything in a newspaper. That does not mean we will investigate. Air India will not have its own investigation into the issue.\"A leading Canadian newspaper Globe and the Mail reported from Toronto that an Indian-born Canadian citizen Nazir Karigar is to be prosecuted on charges of paying off Patel in a case in which a former Mumbai police chief also figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748735", "title": "Man gets life term for rape and murder of sister-in-law", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment for the rape and murder of his pregnant sister-in-law at Kodungaiyur. A fine of Rs 30,000 was also imposed on him. R Sethumadhavan, sessions judge, Mahalir Court, passed the orders. Additional public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan appeared for the state.The case is based on a complaint against S Kannan filed by his landlady Viola. In her complaint, she said she had rented the first floor of her house to Ramkumar and his wife Jayasree alias Suja after their wedding on June 17, 2007. The couple began living there, along with Ramkumar's brother Kannan, paying a monthly rent of Rs 3,000. Both brothers were working for the same company with Ramkumar earning Rs 12,000 as an office manager and Kannan working as a delivery man for Rs 4,000.Viola said Suja would draw a kolam in front of the house every morning. Six months after the wedding, Suja said she was pregnant. Around this time, Suja also told Viola that Kannan had peeped into her room while she changed her clothes. Suja told her mother about it as well. Viola promised to speak to Kannan about it.On February 17, 2008, when Ramkumar was in Bangalore on work, Viola heard shouting around 10.30pm from the house upstairs. On enquiring, Suja said Kannan had tried to misbehave with her. Viola warned him and he went to his room. The next morning Viola became suspicious as there was no kolam in front of the house. She went upstairs and found Suja dead and Kannan in the house. Her thaali was missing. Viola lodged a complaint at Kodungaiyur police station.Passing orders, the judge observed that the case rested purely on circumstantial evidence as the incident occurred within the closed walls of a house. There were no eye-witnesses. Relying on testimonies, and medical and documentary evidence, the judge concluded that it was clear that Kannan had attempted to sexually abuse Suja and had committed culpable homicide by stabbing her, killing her and the unborn child.Pointing out that the court was not inclined to show any sympathy for the accused, the judge convicted him on charges of rape, murder, and causing the death of an unborn child through an act amounting to culpable homicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748762", "title": "Heads roll over Tirupati ATC botch-up", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Tirupati airport officials were suspended on Friday following a TOI report that a fireman cleared the landing of a flight as the air traffic controller had failed to report for duty.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) took action against deputy general manager of air traffic management A V Janarthanan and the air traffic controller who was supposed to be on duty even as preliminary investigations into the incident revealed that the officials wanted to hide the fact that the ATC tower was left unmanned.On January 9, when a Hyderabad-Tirupati Jet Airways flight with 60 passengers on board approached the airport for landing, Janarthanan asked fireman Basha to take control of the ATC as no air traffic controller had turned up. Taking directions from the official over a mobile phone, Basha operated the radio and guided the flight to land.Sources said senior officials from AAI's southern regional office in Chennai have rushed to Tirupati to probe the incident. \"Initial investigation revealed that the deputy general manager in charge of ATC instructed the fireman to rush to the tower and speak to the pilots as he wanted to hide the fact the ATC was unmanned. He feared that higher ups will come to know that controllers have not turned up for duty if the flight was diverted,\" an AAI official said.The ATC at Tirupati is manned by five controllers - one or two at a time on shifts.\"The controller who was supposed to have reported for work has told the officials from Chennai that he forgot about his duty time and overslept. The DGM told the fireman to rush to the tower when the replacement controller could not reach the tower on time,\" the official said.Apart from the Jet Airways flight, a SpiceJet plane was also approaching the airport when the drama unfolded on the ground. \"Instead of making an unqualified person operate the radio in the ATC, he could have reported a communications failure to Chennai. The air traffic controllers in Chennai would have told the pilots to divert the flight here. Flight operations at Tirupati are monitored by controllers in Chennai,\" said an official.Air safety expert and former pilot Captain A Ranganathan said: \"It would have been a disaster if the aircraft had met with some emergency while landing.\"\"Seasoned pilots feel that similar situations may have occurred at small airports. There is no way to know who is speaking to you at the other end. Air traffic controllers working in small town airports may not be good at spoken English. Anybody can speak to a pilot if an expert can brief them like it happened in Tirupati,\" said a senior Air India pilot.Another pilot said it was a matter of trust. \"At small airports, the controller cannot see us in the monitor. So, they have to believe us when we give them information about speed and altitude. Similarly, we have no way to find out apart from the accent and the lingo if it is the controller who is talking to us or somebody else.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748341", "title": "Railways seeks 200% increase in plan allocation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Straining under heavy financial stress, the railways has sought 200% increase in plan allocation to fund its modernization and renewal plan.Though the government had committed Rs 63,635 crore from gross budgetary support during the plan period, the allocation has already exceeded the target by Rs 13,386 crore (21%).During the current plan, the investment of Rs 2,33,289 crore was planned with Rs 63,635 crore coming from gross budgetary support, Rs 90,000 crore from internal resources and Rs 79,654 crore from extra budgetary sources.The financial achievement of the plan is short of the target by Rs 29,978 crore (12.9%). The internal resource component is short by Rs 18,168 crore (20.1%) and the extra budgetary sources are short by Rs 25,196 crore (31.6%).Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi , who has prepared a blueprint for modernization of the state-run transporter with a price tag of Rs 14 lakh crore over 10 years, met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday seeking adequate financial support from the general budget.Sources said Trivedi told the PM about the need for urgent intervention for modernisation of railways, including automation of signalling system, strengthening of tracks and installation of safety device to prevent accidents.Faced with a financial crunch, railways is finding it difficult to take up many of its projects.The transporter wants enhanced funding from the general budget to take up pending projects and implement separate safety plan that involves speedy installation of the Train Protection Warning System, upgradation of signal and telecommunication system and mechanised maintainance of tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748477", "title": "4 villages hypersensitive", "text": "NASHIK: Internal rivalry, attempts to capture booth and relatives of accused in political cases contesting elections has made district police to mark four villages-Nyay Dongri and Bothan (both in Nandgaon tehsil), Nagarsul (Yeola tehsil) and Wadali Najik (Niphad tehsil)-as politically hypersensitive.However, senior officials said adequate measures have been taken to ensure that elections to zilla parishad and panchayat samiti are conducted in a free and fair manner.During the joint meeting of the revenue and police officials held at the collectorate more than a week ago, 150 places were declared hypersensitive where as 520 places were declared as sensitive. It was, however, decided to focus only on political cases and crimes related to electioneering.The police department cut down the list of hypersensitive to four places (villages) and list of sensitive places to 85, zilla parishad and panchayat samiti deputy election officer Vinay Gosavi said.According to police sources, one of the hypersensitive areas happens to be Nyay Dongri, falling in MLA Pankaj Bhujbal's constituency. Nyay Dongri has a history of political clashes with political bigwigs flashing fire arms in the pre- and post-election periods. Besides, relatives of contestants are also accused in political cases.\"The situation here is difficult. Anil Aher from the Congress and Shashikant More from the Shiv Sena are at loggerheads to establish supremacy in the area. Anil Aher has his wife Sunita contesting the zilla parishad election, while More has his followers contesting panchayat samiti division of Nyay Dongri. In gram panchayat elections during 1995 and 2005 and also in the past zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections there have been political violence,\" sources said.The second village to be identified as hypersensitive in same zilla parishad division is Bolthan. It falls under panchayat samiti seat Jategaon reserved for women from scheduled tribe category.Ganesh Kothari from the NCP and Rajendra Nahar from the Congress are the arch rivals and have their candidates fielded in the fray. Though the NCP and the Congress are fighting together, the situation is not so peaceful.In the past too, during the gram panchayat, zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections, there have been tensions due to which the police have marked this area as hypersensitive.In Nagarsul in Yeola tehsil, the assembly constituency of district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal , the gram panchayat chief and NCP supporter Pramod Patil is upset with the party giving the candidature to his rival in the party. \"The under currents are very crucial,\" the police said. Add to this the village is home to Khandoba Yatra, which is being celebrated on the same day.The political rivalry and booth capturing incidents in the past prevailed to identify Wadali Najik village in Niphad taluka as hypersensitive. In 2002, there have been cases of booth capturing. \"Today, though the accused are no more in the picture and also cleared of charges by a court only a year ago,There is still tension among the political parties in the fray ,\" sources said.In all 22,71,597 voters including 11,81,784 males are scheduled to cast their votes to elect their representatives to zilla parishad and panchayat samiti divisions on February 7. The police are taking measures to ensure that no untoward incidents are reported during the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748872", "title": "Police to curb taxi menace at airport", "text": "KOLKATA: A respite from the taxi trouble at the Netaji Subash Chandra Bose International Airport may be finally in the offing as the new Bidhannagar police commissionerate is exploring various possibilities to bail the passengers out of this long-standing crisis.In addition, the commissionerate is also focusing on improving traffic management along the VIP Road and Salt Lake and haul up law and order in the satellite township.Passengers arriving at the airport often struggle to find a taxi to reach their destination. The condition gets worse at night when they get stranded in absence of cabs. Worst still, touts have a free run and fleece passengers at will.\"We have had discussions with stakeholders on this prepaid taxi issue. More prepaid taxi counters, better vigilance on the touts are some of the changes that can be expected in about 10 days,\" said commissioner Bidhannagar police Rajeev Kumar.Improved night policing and bringing down crime rate are also being looked into by the newly formed commissionerate. Though the strength of the force is a challenge in implementing bigger projects, there are small plans like night cycle patrolling by men in uniform.\"There are a good number of elderly people in the township who become soft targets. We will tighten up vigilance to keep crime under check,\" said Kumar.One-way traffic will be introduced in Sector V from February 6. Aimed at better traffic management, this experiment could be replicated in other areas later. For VIP Road, clearing the stretch of encroachment, roping in volunteers and train them to assist police in managing traffic are some plans that are being discussed.\"Traffic is something that affects residents as well as commuters from other areas. Our effort will be ensuring better traffic movement,\" Kumar added.Kumar also said that his force will scrutinize shuttle taxis, which have become a security concern, operating to and fro the IT hub. Passengers, especially IT professionals and BPO executives, bank on these taxis at night in absence of public transport.Those who have been fuming over delay in verification by police in cases like while applying for passport, have the reason feel good. The police chief has plans of setting timeline for such verification.\"We are working to fast-track police verification. For example, if verification by police for passport will be done within a timeframe, residents are ensured a certainty and they can go ahead with their plans accordingly,\" said the commissioner.With so many plans being charted out, manpower crunch remains a major hurdle for the commisssionerate, with the strength at present standing at 500. Around 1,700 new posts were sanctioned for the commissionerate, in addition to the 300 posts that were lying vacant. Recruitment process is on. The lot of the force's effectiveness will depend on manpower. The nine police stations under the commissionerate expands over 109 square kilometre.\"It is a transition from district policing to city policing. We do not want to start something big unless we have resources to make it sustainable, else it will only boomerang. We want to be given some time. Meanwhile, we will try our best with the available resources,\" said Kumar.Quick response and focused approach to policing will be the mantra for the newly formed commissionerate. Residents under the nine police stations can dial Bidhanagar police control room numbers 4062 1111, 4063 1111 apart from 100 in case they need police assistance.Even as there are few no parking zones in Salt Lake, the concept has not worked effectively in the township. Bidhanagar police is introducing a drive to make people aware. From now on vehicles parked in inappropriate places may find stickers pasted by the police, warning that the vehicle is illegally parked and unsafe. Such vehicles will be let of with the warning for few times, before they are fined finally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "sant kabirnagar(up)", "code": "11755503", "title": "No post-poll alliance with Samajwadi Party: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "SANT KABIRNAGAR(UP): Putting an end to the speculations of a post-poll alliance with Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi today said his party will have \"no truck\" with any party.\"The chief minister in Uttar Pradesh is going to be from the Congress (after the assembly polls).... we are not going to have truck with any other party,\" Rahul said at an election meeting in Mehdawal area here.\"We will have no alliance with any other party after the elections ... we will have an alliance with the people and your voice will reach Lucknow and your money would reach to you,\" Rahul said, exuding confidence of returning to power after a long gap of almost 22 years.\"You believed in my grandmother ... you believed in my father. Now believe me,\" the Congress general secretary said adding that Congress is going to form the government in Uttar Pradesh.Rahul said that a Congress government was also essential for the bright future of Uttar Pradesh as it works not for any particular caste or religion but for the whole society.Charging the political opponents of making false promises, he said that there is a kind of a race among them over it.\"They will promise you whatever you want to hear ... they will also change the colour of the sky if you want to hear that,\" Rahul said, adding that there was however no truth in their promises.Had there been any truth in it the state of affairs would not have been so bad in the state, Rahul said.UP has a total 403 seats and Rahul Gandhi is leading the campaign for Mission UP 2012 with the aim of bringing the Congress to power in the crucial state where it is in political wilderness for the last 22 years.Congress has left 45 seats to Ajit Singh's RLD which reached an alliance last year. The seats for RLD have been given in Singh's stronghold of western Uttar Pradesh.Elections 2012 NewsUP assembly elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748539", "title": "Sozzled inmates watch out!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sloshed undertrials beware! The jail administration has decided to have breath analyzers to keep a tab on inmates who return inebriated from court hearings. Police officers said these would also help them check errant cops and jail staff who drink during office hours. \"At times, undertrials consume liquor when they go out for regular court hearings. Their friends or relatives, who come to meet them, offer them drinks. So, we plan to have breath analyzers. We will procure these in some days,\" Alok Kumar, inspector general, Chandigarh prisons, said. \"Besides, cops who accompany them will also be examined on their return. Surprise raids will also be conducted to make sure no staffer of Model Burail Jail comes to duty drunk or has it in office hours. Offenders will be strictly dealt with,\" he added.Sources in the jail said, \"In the past, on a few occasions, liquor bottles had reached jail barracks. But now, foolproof measures have been adopted to check it.\"Kumar said special de-addiction sessions would be held to help prisoners quit drinking. The high-security Model Burail Jail accommodates over 700 inmates. Many of them are drug addicts and face charges of heinous crimes.The jail had hit the headlines in 2004, when terrorists Jagtar Singh Hawara and Paramjit Singh Bheora had dug a tunnel and escaped on January 22, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753699", "title": "Madonna rules out wardrobe malfunction", "text": "Pop star Madonna is determined not to suffer any wardrobe malfunctions during her upcoming performance at Indiana's Lucas Oil Stadium.The 53-year-old will perform during her Super Bowl concert Sunday.\"Great attention has been paid to my wardrobe. There will be no wardrobe malfunctions,\" contactmusic.com quoted her as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750257", "title": "Cancer tops Arogyasri\u2019s list of patients", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cancer victims top Arogyasri's mammoth list of patients for the 952 procedures offered under the scheme. Indeed, the disease has been consistently topping the list for the last four years and the numbers have only spiraled with every passing year.If the scheme catered to 45,765 cases in 2008-09, four years later, in 2011-12, that number has almost doubled to 83,918 as on February 3.While crores of rupees are being pumped in, trust officials are unhappy that 75%-80% of cases were still getting reported in an advanced stage as late diagnosis drastically reduces chances of survival. Officials, however, say that they are providing needed therapy to terminally-ill patients by helping them to cope with pain. Over the last four years, Rs 372.88 crore has been spent by the trust on providing cancer care by way of a massive 2.77 lakh surgeries/therapies undertaken at various hospitals.Cancers of oral cavity, lung, oesophagus and stomach are the highest reported among men while among women, it is cancers of cervical, breast and oral cavity which are more prevalent.Trust officials said that the scheme has enabled early recognition of cases by creating awareness through medical camps. Furthermore, due to the trust's insistence that empanelled hospitals should provide medical, radiation and surgical treatment to patients under one roof, medical care facilities are ensuring that they meet all the criteria. Around 20-odd exclusive cancer hospitals are empanelled with the trust while the total number of hospitals dealing with cancer cases which are partnering with the scheme is 60.According to trust officials, around 1.2 lakh new cancer cases are being annually reported in the state. Although the incidence of the cases is uniformly distributed across the state, 50% of them are being treated in Hyderabad. Officials said that owing to inadequate infrastructure, the state can cater to only 40,000 cases, leaving the rest of the patients with no recourse to remedy or relief.The trust had in 2010 proposed that comprehensive cancer centres under the public-private partnership model be set up at all teaching hospitals and the 16 palliative care centres in districts as part of the scheme.While that suggestion was put on the backburner for two years, sources said that the trust has recently written to the government seeking its response to the plan. Officials added that even though palliative therapies are offered under the scheme, the trust is unable to ensure that its benefits reached the peripheries due to a shortage of trained doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752269", "title": "Baby boom for the Beckhams!", "text": "Right now she's showing off an amazing body and making people wonder how she does it again and again.But Victoria Beckham's life, it would seem, is becoming a bit of bump-and-grind routine. Now you see the bump and then you see Posh back to the exercise grind.And now hubby David Beckham says it should soon be bump time again as they'd like to expand their brood of three sons and one daughter.Though David doesn't really have a specific number in mind as to when the deliveries are likely to be done with, but he hints it might be at half-a-dozen!Having another baby is always a thought; he said on a chat show. The Pitts sure have some competition in this brood-building challenge.David also said after three boys, baby Harper Seven brings out the softie in him as he can't look at his daughter without his eyes welling up every time he sees her.Whoever said footballers are your rough rugged tough boys-don't-cry types hadn't contended with David.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748091", "title": "Custody death: Traders associations protest removal of cops, observe bandh", "text": "JAIPUR: Traders kept the shops closed till afternoon on Friday in protest of removal of 42 policemen from the Mansarovar police station area two days after a middle-aged man died under police custody. The bandh called by the local trader association was successful as most of the commercial establishments remained closed.Deputy commissioner of police (South) Virendra Jhala had on Thursday ordered removal of policemen deployed at the police station, including four SIs, two ASIs, five head constables and other constables. Yogesh (54), a theft accused, was brought to the Mansarovar police station on Tuesday evening. During the early hours on Wednesday, he complained of uneasiness and was rushed to Sawai Man Singh Hospital where he died, police said.\"Yogesh was booked in a dozen cases of theft and the police had recovered theft items from his residence. He had suffered two heart attacks in the past and the third one took his life as per the post-mortem report Even if the staff was removed as per the directions of the police headquarters, why were the two other policemen suspended,\" asked a representative of the local trader's union.SFS Traders Union, Agrawal Farm Vyapar Mahasangh, Bada Bazaar Vyapar Mahasangh and several other organizations had called for the bandh in protest of the police station staff's removal.On Wednesday, Jhala had suspended Dharamveer Singh circle inspector, Mansarovar and Jagdish Prasad, the investigating officer of the theft case. \"We have initiated a probe into the custodial death. The post-mortem report suggests that Yogesh suffered a heart attack,\" said Jhala.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749322", "title": "Police books criminals using Facebook", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sanjay Patel (name changed), 21, was recently brought to the city crime branch office for allegedly creating a fake Facebook account in the name of his former girlfriend. During questioning, he was asked about his location on the day the account was created. Patel tried to evade the questions and started giving random answers. He even feigned ignorance about knowing two of the youths involved in the incident.Police officials did not press him much. They got into his Facebook account and got to know that he was indeed in the city, partying with the friends , updated his status message indicating at how sweet revenge is. The final nail was hit when two of the other suspects were found right there on his friends' list!The new breed of cyber cops know how to manoeuver in cyber space. They know how to befriend you and extract information such as your location, your friends, your recent activities and even chats with other users. In the age where youngsters update their status every hour from smartphones, city police believe it to be the next big tool after human and technical surveillance. With the introduction of a fresh batch of young police officials, the city police are ready to click.Himanshu Shukla, deputy commissioner of police (crime), told TOI that police have also got ready to tackle such cases. \"The profile of offenders in online crimes is youths between 15 to 25 years of age. Cases range from innocent pranks to terror threats where we have successfully tracked and nabbed the accused. We have trained personnel of our cyber cell in various aspects of social networking and how to use it to track criminals,\" he said.Knowledge of social networking tools saved the day in 2009 for city police. Kiran Patel, inspector of city crime branch, said that ahead of India-Sri Lanka test match at Motera, they had received a terror threat. As the threat came at the time where Sri Lankan team had already experienced a terror attack in Pakistan , the success of the match would depend on safety and security.\"It was crucial to find the sender before the Test began otherwise the Test itself could have been cancelled. With hard work and some luck, we could track down the sender to a village in Jharkhand. The sender also had an Orkut account from where we got crucial information on him and in the nick of time, managed to nab him. The first thing we did was to give an all-clear to Ahmedabad after which the Test commenced,\" said Patel.Component IIEven ATM thief was caught through FacebookAhmedabad: Rajesh Tripathi, 25, a resident of Surat, was caught from near Udhna railway station on a train on November 4 by Kagdapith police officials. Tripathi was involved in a theft of Rs 1.98 lakh from a senior citizen's bank account.G M Rathwa, sub-inspector of Kagdapith police station, who caught Tripathi, told TOI that none had seen him before. \"Net-savvy Tripathi had his photograph on Facebook that helped us identify him and other details on his wall indicating his visit to Surat,\" said Rathwa. His questioning revealed that he was involved in ten ATM thefts across the state.In another example, a 20-year old boy, who was reported missing, left digital footprints behind on the basis of which police knew that he had disappeared willingly and had not come in harm's way. Y R Gamit, inspector of Vastrapur police station, said Vishal Rajput, 20, was reported missing from his home in Sola on May 22.\"When we started tracking him, we found that Rajput's Facebook profile was still active and he was posting comments on his friends' walls. It was surprising because had he been abducted, he would not have been able to do so. We also found that Rajput's id had been accessing Skype. It was later revealed that he was dodging creditors and was found from within the city itself,\" said Gamit.Manu Ojha, 22, a native of Bihar and working in a call centre in Patan, was arrested by city crime branch for sending a terror mail using the name of Ali Saed El Hoorie, a US fugitive and member of terror outfit Hezbollah , in September 2011. After tracking his IP address and emails, police got more details on him from his social networking site profiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749773", "title": "Patna HC counsel demand hike in salary, threaten to launch stir", "text": "PATNA: Junior counsel in the Patna high court (HC) have submitted a memorandum, addressed to CM Nitish Kumar, to the advocate general (AG) with regard to their long-pending demand of hike in salary.Incidentally, standing counsel, government pleaders and government advocates have also demanded raise in their salaries. Although, a meeting in this regard by a committee headed by chief secretary and comprising finance and law secretaries took place on January 30 this year, government advocates are wary about the outcome of the meeting.A senior government advocate, on condition of anonymity, said, \"We do not know what transpired at the meeting that took place on January 30. Our demands are genuine as for the last several years there has been no hike in the salaries. While the two additional standing counsel recently appointed by the Bihar government in the Supreme Court have their maximum salary fixed up to Rs 3.50 lakh, the state government counsel get a maximum of Rs 23,000 per month.\"Meanwhile, junior counsel and additional public prosecutors, who are also demanding hike in salary, at a meeting held on Wednesday, threatened to go on strike if their demands are not conceded. As of now, a government counsel gets Rs 3,000 per month apart from Rs 900 each per day per case for admission and hearing and Rs 400 for appearing in contempt cases with a maximum of Rs 23,000 per month.At January 30 meeting, the state government had mooted to pay one third of the Rs 2,200 given to the state government counsel for appearing in admission, hearing and contempt cases if the counsel appear in only one case of the three aforesaid with condition that they will be given Rs 2,200 only if they appear in all the three cases on one single day.This rider put forth by the government has irked the lawyers in general as they have requested to remove the rider. \"This move, instead of raising the salary will rather reduce it,\" said an advocate on condition of anonymity. Highly placed sources in the government said recently the government standing counsel had also met the chief minister in this regard.Earlier, the state's law officers sent a memorandum to the government in this regard in June-July 2011. The AG had also recommended the same to the committee. There are 27 standing counsels in Patna HC apart from 26 government pleaders and 11 government advocates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11750194", "title": "SP leader Azam Khan likens Congress to eunuchs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Slammed from sundry quarters for comparing Congress with eunuchs at a public meeting in Allahabad, SP leader Azam Khan hastily retracted his statement on Friday.Azam had said in the Ganga Paar area of Allahabad, \"If Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi gathers all the eunuchs in the world and pairs them with a young woman, the couple will not bear a child. Like all the eunuchs in the world can't give birth, Congress will not be able to form a government all by itself.\"Under attack, Azam clarified, \"I haven't called any one eunuch. I only tried to explain that the possibility of Congress forming a government in UP is as impossible as an eunuch giving birth to a child.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "changal (sangrur)", "code": "11750489", "title": "Aamir Khan 'meets' villagers who closed liquor vend", "text": "CHANGAL (SANGRUR): There are many who consume alcohol as that allows them to \"see stars\" afterwards. But people of this village on Friday got to see a star by giving up liquor when Bollywood actor Aamir Khan patted their backs for their effort. Changal residents had launched a strong campaign against liquor and forced a vend there to close.Khan \"met\" the villagers through a video conference at the local government school where his eponymous production house had set up the system for the purpose. He asked sarpanch Paramjit Singh and other residents about how they were able to do this when they stayed in a region known for its love for alcohol.The talk lasted 20 minutes. He also asked women in the village about how they felt when the vend was closed in 2010.Gurmail Kaur said most of the meagre earnings of her family were drowned in liquor consumption earlier and now, all of it was being utilized for food and fulfilling children's educational requirements.Paramjit said, \"As Aamir himself contacted us, this would motivate others to follow in our footsteps.\"School teacher Renu was all praise for Aamir. Another teacher, Pushpa Vohra, said, \"We told Aamir about the change in behaviour of many residents, who have now started attending parent-teacher meetings after they stopped consuming liquor.\"Aamir took notice of many Sangrur panchayats' act after TOI started its \"Brewing Trouble\" series on excessive use of liquor in the state in late 2011.\"Aamir Khan's production team reached Sangrur villages on October 22 to capture the tale of how panchayats acted. This would make for one episode in Aamir's upcoming project,\" said convener of the NGO, People for Transparency (PFT), Kamal Anand.About 50 Sangrur panchayats used the provisions of Panchayati Raj Act to remove liquor vends from their areas. As part of that, they can ask state excise authorities that there be no liquor vend in their area. PFT and Scientific Awareness Forum had worked to motivating such panchayats in standing up against alcohol abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748094", "title": "SC notice on Talwars\u2019 plea to shift trial to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday issued a notice to CBI on dentist couple Nupur and Rajesh Talwar's plea for transferring their trial, on the charge of murdering daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, from Ghaziabad to Delhi.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar sought the agency's reply within four weeks after the Talwars claimed most of the witnesses were based in Delhi, and that Rajesh had faced a hostile atmosphere in the Ghaziabad court where he was assaulted with a knife by a person in January 2011.CBI sources said the agency would likely oppose the transfer plea.Talwar's counsel Satish Tamta told TOI, \"We filed a plea to transfer the case to a Delhi court as we (the Talwars) don't feel safe there.\"Sources in CBI did not seem convinced by the plea. \"We may oppose this plea as the Talwars have been provided security after last year's attack on Dr Rajesh Talwar,\" said an official, adding that no decision has been taken yet.On January 6, the apex court had cleared the decks for the couple's trial in their daughter Aarushi's murder case. A bench of Justices A K Ganguly (since retired) and J S Khehar had dismissed the couple's plea to quash criminal proceedings against them in the 2008 case involving the killing of Hemraj and their teenaged daughter in Noida. The bench had said there was nothing wrong in the magistrate's order taking cognizance against them and putting them on trial.Refusing to interfere with the lower court's order that had rejected CBI's closure report, the bench said the magistrate gave the ruling after applying his mind. \"We dismiss the appeal,\" the bench said while clarifying that its order would not prejudice the trial against the accused.Aarushi, 14, the only daughter of the Talwars, was found dead with her throat slit at the family's Noida residence on the night of May 15-16, 2008 and the body of Hemraj was found on the terrace the next day.Initially, the investigation was carried out by Uttar Pradesh Police which arrested Rajesh on May 23, 2008. Later, the probe was handed over to the CBI on May 29, 2008 and Rajesh was granted bail by the Ghaziabad court on July 11, 2008. CBI, after probing the murder for over two and half years, had filed its closure report in the case in the Ghaziabad Special CBI court, saying it had been unable to find evidence to prosecute the Talwars.The Ghaziabad trial court had, however, rejected the closure report, saying there was enough prima-facie material in the agency's report to put the couple on trial for their alleged involvement in the twin murders, and had issued summons to them to face the trial. The magistrate took cognizance of the case and summoned the Talwars on February 9, 2011.The couple subsequently moved the Allahabad High Court, which dismissed their plea to quash the trial court summons and the proceedings initiated against them. They then approached the apex court which had on March 19, 2011, stayed the trial against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11749511", "title": "Power distribution co flouted hearing rules?", "text": "INDORE: Raising question over intention of Madhya Pradesh Western Power Distribution Company (Discom), a city-based NGO has lodged a complaint with MP Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) alleging that the discom was violating the guidelines set for public hearing before hiking the tariff. The complainant alleged that the company was trying to avoid challenges from the consumers to its decision to hike power tariff. Recently, a hike of 27 per cent on the existing rate per unit was proposed.The president of Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050, Kishore Kodwani said, \"The discom is misguiding people. As per Allahabad High Court decision, hearings of the challenges from the people to make change in tariff should be held in not less than 21 days from the day the decision is made public. Also, according to MP Electricity Supply Code 2004, Distribution Company had to publish details about the tariff hike in two major newspapers having reach to all the districts.\"Avertisements did not reach all the districts and the relevant information including the current per unit rate and the proposed per unit rate was also not clearly mentioned.Kodwani further alleged that company also violated section 1.6 of MP Electricity Supply Code which states that company should constitute an electricity supply code review panel and guidelines for redressal of consumer grievances.\"To discourage people from attending, the hearing was held in the state capital. Complaint fee was also raised from Rs 200 to Rs 1,000 per copy. They are doing everything possible to discourage objections by keeping people in dark,\" alleged Kodwani.However, chief engineer (commercial) of MPWPDC, Sanjay Mohase refuted the allegations saying that all the guidelines were being met. Hearing was held only after stipulated 21 days. Advertisements were published in two leading newspapers (one Hindi and one English). There was no binding that hearing should be held in Indore only, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ayodhya", "code": "11748317", "title": "Hymns of change echo in Ayodhya", "text": "AYODHYA: In this season of poll, there is an interesting tale doing the rounds in the twin towns of Ayodhya and Faizabad. And no prizes for guessing that it's about Lord Rama, the presiding deity of the place.When He, along with Sita and Lakshman, was proceeding to a 14-year 'banwas', the whole of Ayodhya came to see the three off on Saryu's bank. When the trio started moving further, Rama told all the men and women to go back.They all returned.But,when He came back after 14 years, He found 'kinners' (transgenders) still waiting on the river bank because the Lord had asked only the 'men' and 'women' to go back.Overwhelmed by their devotion, Rama gave them the boon that 'kinners' would rule in Kalyug. \"Gulshan Bindu\", says a retired school teacher RP Srivastava, \"is contesting with Lord Rama's blessings. She would prove right what He had said.\" Srivastava is media incharge of Gulshan, a kinner, who is in the fray from Ayodhya as an independent candidate. There is one more symbolism in her candidature. She has come to Ayodhya from Janakpur in Bihar -- the land of Sita. So, here she claims another Rama connect.Gulshan's campaign -- full of trans-genders coming from different places and local youngsters -- is attracting considerable eyeballs. Nobody says that she is a serious challenger to BJP's Lalloo Singh, Lord Rama's Kalyug agent. He has never lost an election from Ayodhya assembly constituency ever since he rode the crest of temple movement in 1991. But, this time he is battling against an overwhelming sentiment for a change.\"Even if 5,000 in Ayodhya vote for Gulshan Bindu just for the sake of change, it would seriously dent the prospect of Lalloo Singh. Last time he won with just as much margin,\" says Pradeep Singh, a degree college teacher. Apart from this sentiment of change, there is another demon which has been haunting the BJP candidate - delimitation.A Thakur, Singh will have now to placate a large number of Brahmins and Baniyas from Faizabad who have come under his constituency. \"Mujhe Ayodhya ki janta par pura bharosa hain,\" says Lalloo Singh. When reminded that this janta is now accusing him of exploiting Lord Rama's name and not doing much on the development front, he goes on the defensive. \"There have been SP and BSP governments in the state for the past seven years.I couldn't do the way I wanted. But, still I managed funds from the quotas of many BJP MPs like Kalraj Mishra and Vinay Katiyar to do the best I could,\" he says.\"Lalloo is the son of the soil, but doesn't have vision,\" says Ved Prakash Gupta, a social worker. \"Although with these good qualities, but for how long people would keep electing him just because he is easily approachable, remains in the constituency and pays visit to people on all kinds of occasions. People of Ayodhya watch other places galloping ahead on the path of development. They also want the same here.\"His main contender this time is 30-year-old Tej Narayan Pandey alias Pawan Pandey of Samajwadi Party, a member of Akhilesh Yadav's youth brigade. A former vice-president of Lucknow University Students' Union, he made newspaper headlines last month when the Election Commission threatened him that a lavish reception that he was throwing after his wedding would be counted along with his poll expenditure. As a result, Pandey had to cut down the guest list to less than 100. He may have scaled down his wedding bash, the tone and tenor of his campaign smacks of a cub who has smelt the blood. And yes, he spells out his 'vision' with the panache of a pro.\"Ayodhya is the best place to be developed as a centre of religious tourism. But, BJP and its candidates have just cashed in on the name of Lord Rama and not done anything for this place.You go the temples of South India and see how they have been made them a place of tourists' attraction. And here one gets saddened to look at the state of affairs,\" Pandey says amid the hustle of campaigning.He also mentions education. \"There is no good college or institute of higher and job-oriented education. Local youths have to migrate to Lucknow or Delhi. If SP comes to power, I will ensure that I get quality education at my native place,\" he says. \"In 2002 and 2007, one major factor went in favour Lalloo Singh was the fact his main rivals - Abhay Singh and Khabboo Tewari -- were from shady background. So, despite wanting a change,Ayodhya voters found it wise to go for Lalloo instead of the two musclemen,\" says Ashok Pandey, a government employee.This time he won't have that advantage. Both Khabboo and Abhay Singh, who is still in jail in several cases, are pitted against each other in the neighbouring Gosaiaganj constituency. While the SP,which is claiming to have purged its candidate list of criminal candidates, has fielded Abhay,Khabboo is riding the elephant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749414", "title": "Forest dept changes tack to trap tiger pair", "text": "BHOPAL: After failing to trap a tiger pair, prowling in the jungles abutting the city outskirts for the past 27 days, a worried forest department has now tied a calf outside two cages with baits inside to capture the two striped animals posing threat to human settlements around.\"The two goats have been replaced with four calves of buffaloes as bait in cages. Now, we have placed a calf one each in inside cage and the outside. Earlier by placing goats inside the cages we failed to catch the tiger pair,\" Samardha forest ranger officer Sudhir Singh told the TOI.\"We want the striped-animal to take to easy preying so we have put calves outside the cages. Once the big cat gets into the easy habit it will enter the cage for the calf inside and get trapped,\" the forest officer said. \"We replaced goats with buffalo calves in the cages last night,\" he said, adding that a huge number of forest department ground duty staffers were patrolling the jungles, Singh added.The tigress has entered the National Judicial Academy (NJA) on January 6, and the tiger followed suit two days back. Though both returned to jungles within a few minutes, residents in and around the NJA, some 15 km from here, were panicky. It was after January six that the forest department put cages in the jungles to trap the two feline members.The tiger pair, roaming in the jungles of Kerwa and Kaliasot, has possibly come from Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748809", "title": "Ravanan sent to Puzhal jail", "text": "CHENNAI: M R P Ravanan, a close relative of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's former aide Sasikalaa Natarajan, was on Friday remanded in the Puzhal prison in connection with a cheating case registered by the central crime branch (CCB) here.Ravanan, brought here on Friday morning from Coimbatore prison, was produced before Alandur judicial magistrate M Balasubramaniam and remanded in judicial custody till February 16.The CCB then filed a petition seeking five days' custody of Ravanan for questioning in connection with the cheating case against him based on a complaint from Tirupur-based realtor Krishnamurthy. Separately, Ravanan's counsel filed two petitions - one against the CCB's plea for custody and the other seeking first class facilities at the Puzhal prison. The magistrate said the petition would be taken up for hearing on February 6 and directed the CCB to produce Ravanan before the court on that day.After Ravanan was arrested and lodged in the Coimbatore jail on charges of abducting and extorting 10 lakh from building contractor Ravikumar, 38, Krishnamurthy, managing director of Tirupur-based R K Imay Property Developers Private Limited, filed a complaint with the CCB police on January 28 alleging that Ravanan took 1 crore from him to secure sand mining licences in the Trichy and Karur areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11754590", "title": "Key accused in Arunachal MMS scandal re-arrested", "text": "ITANAGAR:, A dismissed police officer, prime accused in the MMS sex scandal involving two minors that rocked Arunachal Pradesh last year, was arrested after being in hiding for nearly a year, the police said on Saturday.The Special Investigating Team (SIT) arrested ASI Boham Bo from his house at Wangun Ponthai in Bordumsa area of Changlang district yesterday.Bo and four constables of Daporijo police station in Upper Subansiri district allegedly forced a minor boy and a girl to have sex inside the police station, video recording it in a mobile phone and circulating it as an MMS clip.The two were caught from Tadak Dulom bridge in Pakam Colony before bringing them to the Daporijo police station.Though the incident occurred on June 12, 2009, it was known only early last year when a member of Arunachal Pradesh Women Welfare Society, a women's organisation, received the clip. The society then lodged a complaint with the state women's commission which led to the arrest of Bo and others.\"The police had arrested all the accused. But Bo has been evading law enforcement agencies since he got bail,\" DIG Anil Shukla, who has been supervising the probe since the SIT took over the case in April last year, said.A fake CBI identity card, maps of Tirap, Changlang and Lohit districts, a mobile phone, and other documents were seized from Bo during the arrest, the DIG said adding he was being taken to Itanagar.Bo was arrested on March 21 last year from the Police Training Centre in Papum Pare district, where he was under training. However, he went underground after getting a transit bail to report to the CJM in Upper Subansiri.He was dismissed from service on May 12 and was declared a proclaimed offender on November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11752589", "title": "Uninor, MTS blame Airtel, RCom of poaching users", "text": "MUMBAI: Incumbent operators like Vodafone, Airtel and RCom have upped the ante in an attempt to poach subscribers from operators whose licences were scrapped by the Supreme Court on Thursday. Uninor and MTS, two of the biggest operators to have been impacted by the apex court's order, seem to be the targets considering that, together, they boast of about 50 million subscribers.These two operators told TOI that some incumbents were sending out SMSes to lure their subscribers onto their networks. Uninor, a joint venture between Norway's Telenor and Indian real estate player Unitech , said it had already approached the GSM industry body-COAI. The exit of new players from the markwill most likely give better pricing power to the older players, resulting in tariffs going up. It will also mean the telecom ecosystem which gets business from these operators - including IT vendors, trade partners and tower companies - will feel the pinch.On Friday, Vodafone put out ads in newspapers asking consumers to port to their network, which seemed like a well-timed marketing initiative. COAI's director general Rajan S Mathews told TOI that the association had got a complaint from the Uninor CEO requesting the body to ask operators from misrepresenting the situation.When TOI got in touch with Vodafone, Airtel and RCom, they denied sending out specific SMSes asking subscribers to port out in the aftermath of the court's judgment. Both Airtel and RCom spokespersons said that MNP activities had been ongoing for a year but nothing specific was done to tap subscribers from affected operators. Uninor customers, retailers and even vendors are receiving SMSes, spreading rumours of discontinuation of services and are being advised to move to other networks, said a Uninor spokesperson.\"It has been brought to our attention by our customers in a few circles that they are being sent SMSes by some of the competing mobile operators and their trade partners. Should this activity continue, we plan to take this issue up with the relevant authorities,\" said a spokesperson at Sistema Shyam, which operates MTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749763", "title": "BJP wants probe against Praful Patel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP has demanded a special probe against former civil aviation minister Praful Patel on Friday after reports in a leading Canadian newspaper suggested that he was bribed.The newspaper reported that Patel during his tenure as civil aviation minister took a bribe of $250,000 from Indian born Canadian national Nazir Karigar after Air India floated tenders to introduce computerised passenger face recognition biometrics system.BJP leader Balbir Punj said, \"This is a very serious development and particularly the way Air India was robbed and after that a serious allegation being made in a very respectable newspaper in Canada. The prime minister must immediately order a high level inquiry and take the nation into confidence as to what he is doing about this serious allegation.\"Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said a probe could not be ordered merely on the basis of a newspaper reports. \"He (Patel) has denied doing any such thing. I have no information about this and he has told the prime minister that he is ready to face a probe. What else can be done? How can any report published in any newspaper lead to a probe? Something concrete has to be there,\" he said.Karigar is accused of paying bribes and also for being involved in a bid-rigging scheme in 2007 in a failed attempt to win contracts for computerized passenger face recognition biometrics system of Air India.The case filed with the Royal Canadian Mountain Police against Karigar also includes the name of Hasan Gafoor, former Mumbai Police commissioner.Meanwhile, the newspaper pointed out that there was no direct proof that Patel had accepted the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748715", "title": "ONV launches literary website", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A literary website that will focus on Malayalam literature and will be a one stop resource for Kerala art and culture was launched by Jnanpith winner O N V Kurup at the university college auditorium here on Friday.\"The website should be able to showcase fine literature and legendary artists in Malayalam across the world,\" said O N V Kurup.\"I hope the website would strive to be an authentic reference unlike so many unreliable websites which provide wrong information,\" he added.\"It is probably for the first time that such an initiative has been launched in an Indian language. The website would be a reservoir of information about Malayalam literature, arts and culture,\" said the website's founder, journalist and poet, Murukan Kattakada.The function was presided over by writer Puthusseri Ramachandran. Other speakers included former bureaucrat D Babu Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11748998", "title": "Plant-lovers in for a treat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you're a plant lover and want to fill your garden with rare orchids and adeniums, now is the time to rush to the horticulture exhibition at the Gujarat Horticulture Association nursery on Panchvati road.Thronging the association's annual exhibition, are not only be plant lovers at various stalls, but also landscape enthusiasts, for whom the exhibition is a forum to exchange ideas and plant knowledge. From organic fertilizers to rare medicinal plants, the exhibition has much to offer.\"There is a consistent increase in participation for the past few years,\" said Rakesh Patel , joint secretary of the association. Does this indicate that Amdavadis are becoming more environmentally conscious? \"Definitely! This is the 44th year the exhibition is being conducted,\" said Patel. \"Also there is an increasing participation in workshops and lectures conducted by experts on plant care. Last year we had 10 delegates from Afghanistan who attended our workshop.\" This year Dr Parul Madiya, professionally an eye specialist but also a bonsai expert conducted a workshop on the art of bonsai which had over 200 participants.Another indication is the increase in number of kept gardens - in both private and public property, notes Patel. \"We received over 140 entries in our 'garden' competition,\" said Patel. Competitions in over 13 categories are an integral part of the exhibition.\"These competitions are ways to encourage environment consciousness,\" said Patel. The exhibition also displays award-winning fruits, vegetables and bonsai landscapes by participants from all over the city. Winners like Times of India, Vejalpur (public garden), Reliance Industries Limited , Naroda (factory garden), were awarded in the opening event on Friday morning. IFFCO bagged the most awards in categories of private garden, traffic island, party plot, private society common plot and school garden.Also landscaping and garden ornamentation is no longer a hobby for homemakers but a full-fledged profession, notes 'Bonsai landscape' winner Rishma Parikh, owner of Bougainvilla, a bonsai shop in the city. A loyalist at this exhibition for the last 5 years, Parikh enthusiastically adds, \"This exhibition has always been a great opportunity to share plant knowledge.\"Puja Nagarsheth, a landscape designer is also one of the many young plant-lovers who have turned their love into a creative profession. Her stall has garden ornamentation and also provides expert advice on landscaping.A special book on horticulture with contributions by experts is available for the plant lovers. Along with buying those anthuriums, K D Pandit or Panditji's stall - a potter from Goa is a must visit. \"I have been selling my wares in this exhibition for the past 24 years,\" says Panditji . His planting pots in a variety of creative forms and terracotta accessories might lure you to be a new regular at this exhibition. The exhibition is open till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11750638", "title": "Justice Hegde welcomes SC directive on 2G", "text": "MANGALORE: Former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde welcomed the Supreme Court verdict, which ordered cancellation of 122 licences of 2G spectrum issued to 11 companies in 2008. \"I do not consider Supreme Court's directive as a victory of our fight against corruption.However, it is indeed a great move as far as our nation is concerned. The directive has exposed completely to what extent corruption prevails in the government,\" Justice Hegde noted.\"One Union minister was asserting that there was no loss to the exchequer in the 2G spectrum allocation. Now, the SC has proved that his statement is false,\" he added. Justice Hegde refused to comment on the recent development of barring former Isro chief G Madhavan Nair and three other eminent space scientists from any re-employment in connection with their alleged role in the allocation of scarce S-band space segment to a private firm Devas.\"The matter does not come under my purview,\" he said. On delay in the appointment of Lokayukta in the state, Justice Hegde questioned the government for proposing only one name for the post. \"Why they have suggested the name of only one person? It proves that the government wants only that person as the Lokayukta. It will create a wrong impression in people's mind. Let the government send another proposal with 2-3 names for the post,\" he said, referring to government's proposal of appointing Justice S R Bannurmath as the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749822", "title": "RAU teachers disappointed", "text": "PATNA: Expressing their serious concern over the inordinate delay in enhancement of the age of their superannuation from 62 to 65 years, Rajendra Agricultural University (RAU), Pusa, Samastipur, teachers have urged the state government to take necessary steps for its implementation.RAU Teachers' Association general secretary Mohd Murtuza pointed out that the department of agricultural research and education, ministry of agriculture, Government of India (GOI), has already communicated its approval to the state government for implementing the Sixth UGC revised payscale along with other service conditions for the teachers of the state agricultural universities.The same package of UGC recommendations was meant for the traditional universities as communicated by the ministry of human resource development, GOI. There are two agriculture universities in Bihar. In the light of the common recommendations of the UGC for all the universities, it was supposed that the retirement age of the teachers of all the universities would be raised to 65 years without differentiating among teachers of the traditional and agricultural universities.The retirement age of the teachers in traditional universities has been rightly enhanced from 62 to 65 years with effect from June 30, 2010, by the state government, but the same has not been done for the teachers of the agricultural universities, he said. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750759", "title": "Fear grips telecom employees over job loss", "text": "KOCHI: Following the Supreme Court order to cancel licences of 122 telecom companies in the 2G scam, the employees in the telecom sector are panic stricken and fear losing their jobs.Many youngsters expressed concern over losing their jobs and were not sure of where to go or what to do.Midhun Mohan, a marketing executive working in one of the affected companies said that no one is aware of what is going on or what is yet to come.\"Normally when a company is affected, the rivals will make benefit from this and the same is going to happen to our company too. Many of the customers will shift to other networks and without customers how will employees like us survive,\" he said. According to Arun Jith, a sales staff working with a telecom company in the state, many companies in the sector will cut down the workforce. Arun said that he is really concerned and has no idea on how to support his family if he loses job.An expert in the field of recruitment said that there will be a decline in employment in the telecom sector in the state. Nisha JK, director of GreenPepper Consulting said that hiring in the telecom sector has been slow paced for the past 18 months and will get worse in the coming days.\"We have seen consolidation and centralization of services from a central location which has led to huge layoffs and roles being made redundant. Many professionals in the telecom sector are opting for jobs in other sectors, mainly in the FMCG and FMCD sectors,\" said Nisha.Meanwhile, many of the affected companies have already send official communications to employees stating that the company will not be affected and work will go on as usual.A senior official of a telecom company said that there is no need to panic and that the companies will overcome the situation.\"The affected companies can participate in the fresh auction and can get back their licence in proper manner, which would solve the issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750220", "title": "The young keep chin up, fight cancer", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first thing that one notices about 16-year-old Sai Kumar is his infectious smile, which is bright enough to overshadow the wheelchair he uses to move around. Sai recently lost his left leg to bone cancer but he does not let it bring him down. It all began when he was hit on his leg by a ball while playing cricket. After regular massages for a month did not reduce the swelling on the leg, he was brought to Yashoda Hospital in the city where he was diagnosed with bone cancer. While the lad came to terms with his condition, his parents were struck with disbelief, but those are emotions of the past now as Sai has overcome the deadly disease and is hopeful of leading a normal life with the help of an advanced artificial limb.The mere mention of the word 'cancer' is enough to instill fear in people's minds, but on the World Cancer Day, the medical fraternity and cancer survivors have joined hands to spread the message that with courage and patience, one can not only fight but also defeat this disease. All that is required is constant support from family and doctors say relatives of cancer patients, in tune with this year's World Cancer Day theme, \"Together it is possible\".When six-year-old Madhusudan Reddy was diagnosed with lymphoma last year, he grudged the painful chemotherapy sessions he had to undergo. \"Till the first three doses, he treated me like his enemy for forcing him to go through all that pain. He would lock himself in his room and refuse to talk to me. It was very hard for us to see him react like that. But I did not let that affect me. I kept talking to him and made him understand that it was for his own good. I promised to give him a gift after every session. I would get him toys and drawing books to keep him motivated,\" said Harinder Reddy, Madhusudan's father. He went on to say that his son even took the side effects of chemotherapy, like loss of hair, in his strides after he explained to him that it was a sign that the treatment was working. He added, \"I wanted him to feel as normal as possible throughout the six months of his treatment. Since he could not go out, we too stopped going out during the treatment. He likes chips a lot, so we made chips at home for him. Now he is fine and he is going to school too. It is very important that the family members stay calm, brave and follow the doctor's instructions carefully.\"While in many cases the family members have to strive to keep the patient's spirits up, there are others like 11-year-old Manasa (name changed on request) who keep their parents at ease. \"When we heard that our daughter had lymphoma, we were very scared. But she never let it affect her,\" said her father. He further said, \" Even during the six-month course of chemotherapy, she was always active and her normal self. She made friends with all the nurses in the hospital and she never used the wheelchair. Now she is fully cured and she even got seventh rank in her half yearly exams in school. Now, I can firmly say that courage is the most important factor to fight cancer.\"For juvenile cancer patients, this courage plays an even more important role as there are many who are too young to even understand their medical condition. Waseem Ahmed, father of leukemia patient Aleem Ahmed said, \"My son was diagnosed with leukemia when he was just three years old. He did not know anything about cancer or chemotherapy. He went through the treatment and all the painful bone marrow tests ignorant of his condition. But that was a plus point as the pain would only have aggravated had he fully known the situation. After 21 cycles of chemotherapy and radiation therapy, he is doing much better now. People at Apollo Hospital call him 'hero'. He is now eight years and loves to dance and play cricket.\" Another such patient, nine-year-old B Kartik from Srikakulam is suffering from bone cancer unaware of the seriousness of the disease. After five months of treatment, doctors say he is 90% cured now. Kartik's father said that his son was too young to understand what he was suffering from, he was in pain initially and had to remain on bed for two months but today he is able to walk normally and is improving.Parents of young cancer patients repeatedly stress on the need for being brave and contribute to the recovery process. They say that moral support from doctors and loved ones goes a long way in helping the patient put up a fight. Ramayashree, an eight-year-old girl who was diagnosed with a brain tumor eight months ago and later blood cancer is holding on, thanks to family support. \"She had brain surgery at Osmania Hospital around eight months back and is now on a six month treatment course for blood cancer. She is fighting it courageously. The process has made her very dull, but she will not give up,\" said B Kokila Devi, her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750749", "title": "P C George pulls VS to high court", "text": "KOCHI: UDF chief whip and MLA P C George has petitioned the high court seeking a CBI probe into the role of opposition leader and former chief minister V S Achuthanandan in 'manipulating the tender process' for the project to manage the government data centre.In his petition, George has alleged that the project was awarded at a higher cost to Reliance Communication Limited keeping aside a lower bid quoted by Tata Consultancy Services and HCL. He has stated that the contract was awarded to Reliance Communication Limited for Rs 5.9 crore under the influence of 'corporate broker' T G Nandakumar even though the TCS quoted only Rs 4.99 crore.Furthermore, George alleges that Achuthanandan influenced a probe by the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau against Nandakumar, who apparently uses his influence to prevent raids at corporate houses and acts as a middleman in high-profile corporate deals.The contract to manage the government data centre was initially granted to TCS for a period of three years since 2005. When it was time renew the contract, National Informatics Centre had expressed its unwillingness to host State's data.The petitioner has alleged that Achuthanandan in his capacity as chief minister was in-charge of the State IT Mission. He selected Reliance from the six bidders, which included TCS, HCL, 3i Infotech, Tulip IT Solutions, KELTRON, and C-DIT.HCL, the lowest bidder, had quoted Rs 4.97 crore, followed by TCS. However, the government headed by Achuthanandan included Reliance also in the tender process later on and awarded the contract to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11755653", "title": "Builders urge PMC to lift ban", "text": "PATNA: Days after Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) imposed a ban on any further construction at the nine upcoming high-rises on the bank of Ganga, city builders on Saturday requested the municipal body to take back the ban.The chairman of Bihar chapter of Builders' Association of India (BAI), Manikant, said: \"Such reports (about imposition of ban) have shown real estate industry in Bihar in a bad light.\"Following concerns over structural safety of these buildings, PMC recently imposed ban on any further construction at Minakchi Apartment, Badri Villa Apartment and Dujra Marine Drive, all at Dujra; G M Tower, Braj Nandan Apartment, River Side and Eagal Apartment at Rajapur; and Royal Residency and Saraswati Chandra Complex at Mainpura.At a press conference here on Saturday, BAI officials claimed that soil properties of the areas concerned have been tested and reports already submitted to PMC. \"In case of all these buildings, the builders concerned have already obtained Planning Report (PR) from PMC and all the maps have been approved as per PR,\" the officials said.Sachin Chandra, chairman of BAI's Patna circle claimed: \"All the structures (buildings) in question are earthquake-resistant. We have got approval from the fire department and also have provision of sewer and outlet drain as well.As PMC commissioner was not in the city on Saturday, BAI members will meet him on Monday. They are also planning to meet the chief minister on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "valparai/coimbatore", "code": "11748557", "title": "Leopard kills 4-year-old boy near Valparai", "text": "VALPARAI/COIMBATORE: A four-year-old boy was killed by a leopard in a tea estate bordering the Anamalai Tiger Reserve near Valparai, on Friday. J Jerin, a nursery student of St Antony Primary School here, was with his father Jayakumar, a medical representative in Coimbatore, and his older brother, Kevin, 8, when the leopard attacked them.The three were walking along a dirt track in the Mukkottu Mudi tea estate towards the bazaar at 7pm.The leopard, which was hiding in the bushes, leapt at the boy and dragged him into the bushes. His father and brother shouted for help. When estate workers rushed to the spot, the leopard fled. Jerin was taken to the estate hospital, where he was declared brought dead.Sources said Jayakumar and the boys had taken a short cut through the estate, though forest officials had advised people not to venture beyond the road in the dark.In the last 10 years, leopards have killed six children and two adults in Valparai, sources said.On Thursday, a leopard was trapped by forest officials in the town, and was later released into the forest. In November last, Kausipriya of Thaimudi estate survived a leopard attack as her mother Muniyammal and brother Gajendran succeeded in scaring away the animal. Leopard attacks had claimed two children in 2010.Two goats were killed in a leopard attack two months ago in the same area. After finding the carcasses of the goats, a large number of residents had gathered at the forest office, seeking protection from attacks by wild animals.Forest officials have set up traps for the leopard in all vulnerable spots in town.N I Jalauddin, president of the Nature Conservation Society, said many tea estates were located on the forest fringes. There was an increase in the number of attacks by wild animals as the encroachment of forests was on the rise. Leopards had become acquainted with the smell and taste of dogs, and had developed a liking for their flesh.Jalauddin said the Central and state governments should take necessary steps to put an end to encroachment of forests and create a healthy atmosphere for these animals to breed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750614", "title": "Do not criticize ally, Pawar tells partymen", "text": "With the personality clash between industries minister Narayan Rane and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar threatening to hijack the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party joint election campaign, NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Friday urged partymen to show restraint by not making personal attacks on coalition partners.The parties are fighting jointly in 10 districts and separately in 12 but the political discord between the two partners has increased.The two senior leaders have been sparring, with Rane, warning he would take the battle to Pawar's home districts, exposing his alleged involvement in land scams. Ajit Pawar retaliated by saying that Rane had lost his mental balance as he was sidelined in his party.\"Without doubt, every party has a right to fight to expand its electoral base, but even in such a competitive scenario our leaders must make efforts not to get personal. Deve-lopments over the last three days cannot be repeated. After all, the two parties are working at the Centre as coalition partners,\" said Pawar, who urged Mumbaikars to vote for the coalition as it has better developmental ideas and a stronger cadre base. The two partners, Pawar said, are fighting for change in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and were confident of winning the polls despite a rebellion and infighting.He said the Supreme Court verdict in the 2G scam case will not impact polls in five states and the United Progressive Alliance will emerge stronger.Controversies build up in CongressThe buzz in political circles is that construction projects in some wards allegedly played a part in the Congress list of candidates for the elections. Developers of slum projects have allegedly influenced the party's choice in one ward in the island city and four in the suburbs.A controversial mega slum project approved under clause 3K of the Slum Act in the western suburbs allegedly had a role to play in deciding a candidate. The seat was one among those where senior party leaders differed on the choice of candidate till the very end. Similarly, a party ticket in a ward in Bandra (E) was allegedly influenced by a controversial project undertaken by a top developer.The son of a senior party politician allegedly obtained a ticket from a ward in the island city, where he is involved in construction work. A politiciancum-builder was allegedly in contention for another ward in Malad, where he is undertaking slum projects. The local legislator from the area had supported his nomination. He was edged out by the kin of a sitting corporator only because the latter's candidature was supported by the party parliamentary board.Meanwhile, the Congress, unlike other parties, has failed to kick off door-to-door campaigning, still trying to resolve disputes over distribution of tickets.Suspended city general secretary Ajit Sawant has continued to criticize the party election strategy and its leaders. Singh appealed to rebel candidates to withdraw their nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749196", "title": "Cancer catches them young in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahesh Patel, a 28-year old fashion photographer, was flying high on ambition. If life would serve a tired ball at him, he would tear open a packet of gutkha, chew it and get energised for hard work. Six months ago, he was diagnosed with tongue cancer.Ten per cent of his tongue was surgically removed and he is currently undergoing radiotherapy to ensure that the cancer is stopped from spreading and he is cured.\"I started chewing gutkha when I was only 15 years. Friends egged me to try gutkha. Later, I was hooked. I could not do without eating atleast 10 pouches. I thought I could not live, function without it. It seems like one big foolish thought to live with\", Mahesh told TOI.On eve of World Cancer Day on Friday, there were a number of young men who were battling for life in hospitals because they could not kick the addiction of tobacco.In Ahmedabad as well as in Gujarat, spread of oral cancer is alarming. \"Oral cancer accounts for 40 per cent cancers in men in the state. This is because of high addiction to gutkha,\" said noted head and neck cancer surgeon of HCG Medisurge, Dr Kaustubh Patel.Raju Prajapati, 35, is one such young man who fell prey to tobacco addiction and paid a heavy price for the same. On Friday, he was shifted to the ward in HCD Medisurge Hospital after 70 per cent of his tongue was removed. Prajapati alays kept his mouth full with packets of 135 tobacco masala mixed with lime. The chemicals finally caught up with him when he developed tongue cancer.\"Friends got me started to chewing tobacco and then I got hooked. I tried to kick the addiction but was never able to. My message to youngsters is to not get started on this habit\" Raju told TOI.Young children, even 10-12 year old boys and girls have picked up the habit of chewing gutkha. \"The habit of chewing tobacco is spreading like cancer,\" says Raju's brother-in-law.Cancer and the cityIncidence of Cancer in Ahmedabad (Urban)Men - 94.4 per 100, 000 / New Cases per YearWomen - 75.5 per 100,000 / New cases per YearIncidence of Cancer in Ahmedabad (Rural)Men - 71.7 per 100,000 / New Cases per YearWomen- 49 per 100,000 / New Cases per YearWhere cancer hurts men the mostLeading sites of cancer in Men - Ahmedabad Urban /New Cases Every YearMouth - 12.9 per 100,000Tongue - 8.3 per 100,000Lung - 7.1 per 100, 000Oesophagus - 5.7 per 100,000Hypopharynx - 4.2 per 100,000Where cancer hurts women the mostLeading Sites of cancer in Females - Ahmedabad Urban / New cases per yearBreast - 21.5 per 100,000Cervix Uteri - 9.1 per 100,000Ovary - 4.1 per 100, 000Oesophagus - 3.1 per 100,000Mouth - 2.4 per 100,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11749663", "title": "NCP can bring devpt: RR Patil", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alone can give a facelift to rural Maharashtra through sustained development, said home minister RR Patil. He was addressing a huge public rally at Danki in Umarkhed tehsil on Thursday to kick-off the party's election campaign for the ensuing ZP and PS elections scheduled on February 7.Party state unit president Madhukar Pichad presided over the function while minister for food and drugs administration Manohar Naik, MLC Sandeep Bajoria, former legislators Vijay Patil Chondikar and Prakash Patil Deosarkar shared the dais.Patil recalled the contribution of Yashwantrao Chavan and Vasantrao Naik. He said that Yashwantrao Chavan took initiative to decentralize power in the state during his regime as CM and later Vasantrao Naik fulfilled the aspirations of Chavan by establishing ZP, municipal councils and panchayat samitis in the state, and added that their incomplete tasks are now being completed by NCP chief Sharad Pawar . NCP has dedicated itself to ensure justice to people from all walks of life and succeeded in getting a legislation passed in the Parliament to ensure 50% reservation to women in the country, Patil said.Patil said that regional parties are getting more public support in West Bengal, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh and urged people to strengthen NCP in Maharashtra. He assured to provide better medical care through mediclaim insurance, interest-free agriculture loan to farmers up to Rs 1 lakh and loan up to Rs 3 lakh at 3% interest.Patil criticized the Congress for not bringing about development in rural areas despite ruling zilla parishads.and panchayat samitis all these years and promised that his party would rectify this lapse.Patil took a dig at MPCC president Manikrao Thakre by saying he had to develop a helipad adjacent to his residence as there is no proper road to reach there. Patil also reacted sharply to the recent remarks of minister Narayan Rane and said the people will teach a befitting lesson through ballots.Pichad claimed that NCP had emerged as number 1 in the state and set to capture power in a majority of ZPs in the state.Minister Manohar Naik appealed to the people to vote for the victory of NCP-RPI (Gavai) alliance candidates in ZP and PS elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747961", "title": "1 dead, 3 hurt as dumper overturns", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old labourer died on the spot after a dumper filled with sand overturned on a service road near Wakad on Friday morning. Two more labourers and the driver of the dumper sustained injuries in the accident. Kundalik Mukane (22) of Gahunje in Maval, who was sitting on the heap of the sand in the dumper, died after he was trapped under the sand.The police had to use a crane to remove Mukane's body. The other labourers Pintu Waghmare and Dadaji Nikam were rescued by the local people and the police. Waghmare, Nikam and the dumper driver Dadasaheb Padvale are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Chinchwad.The traffic on Katraj-Dehu Road bypass was thrown out of gear for around an hour following the accident. The Hinjewadi police faced a difficult time restoring the traffic to normalcy.Sub-inspector of the Hinjewadi police station, Pradip Khatmode, said the incident took place around 11 am, near Indira college at Wakad. The dumper was on its way from Urse to Wakad. \"The repair work of the service road is on and a trench has been dug along the side of the road,\" Khatmode said.In an attempt to avoid dashing against a car, dumper driver Padvale lost control of the wheel and it went off the road and fell in the trench. The impact was such that the vehicle overturned. \"The three labourers who were sitting on the sand, got stuck between the dumper and the sand,\" Khatmode said.Local people managed to rescue Waghmare and Nikam, however, Mukane died on the spot.\"Many onlookers had stopped their vehicles to see what had happened, due to which, the crane and the fire tender faced difficulties in reaching the accident spot,\" Khatmode said.Senior inspector of the Hinjewadi police, Ganpatrao Madgulkar, visited the spot. The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749582", "title": "MMC seeks EC nod for EoIs to cap Sonsoddo garbage dump", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council has written to the election commission seeking its nod to invite expressions of interest from consulting agencies to prepare a detailed project report for capping the Sonsoddo garbage dump in a scientific manner.Confirming this, MMC chief officer J B Bhingui said the EC's approval has been sought in view of the model code of conduct in force.\"Once we get the go-ahead, we will invite EoIs from interested agencies for designing the closure of the dump and for preparing the DPR based on which tenders will be invited to execute the work,\" Bhingui told TOI.MMC will also place its plan of action before the high court of Bombay at Goa which is monitoring the progress of work of the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo, sources said.The proposal for the scientific closure of Sonsoddo on the lines of the Gorai dumping ground in Mumbai, was initially mooted by the concessionaire for the solid waste management plant, Fomento.Subsequent testing of samples by an independent laboratory confirmed the presence of toxic metals.Solid waste management consultant P U Asnani, in his report to MMC, suggested the capping of Sonsoddo as per specifications for scientific closure under Municipal Solid Waste Rules 2000. He further suggested that the exercise should be monitored.The capping exercise will now replace the original plan of screening existing waste from the dump and carting away rejects for safe disposal.Capping envisages levelling and reforming the existing heap of garbage and incorporating environmental mitigation measures, including laying of geotextiles (impermeable surface cover).These measures are meant to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas, to develop a leachate collection system, develop a green belt and landscaping that will include a green cover over the dump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749380", "title": "I-T sold his Ferrari, made him monk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He was known as a maverick businessman who had financed prominent realtors and jewellers of the city during the 1980s. His sprawling bungalow, LT House - near Kankaria Lake - regularly hosted politicians, Bollywood stars and cricketers. But life of Laxminarayan Tulsidas Thakkar, better known as LT Shroff, was scripted with a crude climax.On Thursday, when the income tax department auctioned his mansion for Rs 3.55 crore, Thakkar was meditating miles away in Maharashtra. Now 65 years old, Thakkar leads a reclusive life as Swami Lalitanand at Jalaram Ashram, Vrajeshwari village, near Mumbai.The private financer, who saw several income tax raids on his firm at Manek Chowk between 1990 and 1997, renounced worldly pleasures in 2003. He was declared \"not traceable\" by the income tax department, and to recover tax arrears his house was auctioned. His son now runs a small property broking business and a nursery school. Incidentally, the bungalow has been purchased by Thakkar's nephew Rajen at the auction.\"Even our dogs moved around in imported cars in those days,\" said Thakkar's son Kalpesh, 43 who now rides a scooter and has around Rs 2 crore tax demand pending against him. \"My father took over the ancestral moneylending business to new heights. But he left home after many to whom he had lent money refused to pay up. That led to a family dispute. Income tax raids only added to our problems.\"The I-T department has also attached Thakkar's flat worth Rs 70 lakh in Mithakhali. This property too will go under the hammer, say IT officials. \"Earlier a tax demand of around Rs 100 crore was raised by I-T department. The settlement commission lowered it to around Rs 70 crore,\" said a senior I-T official.Family members say Thakkar had to recover over Rs 200 crore from the market before he filed for bankruptcy in late 1990s. \"His clout diminished after politicians who backed him lost elections,\" said a family member. \"During the raids, a large amount of cash and jewellery was seized along with a diary which had details of loans given by Thakkar.\"He said Thakkar travels to Ahmedabad sometimes to meet old friends , including a senior Gujarat politician and a city realtor, who unlike others did not disown him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748191", "title": "\u2018Toll Hatao\u2019 body seeks support of traffic police", "text": "GURGAON: A delegation of Toll Hatao Sangarsh Samiti met the traffic police on Friday over the issue of traffic congestion at the two plazas on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.The delegation appealed DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora to intervene and assist in getting vehicles that are registered in Gurgaon exempted from toll.The delegation headed by the committee's chairman Col (rtd) Kanwar Bhardwaj appraised the police about their stand. They alleged that Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) was violating the concession agreement leading to inconvenience of about 3 lakh vehicles that use the expressway every day.According to the Sangarsh Samiti, around 2 lakh vehicles are using the 32-lane toll plaza every day against the maximum capacity of 1.7lakh vehicles. This invariably leads to snarls. Kulbhushan Bhardwaj, a member of the core committee, said: \"According to the contract's clause number 8.1, a competing road facility can be built between Delhi and Gurgaon by the state or the Centre if 1.7 lakh vehicles cross the toll plaza for continuous six months. But this point has been completely ignored. Moreover, there is no provision for service lane at the toll plaza.\"Seeking their support, Sangarsh Samiti members appealed traffic police to continue with their drive to open toll gates whenever vehicle pile-up crosses a particular limit. They added that police should ensure that Gurgaon registered vehicles are given free passage, particularly during peak hours.Regarding the upcoming hearing in the high court on February 9 of a civil writ petition filed by the private concessionaire DSC Ltd against Gurgaon Traffic Police to restrain the department from opening up boom barriers at Sirhol Toll Plaza, members appealed that the police should highlight the plight of commuters.Meanwhile, a meeting of the Samiti and NHAI, that was earlier scheduled for Friday, has been postponed by a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748900", "title": "Shut up and stop crib deaths, Cong tells Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday advised ally and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee to focus on preventing infant deaths instead of making political points over it, a blunt statement which appeared to flow from the rocky relationship between the UPA partners.The deaths have triggered a furore in the media, with political rivals blaming it on Trinamool Congress's apathy towards real issues. An agitated state CM retaliated with comparative figures to claim that child mortality rate in Bengal was lower than in other states.Asked for comments, AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said, \"It is important to prevent deaths and not act in cross-blaming. It's a painful episode and not a political matter.\" The counsel is unlikely to go well with the volatile UPA ally which has been on a warpath with the Congress lately. Workers of the two parties clashed on Kolkata streets over renaming of Indira Bhawan and paddy procurement.The Trinamool chief recently accused the Prime Minister and the Congress leadership of being indifferent to the plight of Bengal, saying the Centre had not paid a \"single penny\" since she took over as CM despite being aware of the state's debt and revenue situation.Congress has, while ducking provocations, decided to exercise restraint till March, hoping a victorious scoreline in five state elections will restore its political primacy after months of battering from the opposition.The party feels the post-UP situation will force SP on its side and provide it the buffer in Lok Sabha to stare down Banerjee.Congress, however, has made sure to not let pass a situation to put the TMC chief in a spot. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari this week suggested that individuals or groups could move court against the state's decision to abolish their right to strike.While expressing ignorance about the context of the Trinamool Congress government's decision, he underlined the Constitution gave every Indian the 'right to organize\". Singhvi's statement on infant deaths can be seen as part of the pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752198", "title": "Bollywood mourns Raj Kanwar's death", "text": "Eminent filmmaker Raj Kanwar (53) passed away on Friday morning in Singapore . Kanwar who has been suffering from kidney ailment since the past year had gone there for a kidney transplant but breathed his last even before the operation happened. The film industry was in a state of shock over the untimely demise of this prolific filmmaker.Incidentally Kanwar's elder brother K Pappu also died of the same ailment five years ago and at the age of 53. Kanwar's body will be flown to India today. Kanwar is survived by his wife Anita and two sons Karan (20) and Abhay Kanwar (16). The cremation will be held at Oshiwara on Sunday afternoon at 12.Raj Kanwar (earlier assistant to Rajkumar Santoshi) arrived in Bollywood with a big bang with his directorial debut Deewana which launched one of the country's biggest superstars in the form of Shah Rukh Khan .The film went on to smash all box-office records and then Kanwar went on to create some of the biggest hits in the form of Laadla, Jeet, Daag-The Fire, Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega and Andaaz. He successfully launched the career of several Bollywood stars - Priyanka Chopra , Lara Dutta , Arya Babbar, Amrita Rao , apart from SRK. Known for his shy nature and extremely low-profile life style, Kanwar was a man of few words whose only passion was cinema. In the last couple of years Kanwar launched Shatrughan Sinha's son Luv in Saadiyaan, which was a flop and was planning his next film.Movies directed Sadiyaan (2010) | Humko Deewana Kar Gaye (2006) | Andaaz (2003) | Ab Ke Baras (2002) | Farz (2001) | Dhaai Akshar Prem Ke (2000) | Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega... (2000) | Badal (2000) | Daag: The Fire (1999) | Itihaas (1997) | Jeet (1996) | Jaan (1996) | Kartavya (1995) | Laadla (1994) | Deewana (1992)Bollywood grievesShah Rukh Khan Launched by Kanwar in Deewana My friend Raj Kanwarji passed away. The impermanence of life, makes one feel so helpless. May his soul rest in peace. Aisi Deewangi...miss u sirAkshay Kumar Worked with Raj Kanwar in Andaaz and Humko Deewane Kar Gaye Deeply saddened to know, Raj Kanwar, one of our finest directors passed away. He'd directed two of my personal favourite films of my career, Andaaz and Hum Ko Deewana Kar Gaye. My thoughts and prayers with his family. RIP.Lara Dutta Launched by Raj Kanwar in Andaaz R.I.P. Raj ji. Friend,director and guide. Bid goodbye with a very heavy heart! :-(. We lost a kind, gentle, positive manAbhishek Bachchan Worked with him in Dhai Akshar Prem Ke Terribly saddened by the passing of Raj Kanwar. Was the first person to sign me after Refugee. He made Aishwarya and my first film together. Dhai Akshar Prem Ke. Was a lovely man, always happy, smiling and joking. Have wonderful memories of him. Now no more.Priyanka Chopra Launched by him in Andaaz Saddens me so much,my 1st director Raj Kanwar passed away..RIP Rajji..U believed in me when even I didn't. Andaaz taught me everything I knowSuneel Darshan Produced Andaaz, which Raj Kanwar directed I have very fine memories of Raj. Our relationship spanned over 25 years.He worked with me as an assiatant director in the late 1980s. He directed Andaaz for me in 2003. He was a very brilliant filmmaker but not very media savvy. He had an illustrious career. His death is too shocking. He was just in his 50s. He met me before he left for Singapore. That was my last meeting with him.Amrita Rao Launched by Raj Kanwar in Ab Ke Baras How can I forget the first filmmaker who I debuted with? He was a tough taskmaster and a perfectionist. He demanded high voltage performances from his actors and made sure that they delivered in their first take.Rumi Jaffery Wrote Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega for Kanwar I tried calling him a few days back to show him my film. He used to ask me about it. I couldn't connect to him at the time. I landed back from Dubai and received a message about his death. He was a very good friend.Luv Sinha launched by Raj Kanwar in Saadiyaan He was a very lively person, always full of life even when he was unwell. It was entertaining to be around him. As a director, he would try explaining things differently and it was a learning experience. I still can't get over the shock. He was very quick in his work and he had a good music sense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747892", "title": "SC questions govt\u2019s dismissal of Army chief\u2019s complaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: The unprecedented legal battle between the government and Army chief Gen V K Singh over what should be the latter's date of birth got underway on Friday in Supreme Court with Justice R M Lodha saying that the defence ministry's rejection of Gen Singh's statutory complaint was \"vitiated\".A day after Gen Singh had a surprise late evening interaction with the government's chief trouble shooter, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , the hearing saw the government standing by its decision to treat 1950 as the gritty general's year of birth.Attorney general G E Vahanvati told the bench of Justices Lodha and H L Gokhale that the statutory complaint was rejected because it was not maintainable.While the bench did not go into questioning the merits of the decision, Justice Lodha expressed disapproval of the process the government followed to reject Gen Singh's statutory complaint, saying it was \"vitiated\".Justice Lodha pointed out that the rejection of Gen Singh's statutory complaint was based on the advice of Vahanvati, when the attorney general had earlier given an opinion against accepting the Army chief's demand that his date of birth in records be corrected. The court asked the government to decide if it wanted to withdraw its order of December 30 given to the Army chief, or the court should quash it.\"We are not concerned as much with the decision but we are concerned with the decision-making process which is vitiated as the July 21 order was also based on the consideration of opinion given by the attorney general and when the statutory complaint of the Army chief was decided on December 30, there also attorney general's opinion was taken into consideration,\" the court said, according to PTI.\"There is no problem in you giving opinion but the problem here is that the order passed by the authority in the name of the President is in consultation with your opinion,\" PTI quoted Justice Lodha as saying in reference to the AG's opinion. \"What we have understood is that the decision-making process appears to have been vitiated,\" the bench added.Solicitor general Rohinton Nariman, who joined Vahanvati in defending the government, said on the facts no prejudice was caused to Gen Singh. The court replied, \"We are more concerned about constitutional principles -- whether this order of December 30 stands the test of constitutional principle of natural justice and principle of ultra vires.\"The attorney general said he would get back to the court after seeking instructions from the government, leading the bench to schedule the next hearing on February 10.By Friday evening, the government was yet to start consultations on its response. Defence minister A K Antony left for Kerala in the evening. However, sources said the government would defend its decision to consult the AG a second time by informing the court that the senior-most law officer had to be consulted afresh because the Army chief had cited new facts in his statutory complaint.In any case, even if the government decides to withdraw the December 30 order to meet Justice Lodha's concerns, it would make no material difference to the government's stand that Gen Singh's date of birth would be May 10, 1950.On July 21 last year, the MoD had replied to Gen Singh's complaint reiterating the same, and it could then become the basis for further hearing.During the hearing, the government suggested that the dispute could be settled by the Armed Forces Tribunal, but the SC rejected it saying the tribunal had Army officers junior to the chief. And it was not right for them to decide on a case that concerned the Army chief.Gen Singh dragged the government to the apex court after the defence ministry insisted, while rejecting his statutory complaint, that his date of birth would officially be May 10, 1950. By this record, the chief will retire on May 31 this year.In his 68-page petition, Gen Singh said, \"The respondent needs to explain as to why the senior-most officer of the Army could be treated in a manner which reflects total lack of procedure and principles of natural justice and that too on an opinion obtained from the attorney general.\" He claimed it was his right to have a \"dignified life\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748364", "title": "2 candidates not on voters' list", "text": "NASHIK: The names of two candidates for the Nashik Municipal Corporation polls along with their spouses were found missing on Friday from the electoral rolls. The two candidates - Sapna Magar and Shalini Dumre - complained that their names had figured in the mother rolls but were not included in the final voters' list. They pointed out that the names of their spouses - Raju Magar and Sharad Dumre - were also missing.Both had filed their nominations from ward no. 2. Sapna is a candidate of the Shiv Sena while Shalini is a nominee of the Congress.Shalini said that since her name was not in the voters' list, she would not be able to contest the polls, Sapna, with the relevant documents, lodged a complaint with district collector P Velrasu. The collector ordered that her name be included in the list but civic officials officiating as returning officers said that since it was not clearly mentioned whether the name should be included in the assembly voters' list or the civic voters' list, they were unable to add her name.Subsequently, she went to the district court, where she faced the same technical problem. Finally, she approached state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan with all her documents. Satyanarayan assured her that necessary action would be taken.The state election commissioner was to send a fax to Nashik officials on the issue on Friday but officials said that they had not yet received any communication. Meanwhile, the Shiv Sena leaders said that they had got in touch with the state election commissioner's office and were told that the fax had been sent.The returning officer confirmed that the names were missing but said that a decision was yet to be taken by them on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748149", "title": "Lata dismisses death rumours", "text": "MUMBAI: On Thursday night, Twitter and Facebook were abuzz with rumours of playback singer Lata Mangeshkar's death . The rumour was also propagated through free messaging services like BBM and WhatsApp and by way of forwarded text messages.However, the singer clarified on Twitter that she was in good health. \"Namaskar. Pls (sic) don't believe any rumours (...) All is well, by the Grace of God,\" tweeted the 82-year-old on the micro-blogging site, where she has over 4,12,000 followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748065", "title": "Tipsy pilots beware, holding breath will no longer help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inebriated pilots will soon have nowhere to hide. Aviation authorities detected a fatal flaw in the system being used to conduct breathalyser tests for airline crew after failing to find even a single 'high' pilot or airhostess during last Christmas and New Year. A drunk crew member could pass this test simply by holding his or her breath and not exhaling in the \"alco sensor-III\" machine being used till now. Since the machine would not get any air with alcoholic fumes, it would clear the crew member as sober.After detecting this, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) last week asked airlines to upgrade the breathalyzer test machine to \"alco sensor-IV\". The main difference in this machine is that it would show if a crew member has exhaled or not and give a result only after analysing the air sample. So, holding breath would no longer be an insurance against getting caught.\"In the past four days alone since some airlines switched over to alco sensor-IV, we have caught four high pilots. A pilot caught on Friday is a very senior person. He's a training captain in Air India and also a flight operations inspector with DGCA. His licence has been suspended for two months,\" said sources.When contacted, DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan said, \"We are going to increase surprise checks and take strictest possible action.\" Clearly this would spell trouble for tipsy pilots as aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi, in his earlier avatar as DGCA head, had made punishment against drunken flying very strict. Zaidi had made changes that any pilot caught drunk more than once would lose his licence. Also, the DGCA last year was given powers to file criminal complaints against erring pilots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11753221", "title": "IBM new CEO Rometty's salary almost doubles", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp (IBM) almost doubled the salary of Virginia \"Ginni\" Rometty after promoting her as the chief executive officer of the world's largest computer-services provider at the start of the year.Rometty, 54, will receive a salary of $1.5 million this year, up from $800,000 last year, the Armonk, New York-based company said today in a regulatory filing. Her cash-incentive target for 2012 is $3.5 million, compared with $1.47 million she received for 2011.Rometty become the first female CEO in the company's 100-year history. She inherits a five-year plan that includes boosting software to half of IBM's earnings, with a focus on programs that help businesses analyze and project trends, as well as on cloud computing and emerging markets.Rometty's predecessor, Samuel Palmisano, got a bonus of $6.5 million for 2011, IBM said.IBM rose 1.1 per cent to $193.64 at the close in New York . The shares reached a record in 2011 and advanced 25 per cent for the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747197", "title": "Situation remains tense in jail; prisoners tear clothes of guard", "text": "VARANASI: The atmosphere at the Central Jail remained tense as the staff and officials adopted a warpath to protest the action initiated against the senior jail superintendent (SJS) after February 1 violent incidents inside the prison. After an incident of tearing of clothes of a prison guard on Friday after, the jail staff took out a procession and indulged in slogan shouting. Keeping it in view, police force was called in the evening.It may be recalled that on February 1, the prisoners of circle one of the Central Jail held SJS SK Pandey captive for over one hour and also attacked a doctor and prison guards by indulging in brick batting. The situation inside the Central Jail had gone out of control. The jail guards had to open fire in air to control the situation. The situation normalized when district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar entered the jail with heavy police force. After the incident, Pandey was stripped of his powers. A report was sent to state government for the transfer of SJS. On Thursday, DIG Jail VK Jain visited the jail to probe into the matter. After it an FIR against prisoners, who held the SJS captive and attacked the doctor and other staff, was lodged.The situation worsened on Friday when the prisoners misbehaved the jail staff, when they visited in circles. A doctor of jail hospital Manoj Kumar said that he and paramedical staff avoid visiting circles to handle the ailing prisoners. The jail staff went on rampage when some prisoners torn the clothes of prison guard and misbehaved him when he entered a circle on Friday afternoon.The jail officials and staff came out of the jail and indulged in slogan shouting. The demanded stern action against the guilty prisoners to maintain discipline inside the jail and also to withdraw action initiated against the SJS. They warned to boycott the works from February 6. In view of the incidents going on in the jail, police force was summoned. The situation was tense till late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752507", "title": "Raima Sen is priceless", "text": "Imagine an actor doing a full-length role in a flick without charging a penny!That's what Raima Sen has done for Subrata Sen's \" Koyekti Meyer Golpo\".Raima plays a small-town girl, who comes to Kolkata from North Bengal with a job in hand. But not only is she left in the lurch by her fraudulent bosses, Raima also faces sexual assault.Ask the director what made Raima do the film without money and Subrata says, \"Raima hasn't charged any money. There's no exact reason why, but yes, we've always shared a great rapport.\"In fact, the actor insisted that her name feature as a guest appearance in the credit lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748118", "title": "Agency set up to license catering vans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accepting the plea of catering van owners in the city, the Delhi high court on Friday set up a nodal agency and directed it to draft a policy for granting licence and parking place for them.Justice Hima Kohli, in an order, said the nodal agency will comprise MCD commissioner, DDA vice-chairman, NDMC chairman and the police commissioner and they will draft the policy within a month so that van owners are not harassed from carrying out their profession peacefully.The court asked the agency to file the draft policy before it by March 22, the next date of hearing. Earlier, the court had summoned joint commissioner traffic and sought an explanation over the confusion in granting licence and parking space for catering vans in the city. HC wanted to know if catering van owners needed an NOC from civic agencies, once they obtain clearance from the traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749804", "title": "EC hears Khurshid and BJP for his minority quota remarks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law Minister Salman Khurshid on Friday told the Election Commission that his remarks promising job quota for minorities was made as a Congress leader and not as a Union law minister or minorities minister.Appearing on his behalf, senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi told a full bench of the EC that Khurshid had only reiterated the Congress's stand on the issue of minority quota. His remark reflected what has appeared consistently in Congress manifestoes in 2002 and 2007 in UP polls and in 2009 during the general elections.Singhvi also said that Khurshid had not referred to any specific minority community. He had only reaffirmed a government policy.Chief Election Commissioner S Y Qureishi had earlier told TOI that, \"We will take a decision after due process of law.\"The EC sent a showcause notice to Khurshid on January 10 for promising 9% reservation for minorities within the existing 27% OBC reservation if it was voted to power in UP. He made the remark during an election campaign for his wife Louise Khurshid in UP's Farrukhabad.The Commission served the notice after BJP complained alleging Khurshid violated the model code of conduct by making these promises to woo minority voters.Khurshid had replied to EC requesting a personal hearing. The first hearing was held on January 20, and the second one on Friday.Senior advocate and BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad represented the BJP at the hearing that lasted for about an hour and a half. \"Such promises are against the legality, propriety and constitutionality of the election model of conduct which is meant to give a level playing field to all candidates,\" he said. He cited past instances where the EC restrained the government from implementing decisions after the model of code of conduct was enforced.In 2004, the EC had rapped the UPA-I for setting up a national commission for welfare of backwards among religious and linguistic minorities. In a communication to the cabinet secretary, the EC said the announcement was akin to \"influencing sections of the electorate\" since Maharashtra and Arunachal Pradesh were going to polls.\"Khurshid's remarks are all the more relevant because he is a law and minorities affairs minister,\" Prasad added.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749781", "title": "Mahagenco moves HC over WCL coal supply", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited (Mahagenco) has moved the judiciary challenging a lower court's order of January 6 directing it to lift 2.15 Metric Tonnes (MT) coal from Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) mines to transport it to a nearby thermal power station.According to the petitioner, WCL had expertise in this task and it was an important part of fuel supply agreement between the two entities. Terming the lower court order as \"impractical\", the generation company contended that it ignored the coal transportation practice including difficulty in transporting coal from pit head to the railway siding.In their appeal filed under Section 37 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, Mahagenco argued that it had already obtained consent of former Chief Justice of India VN Khare to act as arbitrator while WCL had failed to do so. The generation company has prayed for modification of lower court order and also a direction to the coal company to transport the same from their mines to railway siding.The petitioner had accused WCL of misusing its position to deny legitimate supply of coal to its thermal power station , leading to load-shedding in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11749957", "title": "Toilet texting on the rise, says study", "text": "LONDON: Believe it or not , three quarters of Britons respond to mobiles while answering nature's call .This inference can be drawn from a study in Britain which has revealed that these people have texted , emailed , played with applications or used the internet - all while sitting on the loo.In the study , based on a survey of mobile phone habits , about 75% admitted to surfing the web, using applications , emailing and texting while in the toilet - with more than 90 % saying they returned calls . The research , which polled 1,000 people , also revealed that cubicle activities would be determined by the type of Smartphone you owned .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11755331", "title": "2G scam: Chidambaram did not indulge in any criminal conspiracy: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a huge relief to home minister P Chidambaram and to the UPA government, a Delhi court on Saturday threw out a plea to make him an accused in the 2G case holding that he did not indulge in any criminal conspiracy or derived any pecuniary advantage in the decisions taken with former telecom minister A Raja.Giving a clean chit to the finance minister at the time of controversial allocation of 2G spectrum in 2008, Special CBI Judge O P Saini, said Chidambaram was party to only two decisions--keeping spectrum prices at 2001 level and dilution of equity by two companies--which \"are not per se criminal\".Apart from being a matter of relief personally for Chidambaram, today's verdict is also the first good tidings for the UPA Government that has been battered by a series of judicial pronouncements in the recent days in the 2G and other issues.The Special Court said that in the absence of any other incriminating act on his (Chidambaram) part, it cannot be said that he was acting in pursuit of the criminal conspiracy.\"There is no evidence on record that he was acting in pursuit of the criminal conspiracy, while being party to the two decisions regarding non-revision of the spectrum pricing and dilution of equity by the two companies.\"Accordingly, I do not find any sufficient ground for proceeding against P Chidambaram. The plea is without any merit and the same is dismissed,\" the judge said in his 64-page order rejecting the private criminal complaint filed by Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753716", "title": "Times 50 Most Desirable Women of 2011 : The Winners", "text": "They made us smile, they made us grimace, they wooed cine-goers to the movie theatres, they stood tall at international beauty pageants, they even shocked us with their boldness-quotient...these 50 gorgeous ladies in the pecking order impacted common psyche like none other and tipped the desirability quotient in their favour!As the voting on itimes.com closes with 3.74 votes, we bring you the Times 50 Most Desirable Women 2011 -who wove great success stories.Top 50 Desirable Women of 20111. Kareena Kapoor ( Video )11. ChitrangdaSingh ( Video )21. SunnyLeone ( Video )31. Lisa Haydon ( Video )41. Candice Boucher ( Video )2. Katrina Kaif ( Video )12. GeneliaD'souza ( Video )22. Sonakshi Sinha ( Video )32. Prachi Desai ( Video )42. Nicole Faria ( Video )3. Deepika Padukone ( Video )13. Bipasha Basu ( Video )23. Amrita Rao ( Video )33. Angela Jonsson ( Video )43. Freida Pinto ( Video )4. Priyanka Chopra ( Video )14. Sonam Kapoor ( Video )24. Bruna Abdulla ( Video )34. Mallika Sherawat ( Video )44. Shonali Nagrani ( Video )5. Anushka Sharma ( Video )15. Shriya Saran ( Video )25. Dia Mirza ( Video )35. Aditi Rao Hydari ( Video )45. Kanishtha Dhankar ( Video )6. Vidya Balan ( Video )16. Shruti Haasan ( Video )26. Neha Sharma ( Video )36. Poonam Pandey ( Video )46. Jyothsna Chakravathy ( Video )7. Jacqueline Fernandez ( Video )17. Asin Thottumkal ( Video )27. Sushmita Sen ( Video )37. Shazahn Padamsee ( Video )47. Ameesha Patel ( Video )8. Nargis Fakhri ( Video )18. Amy Jackson ( Video )28. Malaika Arora Khan ( Video )38. Sonal Chauhan ( Video )48. Simran Kaur Mundi ( Video )9. Kangana Ranaut ( Video )19. Trisha Krishnan ( Video )29. Sameera Reddy ( Video )39. Giselli Monteiro ( Video )49. Hasleen Kaur ( Video )10. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan ( Video )20. Ileana D'cruz ( Video )30. Ankita Shorey ( Video )40. Parvati Melton ( Video )50. Preeti Desai ( Video ).TOP 10 MOST DESIRABLE WOMENThe year has shown that one's desire can truly be a most fickle mistress. Get ready for heady surprises, a few regulars and then some more...1)Kareena Kapoor Who: Actress Claim to fame: Her popularity was sky high after Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, not only in India but in abroad too. In her other movies like Chameli, Jab We Met, Tashan, Kambakkht Ishq and Bodyguard her sensuality and innate talent came to light. She has worked with all the biggies of B-town and is soon slated to become part of royalty through marriage with Saif Ali Khan of the Pataudi family. Relationship Status: Dating Saif Ali Khan. DQ: Her upcoming movie 'Agent Vinod' with beau Saif Ali Khan has already become the talk of the town. However, her lips and eyes are the most admired features by her friends and fans alike. Fun Fact: Though she is outspoken, bold and beautiful yet she is erratic in relationship.2) Katrina Kaif Who: Actress Claim to Fame: She had a good year, beginning with the hit \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\", where she played a gorgeous go-getter opposite Hrithik Roshan's surly-burly executive, an item number in \"Bodyguard\" and lastly, as the tomboyish bride in \"Mere Brother Ki Dulhan\". Relationship Status: Rumoured to be seeing Ranbir Kapoor again. Desirability Quotient: Last year's queen of desire had to give up her crown and sceptre to make way for Bebo. Does that make her any less desirable? Our voters seem to think so. Fun fact: Personal life rocking now that she's back with Ranbir Kapoor. Professionally things can't get better. She has films opposite Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan. Watch out competition. And she is Aditya Chopra's current muse! Some girls DO have it all.3)Deepika Padukone Who: Actress Claim To Fame: The former model stuck to roles that required her to ooze glamour and dollops of oomph (\"Desi Boyz\") and perform (\"Aarakshan\"). And who can forget that sexy item number in \"Dum Maaro Dum\". Relationship Status: Single. DQ: Our voters' thoughts? Her playing it safe paid off, she moved up one spot on the list. fun fact: She's freshly single and will soon act with ex-beau Ranbir Kapoor.4)Priyanka Chopra Who: Actress Claim To Fame: With performance-driven roles in \"7 Khoon Maaf\" and \"Don-2\", she stayed in the public eye. Was also a regular at several high-profile star parties. She also announced her friendship with Lady Gaga, her intention to turn singer and an international album in the offing. Relationship Status: Single. Currently mingling with one Shah Rukh Khan. DQ: She switched spots with Deepika. What led to the slip? We're guessing the voters don't find aspiring 'singers' too desirable... Fun fact: Right now, she is banned from the Mannat guestlist. Maybe signing \"Don 3\" will put a smile on her face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11750449", "title": "Heroin-stuffed body: Identity of woman remains a mystery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The identity of the woman from whose body had a contraband of heroin was found last year continues to remain a mystery. The delayed submission of forensic report has led to a blame game between the police department and the forensic scientific laboratory (FSL) Madhuban, Karnal.The entire episode took another interesting turn on Friday, as Sonipat superintendent of police (SP) K K Rao categorically denied that the deceased was a carrier and had links with drug peddlers. \"There seems to be a communication gap somewhere. The victim had taken an overdose of contraband and hence consumed the packets as well. The cause of death is confirmed -- due to an overdose of drugs. As for the delay, since reports have to come from various wings like, chemical examinations and narcotics among others, hence it is generally delayed,'' Rao said.When contacted, FSL Madhuban director Dr S K Sangwan insisted that all the reports were sent within a month of receipt of samples by the investigating officer concerned. \"We can tell you about the exact dateline after checking the case files. Otherwise, our lab had sent all the reports well in time, that too after carrying out tests from various wings here,'' Sangwan claimed.Once the tests are conducted, the police district concerned is informed either through wide area network (WAN), a network of police department for communication, or through dak, the FSL director added.Meanwhile, additional director general of police (ADGP), law and order, B S Sandhu expressed his inability to comment over the delay. \"Sending and collection of viscera reports is the responsibility of investigating officer. Let the Sonipat SP probe the entire sequence of events in this case,'' he said.The incident dates back to October 2010, when police recovered an unidentified body from the jurisdiction of Gannaur police station of Sonipat district. In a report submitted to police on May 21, 2011, the FSL had confirmed the death due to overdose of heroin as the two of the around 50 packets stuffed in the body were found torn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11749466", "title": "Jail for Maya, MSY if BJP comes to power: Rajnath", "text": "BAHRAICH: The Bharatiya Janata Party leader Rajnath Singh on Friday said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should resign on moral grounds following the Supreme Court verdict on the 2G spectrum scam. Singh addressed the public meetings in the three assembly constituencies of the district.The BJP leader said the Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party are the party of castes. Rajnath said if the BJP comes to power, then Mayawati and Mulayam would land in jail.Rajnath Singh addressed the public at Mehsi assembly seat in support of party candidate Sureshwar Singh, at Balha(R) in support of Savitri Bai Phoole and at Kaiserganj in support of Mukut Bihari Verma. He said SP and BSP are supporting the Congress as they are involved in corruption and do not want the CBI to take action against them.On the induction of Babu Singh Kushwaha into BJP, Rajnath said he former had resigned from the party following the start of the CBI investigation. He said if BJP forms the government in UP, the BJP would provide a laptop to all 10+2 passouts and bicycles to all girls. He added that the party would waive off the loans of farmers up to Rs 1 lakh and provide them loans at 1% interest.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748731", "title": "City just needs to emulate Gangtok model", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The proposal of Chandigarh police permitting registration of new vehicles only to those having enough parking space, can be easily based on the Gangtok model that has successfully executed similar rules to fight traffic congestion through \"get a garage before wheels\" concept. This was introduced in July 2010 to downsize the mounting pressure of private vehicles in Gangtok city.TOI had reviewed the Gangtok model in these columns in January 2011.According to rules notified in Sikkim in July 2010, it is mandatory for buyers of new vehicle to produce a certificate proving availability of parking space before they can get their vehicles registered.The in charge of traffic wing of Gangtok has been mandated to issue certificates after physical verification of parking space of buyers. Physical verification of the site is done by motor vehicle inspector of the area. The registration certificate is issued only after clearance certificate along with the rough map of the site from the traffic wing that the owner has sufficient place to park the said vehicle in his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "11750019", "title": "Three bird species found in Mayurbhanj", "text": "BARIPADA: Three species of birds were sighted for the first time in this part of the country. These are the wooly-necked storks, ferruginous duck, and the grey-headed lapwing, said Anup Kumar Nayak, regional chief conservator of forests (Baripada region)-cum-field director of Simlipal tiger reserve.The ferruginous duck and the grey-headed lapwing were sighted at the Badjore reservoir while the wooly-necked stork was seen at the Jambhira reservoir during the first two-day waterfowl census conducted by four scientific teams on January19 and 20, Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748516", "title": "Now, a herbal panacea for all liver ailments", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Tropical Botanical Garden Research Institute (TBGRI), in collaboration with Oushadi, is developing a unique herbal tonic for liver protection.The product, code named TBGO, is being developed from three herbaceous plants, and is expected to be a panacea for all liver ailments. (Herbaceous plants are plants that die out completely at the end of the growing season or when they have flowered and fruited. They grow again from the seed.)The TBGRI has entered into an agreement with Oushadi for conducting a three-phase clinical trial of the drug. The initial trials on animals were successful.\"It's a tonic in granular form, and prepared from three plants. The name of the plants will remain a trade secret till patent is obtained,\" TBGRI director Dr Latha P G told TOI on Thursday.Two of the plants are from the Acanthaceae and Cannabaceae families; the third is a bio-enhancer like the popular Thippali. \"Once the clinical trials are completed, we will go for a joint patent,\" Dr Latha said.Oushadi also plans to conduct clinical trials of the product on willing liver patients for a year before launching it commercially. Initially, the company will cultivate the three plants in its five-acre plot in Thrissur, and then go in for massive cultivation.\"Once phase 2 and 3 clinical trials are completed, the utility value of the medicine can be ascertained,\" said Dr Sheela K, special officer, Research and Development, Oushadi. From the results on trials on animals, it is clear that the tonic can be administered as a medicine for patients with history of jaundice, hepatitis and in early stages of liver cirrhosis. It can also be used as an anti-dote for alcohol-related blackouts, she said.However, the herbal medicine will be released for public consumption only after all the trials are completed, Dr Sheela said, adding that the trials would be based on WHO standards and Indian Systems of Medicine's AYUSH special protocol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748390", "title": "'Scrap market is a cause for concern'", "text": "NASHIK: It is hard to believe that areas like Kewal Park, Bhangar Market and Chunchale Shivar are a part of Nashik City because of the dusty roads, unplanned residential buildings, missing streetlights, and heaps of uncleared garbage in the areas. Apart from this, shanties and scrap godowns are lined up along the Satpur-Ambad Link Road.While some people blame this on the proximity of the locality with rural areas, where huge chunks of land are still under green cover, many attribute the state of this area to the presence of the scrap market there.The scrap market, which is spread over about 100 acres at Chunchale Shivar on the Link Road, has been a controversial issue for the past two decades. Despite various agitations, the issue remains unsolved.According to reports, a few political parties had raised the issue of the illegal scrap market in the residential zone in 1992, when there were about 60 to 65 scrap shops. But with no action taken either by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) or the police, the scrap market has only grown, with over 520 scrap dealers operating from there currently.The civic administration, meanwhile, has not taken any action regarding the issue. Though the land is owned by scrap dealers, many allege that the scrap market in the residential area is illegal. They say that a number of illegal activities also take place in the scrap market. A couple of months back, a youth was found murdered there. While searching for criminals, cops in the area often head to the scrap market first to undertake a combing operation.Many people allege that the place has become a haven for criminals and the market has become an obstruction in the development of the area.Local resident Nitin Shinde said, \"While there are talks that the market will be removed soon, for the past many years we have been affected by the pollution caused due to the scrap market. During the night, scrap dealers burn tyres and copper wires, dig pits and dump paints and oil in them. A large number of residents are waiting for the day when the scrap market will be finally removed from the area.\"Shopkeeper Krushna Jazap said, \"While the scrap market is one areas of concern on the Ambad-Satpur Link Road, residents of Keval Park say that water supply too is a major concern. We have to wake up early in the morning to get water supply, that too with very less pressure. Then there are issues like streetlights. Thefts and robberies take place often, yet no attention is paid to streetlights. There is one garden in our area and a year and a half back a decision was taken for the construction of a temple there, but nothing has been done as yet.\"Locals living near the Ambad-Satpur Link Road say that they badly need a bus service from the area. A few days back, an application with the signatures of over 150 residents was given to the concerned authorities to start a bus service. However, nothing has been done in this regard. In Azad Nagar, the civic administration has not laid a sewage line.\"Even when people visit us, they have to travel across the entire Satpur-Ambad Link Road to reach our place. Finding the correct address is difficult in our area,\" said housewife Sushma Marathe. Corporator Dileep Datir of the area says that he has been fighting for the removal of the scrap market from a very long time.\"Once the market is removed, proper development of the area can take place Today, property rates have increased to such an extent that once the scrap market is removed, even middle-income group families won't be able to afford houses in this area. It is only because of the scrap market that thefts have increased on a large scale. Petty thieves steal things from the vicinity and the industrial areas and then sell it here. Once the scrap market is removed, changes will be evident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11750542", "title": "\u2018We will go ahead with our rally\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray has threatened to go ahead with a poll rally at Shivaji Park on February 13 despite the Bombay High Court turning down his party's application for the same.With the BMC elections round the corner, political parties are keen on a show of strength at the iconic Shivaji Park, but the area has been declared a silence zone and public rallies at the venue require the high court's permission.\"Never mind the high court's ruling, we will go ahead with our rally. We will hold it on the road near Shivaji Park. We are willing to face the consequences. Let them file cases against me and my party workers,'' Thackeray told mediapersons soon after the high court ruling.\"In a democracy, holding public meetings is the right of every individual, every grouppolitical , social and cultural. Rallies and meetings are a part of the electoral process. If the high court doesn't want us to hold public rallies at Shivaji Park, Azad maidan and Girgaum Chowpatty, then it must suggest a suitable venue,'' Thackeray said.He expressed surprise that the court had granted permission to the Shiv Sena's annual Dussera rally at the park in 2011 even though that party had violated decibel norms a year ago.Questioning the state home department's backing for the Sena's application in the high court, he said, \"It is strange that the Bombay high court entirely depends on the home department's recommendations while giving its ruling on Shivaji Park. In the Sena's case, the high court's ruling depended on the home department's affidavit. Today , the home department said it was not in favour of the MNS holding a rally on Shivaji Park and the high court accepted the government's viewpoint. I believe courts in this country are autonomous and f ree. They are not supposed to pay heed to the state government's promptings.''Hinting that the home department favours the Sena due to NCP chief Sharad Pawar's friendship with Sena chief Bal Thackeray, he said the home department backed the Sena's Dassera rally in the high court as Pawar asked R R Patil to go soft on the Sena.However, Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, \"The Sena's annual Dussera rally is part of Mumbai's cultural calendar. Its significance cannot be compared with rallies held by other political groups.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750512", "title": "Farmers felicitated for bumper paddy harvest", "text": "RANCHI: Madan Yadav of Kuralu village under Burhmu block of Ranchi district could have never imagined visiting a five star hotel for lunch but this dream became a reality on Friday because of the bumper paddy harvest he had reaped. He got a bounty of 82.5 quintals per hectare using a hybrid variety of seed as against the standard production of 40 quintals per hectare. He was almost on a par with farmers from Patratu and Karra blocks of Ramgarh and Khunti district who were successful in creating a record by obtaining 87.59 quintals per hectare.As many as 15 farmers from 15 different districts were selected by Pioneer, the seed company, for the lunch and felicitation. Secretary of agriculture, A K Singh, honoured the farmers not just for obtaining a record harvest but also for the daring act of deviating from traditional farming. \"Government agencies have always found it difficult to convince farmers to adopt techniques and seeds but once they do they set an example,\" he said.Addressing farmers, director extension programme at Birsa Agriculture University, R P Singh 'Ratan' said that food security is a major concern of the government because there is an urgent need to upscale production. \"When our farmlands and fertility are limited we have no other option but to improve the crop variety to increase production,\" he said.Stressing on the system of rice intensification and use of hybrid seeds to increase productivity, he said farmers must be encouraged to bargain. \"We are surprised that farmers are the only communities who despite being producers have to look up o the government for fixation of the minimum support price,\" he said.Talking to TOI, a senior scientist at the International Rice Research Institute, B N Singh, said the hybrid variety of rice PHB71 used by the farmers in Jharkhand has substantially increased their yield. \"Production does not depend upon the quality of seed alone, it is also governed by soil and climatic conditions and timely management of the activities,\" he said.\"If the hybrid rice is planted through the SRI technique, the production can go up to as high as 100 quintal per hectare,\" he said. Singh stressed that the soil and climatic condition in Jharkhand is most suited for hybrid varieties of rice. If the drought-resistant variety is experimented, it is bound to give a good harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11749359", "title": "Inter-dist gang involved in bank dacoity busted; 4 held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a major breakthrough, sleuths of special task force (STF ) on Friday claimed to have busted an inter-state gang involved in bank dacoity and arrested four key operators including the kingpin near Mal Godown Colony, Shahganj. The STF has also recovered one 0.32 bore pistol along with live cartridges and an SUV from their possession.SSP, STF, Vijay Prakash told TOI that four persons of a gang, allegedly involved in looting several banks, were arrested from Shahganj area when they were plotting a crime. He added that a team of STF personnel after acting on a tip off, had arrested Kaushlesh Tiwari of Lalapur (Allahabad), Yogendra Kumar alias Sonu of Kaushambi, Dayakant Mishra of Lalapur and Sanjay Kol of Madhya Pradesh.SSP added that the kingpin of the gang Kaushlesh Tiwari was a sacked PAC personnel and he was wanted by police in connection with over 20 criminal cases. The police have also recovered fake identity cards from their possession. He also maintained that the gang had executed bank robberies and dacoity in Agra, Kanpur, Allahabaad, Fatehpur and Lucknow.STF officials added that the gang admitted to have executed a number of crimes in Chhatisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747769", "title": "Real estate agent held, revolver seized", "text": "PUNE: A real estate agent, Uttam alias Satish Kashinath More (34) of Panshet was arrested by the Pune police for allegedly possessing a revolver, on Thursday evening.More had earlier been arrested by the Mumbai police for allegedly making a murderous assault on Bollywood actor/director Rakesh Roshan in 2000.A magisterial court on Friday sent More to police custody till February 6.A police team, led by inspector Suresh Kekane of the crime branch (unit II), arrested More near a hotel in Jedhe Chowk at about 5.45 pm, following a tip off. The team recovered a country-made revolver from him.A complaint of possessing firearms and violating prohibitory orders has been registered against More under the relevant sections of the Arms Act and Bombay Police Act.Kekane told TOI that the Santa Cruz police had arrested More on charges of making a murderous assault on Roshan in 2000. He was later released on bail.Kekane said that More later shifted to Pune and started dealing in land near Panshet. He stays with his wife and children, but nothing was found at his residence when searches were conducted, Kekane added.During interrogation, More has claimed that one Nasim Shaikh of Uttar Pradesh had supplied him the weapon.Sub-inspector R D Sonawane produced the suspect, More, before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More, seeking police custody.Assistant public prosecutor Madhav Poul told the court that custodial interrogation of More was essential to find out the source of the weapon, whether the suspect possessed more such weapons, and who his associates were.Poul pleaded that sufficient time be given to the police to find out if More had used the weapon to commit any crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747819", "title": "Times 'Homes for All' Property Expo begins", "text": "PUNE: The two-day Times 'Homes for All' Property Expo will start on Saturday at Hotel Pride in Shivajinagar. It will showcase projects from across Pune offering 'maximum value' for the home buyers.The Times 'Homes for All' Property Expo is a one-stop-shop for housing requirements with a special focus on affordable housing and budget homes. The expo has been conceptualised with the aim of providing a platform for property buyers to interact with builders and developers in the city having projects catering to the middle and upper middle class.With more than 40 top builders showcasing more than 200 projects, the exhibition will be an opportunity for property buyers to zero in on their dream home from the affordable projects being displayed over the entire city.The exhibition will remain open from 10.30 am to 7.30 pm on both Saturday and Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752404", "title": "Anoushka Shankar's concert called off", "text": "Anoushka Shankar's Kolkata concert has been cancelled.The reasons given is that some of her Spanish musicians have suddenly taken ill.Says a source, \"Excessive travel and changing climatic conditions have had a toll on the Spanish musicians. They are unwell and hence, the show had to be called off at the lastminute. Anoushka was supposed to come down a day before the concert. But she didn't make it to the city.\"Says Tanmoy Bose, who was supposed to accompany Anoushka for her Kolkata show, \"We performed in Guwahati on Thursday. But two of our musicians fell ill and we can't have a programme without them. It's our bad luck that we had to skip the Kolkata leg of the \"Traveller\" show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749802", "title": "State Board declares examination centres", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has announced the examination centres for HSC and SSC exams. The board exams start on February 21 (HSC) and March 1 (SSC). This time, there is an increase in the number of HSC centres but a decrease in the number of SSC centres in the division compared to last year.Twelve centres have been added for Std XII exams while one has been closed down thus taking total to 383 from 372 last year. A dozen Std X exam centres have been closed and some new ones opened. So there will be 648 this year, down from 652 last year.According to the board officials, this has been done keeping in mind the number of candidates present in various districts. \"At many places the number of students was very low. We shut down such centres. Similarly, we opened new centres at places where candidates were more,\" said divisional secretary of Maharashtra board Anil Pardhi. Previously, 20 centres were shut in districts such as Gondia, Bhandara and last year around 12 were shut for the same reason.Among HSC centres, one has been shut down in Bhandara and four have been opened in its place in the same district. Also, three centres have been introduced in Nagpur, two in Gadchiroli while one each in Chandrapur, Wardha and Gondia. On the other hand, five SSC centres have been closed down in Bhandara, four in Nagpur, two in Wardha while one in Chandrapur.The timetable for board exams was declared a year earlier under the new policy by state government. This was to help students be prepared and also help administration chalk out logistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749813", "title": "Slaughter in flat gets neighbours' goat", "text": "NAGPUR: Fracas over sacrificing a goat in residential premises ended in the poor animal dying after falling from the third floor of Jaika apartments in Civil Lines on Friday morning. There is dispute about whether the goat fell or was intentionally thrown off the terrace.Gopal Swami, head of the Swami family and a tenant, denied the goat was thrown off the terrace. \"It happened accidentally as the goat jumped over the parapet before it could be sacrificed to the deity, a ritual conducted after the marriage ceremony,\" Swami said.Swami's son Harshawardhan got married on January 30. According to family, they have a custom of sacrificing a goat at the time of removing the marriage pandal. The animal was brought for that purpose. However, as other occupants of building objected, it led to a fracas and matter landed with with police.Dr Milind Ganvir, health officer of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), said rules prohibited slaughter of goats anywhere except at NMC slaughterhouses. \"Such practice is illegal and punishable under the law,\" he added.Complainant Shakti Rattan, a first floor resident of the Jaika Apartment, claimed it was a clear case of cruelty to animal. Narrating the incident, he heard bleating of a goat when he was having breakfast around 10.45 am. \"When I looked out, I was shocked to see a goat hanging from the terrace. I rushed only to find that a butcher was cutting the rope tied to the animal in presence of Swami's relatives. I requested them to stop but he didn't. The goat fell on the car shed and bounced on the ground,\" said Rattan.Rattan said before the residents could raise an alarm, the butcher ran down and slit the throat of the goat and dumped it in a plastic gunny bag before fleeing in a car driven by Swami's kin. All this happened so fast that residents could not react.A stunned Rattan, along with his daughter Kavita Rattan, who is founder of environment protection NGO Green Vigil, later registered a complaint with Sadar police station. However, the Swamis, along with over 25 relatives and friends admitted their mistake and persuaded the Rattans to withdraw their complaint.People for Animals (PFA) activisit Karishma Galani, who was also informed, however, filed a complaint against the Swamis. Sadar police registered an FIR under Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960.and section 429 of the IPC. It carries provision of 3 to 5 years imprisonment and penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11747895", "title": "Relief in Noida as banks open on SC order", "text": "NOIDA: A temporary relief was given to more than one lakh bank customers on Friday morning as the Noida Authority officials de-sealed the eleven properties, including eight banks, it had sealed on February 1. The de-sealing was done at sector 19 following a Supreme Court order which stayed the sealing process for six weeks effective January 23. Authority officials said that if, by then, all \"illegal\" banks have not moved out of the residential plots, it will resume sealing from March 5.Even as banks say that six weeks are not enough to shift their premises, the Authority has warned of putting an end to all unauthorized commercial establishments operating out of non-conforming areas. Allottees have also been warned to get their premises vacated and bring them to the defined land-use or face cancellation of their lease deeds.The Authority is, however, yet to decide on sealing other illegal commercial establishments running from residential, industrial and institutional areas or give them the six-week breather. \"We have not yet received a certified copy of the SC order of February 2. On receipt, our legal counsel will go through it in detail to chart out our next step,\" said Capt SK Dwivedi, CEO of Noida Authority. \"We need to figure out if the order applies only to banks or to all commercial establishments. Till then, all sealing activity will remain suspended,\" he added.The sealing drive, even though it lasted just a day, created ripples among the city residents. It is estimated that cash worth Rs 20 crore was stuck in the chests of the sealed banks and as many as 5,000 cheques remained unprocessed. Uncertainty and apprehension about the fate of their bank accounts and lockers had residents up in arms even as the several sealed banks tried their best to assuage their fears.According to estimates, once the sealing drive resumes, it will affect nearly 12 lakh bank account holders and 90,000 locker holders of 104 banks running from non-conforming premises. The drive will also affect more than 50,000 nursing homes, 250 showrooms and thousands of other units across the city. With the Authority remaining uncertain about their stance on dealing with the scores of other unauthorized units, many such establishments are wondering about their next move.\"I have no place to shift the children from my play school,\" said Namita Bagla of Shemrock in sector 19, which was sealed by the Authority and then de-sealed. \"It is too expensive to move to commercial areas in Noida and also inconvenient for parents to send their young children to far off schools,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11749526", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya fake degree scam\u2019s foreign connection exposed, kingpin held", "text": "INDORE: The Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) fake marksheet and degree scam exposed an international connection with the arrest of the proprietor of a city-based coaching institute, Mukesh Verma, running Bright Careers Coaching Institute here, is said to be the alleged kingpin of the racket.The city police on Friday claimed to have arrested Verma, from the institute on the Sapna-Sangita road and identified two of his accomplices, who are reportedly absconding.Investigations have revealed that Verma had allegedly been running the racket since 2006 and sold thousands of fake academic certificates to people across the country and even abroad. Names of two UK-based persons, who have allegedly procured the fake certificates from the accused, have also come up during the investigation. Unconfirmed reports said that some non-resident Indians were also reportedly the clients of the racket, which police refused to comment.Choti Gwaltoli inspector Anil Singh Rathore said that Verma is expected to reveal the modus operandi of the racket and also the names of the beneficiaries.Rathore said that the accused were allegedly procuring certificates from the university in connivance of the university staff. However, the police could not collect any evidence to establish the involvement of the DAVV employees vis-a-vis the case and investigations are on in this direction, he added.The racket was busted by the police on January 27 with the arrest of three persons in Indore on a tip-off. They recovered hundreds of blank marksheets from the trio identified as Vikram, Krishnakant and Dewan Narendra Singh from the city. They reportedly told the police that these certificates were printed with fudged marks and given to the 'needy'.According to Rathore, people in India and abroad received the fake marksheets and degrees. He claimed that the cops received a tip-off about two persons from the UK to have contacted Verma for obtaining the fake certificates in which one set has already been delivered while the second set was seized by the police soon after the arrest.Police have learnt that the accused used to charge somewhere between Rs 50,000 and Rs 80,000 to provide fake marksheets and certificates.The inspector said that the racketeers were preparing these academic certificates after getting orders on their cell phones and through letters. The cops are planning to investigate the bank accounts of the accused, mobile numbers and also people to whom the fake certificates have been provided.The seized fake marksheets and degree certificates were sent to the DAVV for verification. Police have confiscated more than a dozen marksheets, migration certificates, around 100 photographs of the candidates on suspicion.Unconfirmed reports said that even some non-resident Indians were reportedly the clients of the racket. However, senior officials refused to comment over the issue. DSP, crime, Jitendra Singh said that the university confirmed that the certificates were forged. He also said that police were trying to dig deep into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11749195", "title": "6 students hurt during tourney clash", "text": "PANCHKULA: About six students were injured during Panchayati Raj sports tournament at Sports Complex, Sector 3, after a scuffle broke out among participants and hostel boys on Thursday. As the former alleged that the latter were allowed to participate in the contest without being registered, \"hostel boys thrashed them with swords and hockey sticks\". The injured were taken to General Hospital, Sector 6.A participant, Randhir Singh , said, \"Around 12.30pm, when a race competition was going on, some hostellers of the complex were allowed to participate without getting registered. When we resented and complained to the authorities, a few of them called their friends and about 24 of them thrashed us with swords and hockey sticks.\"The situation got under control after the police reached the spot. A case has been registered at Sector 5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kannauj", "code": "11750710", "title": "A Kurukshetra in making in Kannauj", "text": "KANNAUJ: Kannauj has been known for natural 'attar' (perfume). But as stage gets set for polling on February 18, all eyes will be on it for a different reason. This time the contest here is somewhat \"family-versus-family\". The region is all set to become a 'Kurukshetra' in the next few days with a political 'Mahabharat' being played here.While the ruling BSP has fielded Mahendra Kumar on Kannauj Sadar assembly (Reserved) seat, his wife Anita Singh is in the fray as an Independent candidate.Similarly, Congress candidate Vishram Singh Katheria, who is contesting from the same assembly segment, is opposed by his son Bhupendra Singh Katheria, who is also in the fight for the Kannauj Sadar seat as an Independent.From the newly constituted Tirwa assembly segment, Ramshanker Lodhi has been fielded by the Jankranti Party. His wife Neelam Devi is in the fray from the same seat. Similarly, BSP candidate Kailash Rajput's brother Sanjay Singh is being pitted against him as an Independent candidate.\"It's almost confusing, 'Bhaiyya' will win and `Bhabhi' will lose or `Bhabhi' will win and `Bhaiyya' will lose. It will be an interesting fight for the candidates as well voters of the area,\" a local Mahesh Singh said. However, while canvassing, Neelam Devi does not forget to remind voters that she is the `bahu' of Tirwa \"and alike your Bhaiyya will share your joys and sorrow\".\"It could be a real messy situation this time in the election. There are four such candidates, who are blood relations and are in the fray. Election of Kannauj Sadar and Tirwa assembly seats will be an interesting one,\" Manohar, a local, said.In the 2007 assembly poll, Anil Kumar of Samajwadi Party had defeated Kalyan Singh Dohre of Bahujan Samaj Party on Kannauj Sadar seat. Kannauj' Umardha seat was won by Bahujan Samaj Party's Kailash Singh Rajput, who defeated Vijay Bahadur Pal of SP. The district's Chibramau seat went to Arvind Singh of Smajwadi Party. Jai Kumar Tewari of Bahujan Samaj Party remained the runners up. Over 57 candidates are in the fray for the four assembly seats where voting is scheduled for February 18, the election office said on Friday. Scrutiny of nomination papers was completed on Thursday and candidature of only one Independent was cancelled.Withdrawal of nomination has been fixed for Saturday and the exact number of candidates who would remain in the poll fight would be known on Saturday evening if reports from concerned returning officers are received by then, the election office sources said.From Kannauj Sadar (Reserved) seat, BJP's Banwari Lal Dohre, BSP's Mahendra Kumar and Congress party's Vishram Singh Katheria have been pitted against sitting SP MLA Anil Dohre.Similarly, from newly constituted Tirwa seat after scrapping of Umardha, Congress party's Digambar Singh, BSP's Kailash Singh, BJP's Alok Verma and SP's Vijay Bahadur Pal are in the fray.Likewise, Chibramau seat would witness fight amongst BJP's Archana Pandey, BSP's Tahir Husain Siddiqui, Congress party's Chotey Singh Yadav and sitting SP MLA Arvind Singh Yadav.District Election officer/District Magistrate, Alok Tewari said, \"About 75 companies of para-military forces would be deployed, particularly at the hyper-sensitive and sensitive booths.\"SP, City Rajendra Singh, said that the paramilitary personnel would be equipped with X 95 and AK 47 Rifles to counter any illegal activity during polling.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749743", "title": "Cong asks BJP not to politicize legal matters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday chided the BJP and asked it to desist from making political capital out of legal issues, saying the opposition party failed to elicit a single word against the prime minister or the home minister's involvement in the 2G case despite its desperate efforts.A day after the Supreme Court cancelled the controversial 2G licences, Congress trained its guns on BJP for \"running a campaign from courtroom to streets\" against the PM and former finance minister P Chidambaram. \"But both the SC orders have paragraphs holding the PM not responsible directly or indirectly to the case,\" AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said, adding the same was true about Chidambaram. \"We deprecate repeated attempts by BJP to politicize the apex court order,\" he said.Singhvi called the judgment an indictment of BJP because it questioned the policy of first-come-first-served promulgated by NDA and castigated the 'sanction for prosecution' clause which the Centre had already removed in the Lokpal bill. \"But BJP opposed the Lokpal bill,\" he added.Congress continued its efforts to draw a distinction between jailed former telecom minister A Raja and the government, saying the court order proved that a policy could not be blamed for an individual's actions. \"Raja is in jail because he is accused of changing the dates thrice to favour someone,\" Singhvi said.While the judgment has laid the blame at Raja's doors, slamming him for ignoring the advice of the PM and the finance ministry, Congress exercised caution in adding caveats like \"we are not calling him guilty\" or saying \"it was for courts to decide\".The care about DMK is inspired by coalition compulsions since the Dravidian ally remains a big part of UPA and its continued support will determine if Congress can take on the volatile Trinamool Congress after the five assembly elections in March.Singhvi rebuffed queries about why Congress stuck to the FCFS policy after coming to power, saying \"you cannot be held guilty for following a policy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749815", "title": "Russian to learn wildlife mgmt in region", "text": "NAGPUR: While the forest officials here keep excusing themselves from obtaining wildlife training, Russian forest officials are coming all the way to India to learn about wildlife and its conservation in Central India.Two senior forest officers of the rank of chief conservators (CCFs) from Russia will visit Pench, Kanha, Navegaon and Nagzira between February 5 and 15, to learn about wildlife and related issues. The visit is part of the Tiger Watch Project of the Global Tiger Forum (GTF).The officers include Andrei Onishchenko, law-enforcement ranger from State Nature Reserve Kedrovaya Pad and Leopardovy Wildlife Sanctuary in Primorskiy Kray, and Vladimir Kolesnikov, chief of the fast reaction group with Lazo Nature Reserve.The officials will be accompanied by Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), which is one of the sponsors along with International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW).Bhamburkar informed the tour is part of the exchange programme of GTF, which plays a key role in terms of organizing training programmes, exchanging information and promoting cooperation between tiger range countries for evolving a harmonized approach to ensure the future of wildcats in the world.The officials will visit MP, Pench and Kanha study site specific management plans and programmes dealing with poaching problems. They will also learn patrolling methods and interact with staff.In Navegaon and Nagzira, they will learn about threats and conservation scenario there. The team will also hold talks with the conservator of forests.The basic idea of sending the Russian officers here is to motivate them for conservation and evaluate how helpful the training in India has been to the rangers and how it will be implemented back in their areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11750344", "title": "Woman pradhan nabbed taking bribe", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In another embarrassing incident, a woman pradhan was arrested in a bribery case by the district vigilance and anti-corruption bureau on Thursday. This comes close on the heels of a woman SHO from Jogindernagar police station getting arrested red-handed while taking a bribe from a party last week.Sobha Devi, pradhan of Dohb village in Shahpur block of Kangra district, was trapped by vigilance bureau on the complaint of Parveen Kumar, who is a ward member of the same village. Parveen Kumar had alleged that he had constructed drains and streets in the village. The work was worth Rs 1.27 lakh and the village pardhan had asked for Rs 5,000 for releasing the payment.He further alleged that the pradhan also threatened not to allot him another work of constructing a retaining wall, streets and drains in village, if he does not pay the demanded amount. A case under the Prevention of Corruption Act has been registered against the accused, who has been arrested.Though ward members are elected members of village panchayats, under the rules, they are allowed to work as contractors even in their respective panchayats.This is second woman to be caught on graft charges by vigilance and anti-corruption bureau in the state since last week. Earlier, a woman SHO, Shrestha Thakur, posted in Jogindernagar police station in Mandi district, was caught on graft charges, while taking a bribe of Rs 40,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11750621", "title": "\u2018Create awareness on cancer\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE:Former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde inaugurated 'Medicine update - 2012', a two-day continuing medical education programme, at Father Muller Medical College here on Friday.Justice Hegde said that there is a need for making super-speciality treatment available in rural areas too. \"There are many super-speciality hospitals in urban areas in the state, but poor villagers have no access to it. Hence, doctors must be made to serve in rural areas compulsorily,\" he suggested.Speaking about corruption in medical field, he said that many drug companies promote their research products through media, and they market those products without revealing their adverse effects. \"Doctors need to identify such products and stop prescribing them,\" he added. Tata Memorial Cancer Institute Mumbai director Anil D'Cruz, in his keynote address, said that the best medical practice is a combination of external evidence and expertise.\"Mere expertise is not sufficient for a doctor to treat patients effectively. One should also study external evidence before treating patients,\" he said. Dr D'Cruz said the number of cancer patients is expected to grow immensely in India by 2020 if measures are not adopted. \"Steps need to be taken to create awareness among rural people on the importance of hygiene and on impacts of bad habits which results in carcinoma. An average of 10-12 lakh people are added to the list of carcinoma patients every year in India,\" he pointed out. There are three major types of carcinoma which affect head and neck, breast and uterine cervix. Many type of viral infections lead to carcinoma, he said, and added that awareness should be created to reduce the number of carcinoma cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11749976", "title": "Mobile phone users caught in 2G cross-connection", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite the Supreme Court's four-month roadmap not to inconvenience existing customers of companies affected by the scrapping of 2G spectrum, over 30 lakh people using their services in the state are anxious about the fate of their phone connections.Users of six of the eight companies, whose licenses were repealed, will be hit in Odisha, sources said. These include a maximum of around 13 lakh customers of Uninor, followed by over 9 lakh each of STel and Idea (see box), who will have to switch to other service providers. While Etisalat has no customer in the state, Videocon, Loop and Sistema have negligible presence as these companies were yet to commercially launch their service fully.\"The Union government should consider the switchover, allowing mobile number portability free of cost,\" said Rajesh Tewari, an Idea user.Employees of these companies too fear losing jobs. \"If there is no business, why will they keep us? Many from our company have already looking for other jobs,\" said an employee of a private telecom operator.An estimated 30,000 people employed directly and indirectly by these companies in the state. Officials of the companies are tightlipped about the anticipated fallout. Industry insiders, however, said many of these companies may again bid for the same spectrum and retain their business, which won't affect customers and employees.According to the subscriber base, as of December 31, 2011, released by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) on January 30, the state has 2.3 crore mobile phone users, including 31 lakh of the affected operators. These subscribers may now switch to other existing players like BSNL, Airtel Bharti, Reliance Vodafone, Tata (whose Odisha business remains unaffected) and Aircel. Currently (Bharti) is the market leader in Odisha with a subscriber base of 58 lakh, followed by Reliance with a subscriber base of 47 lakh, BSNL 42 lakh, Aircel 26 lakh, Vodafone 24 lakh and Tata 23 lakh.Marker watchers predict these operators will now try to lure affected customers into their fold by launching lucrative offers. Gradually, however, prices may go up as competition will fall with the exit of certain players, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748451", "title": "To cut graft, MCG to issue NOC online", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to simplify the process of getting a no objection certificate by making the procedure online.According to officials, this has been done after getting a lot of complaints from the residents about rampant corruption involved in getting this certificate before they can sell their house.\"From now on the residents have to just upload all the needed documents on our website and once all the papers are in place, we will issue the no objection certificate along with a digital signature. We already issue birth and death certificate online and we were the first municipal corporation in the country to do so. Very soon we will also make other certificates like marriage certificate and property transfer, fire NOC, trade licence online,\" said an official. \"By receiving the application for NOC and issuing this certificate online we will be able to keep corruption at bay since many officials used to demand bribe to process it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748702", "title": "Pilot fails booze test, grounded for 3 months", "text": "CHENNAI: A senior Air India pilot failed an alcohol test at the Chennai airport on Friday. The pilot, caught during a pre-flight breath analyzing test, \"has been suspended from active duty,\" said an official.A senior official said the pilot was supposed to fly a Chennai-Madurai flight. \"Immediately after he failed the breath analyzer test, another pilot was deputed to run the service to Madurai,\" he said.A senior official of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said the pilot would be grounded for three months as punishment. Flying licences would be cancelled for the second-time offenders.The airline conducts tests using an advanced breath analyzer, a hand-held device, to find the concentration of alcohol in the breath. \"The equipment is mainly for pre-flight checking to ensure safety of services prior to take-off. The number of cases has been on the rise in the last few months ,\" said the official.Recent data from the Union civil aviation ministry show that 57 pilots had failed to clear the pre-flight alcohol test in 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748098", "title": "Varanasi-Dehradun Exp to resume run from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The train nos. 14265/14266 Varanasi-Dehradun Express, which remained cancelled since December 20 till now, will resume its run from Saturday. The train 14265 will start running from Varanasi from Saturday. In return direction, train no. 14266 will start running from Dehradun from Sunday. All mail/express/passenger trains which were cancelled/partially cancelled during foggy weather, have been restored except train nos. 14115/14116 Allahabad-Haridwar Express which will remain cancelled till further notice.In order to make it convenient for passengers, Lucknow division of NER has opened computerised reservation centres at post offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748173", "title": "Family seeks answers to NRI\u2019s death in US jail", "text": "MUMBAI: A month to the day after his daughter's death in Greater Chicago's Lake County Jail, the father of Goregaon resident Lyvita Gomes has not been informed of the tragedy.Not just her family, indeed the American authorities are finding it difficult to explain why an Indian national was arrested and mistreated simply for refusing jury duty-not mandatory for non-US citizens-and then allowed to waste away and die of hunger.The 52-year old Mumbai native, a former Pan Am stewardess and Delta Airlines trainer, had been on a hunger strike in jail for nearly three weeks following her December 10 incarceration arising from charges of resisting arrest in a routine jury summons case. On December 29, Lyvita was ordered to be taken to the Vista East Medical Center. She died on January 3, 2012 at the hospital.The funeral was conducted on February 1 and was attended by over 200 people, all asking the same question that's haunting the Gomes family. The last rites were conducted Thursday in the presence of her sister and brother-in-law who life in UK as well as a large assembly of local community leaders. A Chicago daily reported that around 120 people, including 20 local pastors, have signed a \"statement of concern\" that will be presented to the authorities.The family lives along Link Road in Goregaon west. Lyvita's brother Oydsteven, who works in a television production house, has so far managed to keep the news of his sister's death from their father. \"He is 94 and is still recovering from a nasty bout of malaria,\" said Steven. \"I have requested several relatives and friends who wish to pay condolence not to visit. Of course, now that the funeral is over, I will have to break it to him.\"The second of four siblings, Lyvita was a well-educated, qualified achiever filled with a sense of joie de vivre. She studied biochemistry at Sophia College, then went on to teach chemistry at St Joseph's Convent during which time she wrote workbooks for junior school. Soon she tired of that and joined Pan Am airlines in the United States as a flight attendant and supervisor before moving to Delta Airlines where she graduated to flight trainer.Much of what happened since December 2011when the Chicago police arrested her remains a blur for the family. Questions linger over the exact circumstances of her arrest, her illness, indeed her mental condition and subsequent death. \"We are still unaware of the full truth behind her hunger strike over jury duty,\" said Steven.\"Those who are in the US are hardly wiser for being there. My sister Lyemia and her husband who live in London conducted the funeral on Thursday. They are seeking answers as are the 200-odd supporters and community leaders who attended Lyvita's wake,\" he added.Lyvita was single and did not have family in the US. \"Is this how they punish foreign nationals who merely refuse jury duty? Stand by as they forgo food and drink, watch them become dehydrated and die?\" he asked. \"I cannot help think this is racism. Would this have happened to a white person?\" Steven and his siblings are yet to receive an apology or explanation, though the Lake County sheriff's office on Thursday released a timetable of events from Lyvita's arrest up to her death in January 3.\"If they (the US authorities) have indeed expressed regret over the incident as is being reported, then it means they are coming to accept that Lyvita died because of mistakes on their part.\" Steven does not intend to seek legal redressal or pursue the matter in the US. \"Will that bring my sister back to life?\" A local Chicago paper quoted her brother-in-law as saying. \"Was it because of her ethnic or immigration status or her mental status?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749356", "title": "Chouhan has many promises to keep", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is preparing to make yet another address at a fishermen's panchayat today, too many of his earlier promises over the last six years are threatening to get back at him. His cabinet spokesperson, however, maintains all is well.Several of the announcements were apparently forgotten soon after the CM stepped off the podium, many were too hypothetical and impractical for the babus to even worry about implementing. Chouhan has been drawing increasing flak for it, and both his party detractors and the opposition Congress are lapping it all up.\"We will do a detailed analysis of all the promises made by the CM and expose him before the people,\" AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh told TOI.Chouhan is presently busy canvassing for the BJP in UP, sharing poll platforms with Uma Bharti . The cabinet spokesperson, Narottam Mishra, however, claimed: \"We have implemented almost 90 per cent of the announcements. Those made in the panchayats have also been sanctioned by the cabinet for implementation,'' he maintained.On Saturday, Chouhan would hold yet another panchayat, this one of fishermen, at the Lal Parade Maidan in Bhopal. He had addressed a similar one in the Agriculture University in Jabalpur, besides holding Van and Kisan panchayats twice, replete with more announcements.A miffed minister in Chouhan's cabinet said the problem was that \"the CM always gets a readymade audience, and cannot resist making announcements at random,\" without worrying about the practicalities. \"For instance, he had announced that the CM house would have a dedicated phone line for the kotwars to have a direct interaction. Nothing was heard of that since,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750237", "title": "Teach the teachers first: Inadequate syllabi, short-term courses to blame for quality dip", "text": "The Right to Education may promise free and compulsory education to all but what will kids do without good mentors? With brilliant minds racing to get jobs in industry, the teaching profession has been hard hit. Of those still in the profession, some fail to notice conditions like dyslexia and autism and are illequipped to deal with differently-abled children. The huge vacuum has left educationists concerned about the endangered tribe called 'good teachers.'Experts say lacunae in teacher training programmes are also to blame for poor teaching standards. \"BEd and most other teacher education courses (like DEd) continue to be rooted in the British lesson plan model of 1890s. These courses are outdated and oblivious of the context of the child. In Indian society, which is hierarchically divided along the fault lines of class, caste, religion and gender, no teacher can teach without being aware of the implications of this social reality,\" says Anil Sadgopal of All India Forum for Right to Education and former dean, faculty of education, Delhi University.\"This is why most teachers are ill-prepared to deal with Dalit, tribal, OBC and Muslim children, who represent a large portion of India's population,\" he added.Even in pre-school teaching courses, the content is crunched into a one-year diploma or even two-month courses. Experts feel that these shortterm courses miss out on the skill of understanding the child's psyche.\"With the emergence of nuclear families, play schools have mushroomed in every city. This has created a demand for qualified teachers, increasing the need for training courses. If a one-year full-time course can barely cover the basics of child development, methodology and curriculum planning, imagine how inadequate a two-month course is,\" says pre-school educationist, Purnima Contractor.Lesley Young, a teacher for 39 years, had taken a two-year training course which only covered subjects like hand writing and pronunciation. She recollects having a child in her class who fell asleep almost daily. Instead of scolding him, she interacted with him and found out his areas of interest.Pointing out more serious cases, Lesley says she has come across children dealing with divorced parents, sibling rivalry or violence at home. One needs to understand kids' psychology in order to help them, she says.However, there are a few courses which incorporate the needful. Bachelor of Elementary Education, a four-year degree programme offered at Delhi University prepares teachers to understand the problems of students from various socio-economic backgrounds.\"The training offered today is in the form of short-term courses with inadequate syllabi. Educators need to understand why after all these years we are asking for Right to Education,\" says dean, faculty of education, Anita Rampal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747965", "title": "Ramjas scam: 3 from another gang arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over two months after the fake admission racket was unearthed at Ramjas College, Delhi Police have arrested the mastermind of another gang involved in the scam. The kingpin, identified as Sanjeev Dahiya, has been nabbed along with two accomplices Ajay Sharma and Arun Tanwar.The gang was involved in at least 13 cases of fake admissions in the college. Dahiya used to be a close associate of Naresh Tau, who was arrested earlier. Using the same modus operandi by forging Class 12 marksheets, the accused charged Rs six lakh for three admissions. \"Dahiya had a fallout with Tau and he used Ramjas staffers to get admissions,\" said a source. Ajay was a mediator who brought gullible students to Dahiya.Meanwhile, Delhi Police is also preparing to file its first chargesheet in the scam. Naresh Tau and Ramjas staffer Suresh Chand would be named as the main accused in the chargesheet. This is the first time that any Ramjas staffer would be chargesheeted in a fake admission scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750283", "title": "An intricate nexus", "text": "It is common knowledge that the sand mafia thrives because there is a nexus between it and politicians. This was confirmed three years ago when the then district collector, Dr A Jayathilak, took action against a dealer who had dumped sand at a public place in violation of the law. A senior leader of a political party then openly intervened to save the offender.The sand mafia includes officials of the panchayat, revenue department and even police.\"The sand mafia operated with such impunity that it even dared to attack a woman officer. The then deputy tehsildar, K Thankam, had a miraculous escape when she tried to stop a vehicle smuggling sand at Mavoor. The driver tried to run the vehicle over her,\" said N Prasanth, the then Kozhikode assistant collector, who led the drive against sand smugglers.He is now the project director of the Kerala State Transport Project (KSTP).Prasanth said the district administration had identified one person who has 30 vehicles which were being used for smuggling sand. \"We confiscated 25 of his vehicles,\" Prasanth said.There is a provision in the law which says that a vehicle can be released after slapping a fine. Most of these smugglers get away easily after paying a nominal fine. \"But we started imposing fine which included the price of the vehicle,\" he said.Malpractice begins at the waterfronts from where sand is collected. A panchayat official will hand over a pass to the smuggler without entering date or time. He will enter the date and time quickly if confronted by an enforcement official. Once the authorities realized what was happening, they started sticking transparent adhesive tape in the place where date and time is marked in order to prevent tampering.\"We have registered a case against a panchayat official in Koyilandi for giving a blank pass. The trial is going on,\" Prasanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "siolim", "code": "11749589", "title": "Siolim suffers 8hr outage after fire engulfs transformer", "text": "SIOLIM: A transformer near the Kirti Vidyalaya in Siolim caught fire on Friday morning leading to a power outage for over eight hours.Around 9.30am, sparks were noticed in the fuse box of the transformer, supposedly caused by a lose connection. Fire soon engulfed the cables and the transformer, said sources.Fire and emergency services in Mapusa were immediately called. Prior to the firefighting exercise beginning, officials of the electricity department shut off the power supply. The latter officials have estimated the loss at 1.48 lakh.Prakash T, in charge of the electricity department's Mapusa sub-division, said the 100 KVA transformer was three years old and was in good condition.Once the fire was put out, the damaged transformer was replaced with a new one and electricity was restored to the area at 6pm.\"The life span of a transformer is 25 years. They do get damaged because of voltage fluctuations. If a transformer starts malfunctioning it is replaced with a mobile transformer and is sent for servicing at the Margao service station,\" explained Prakash.\"Mostly damaged transformers are replaced with new ones,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748294", "title": "HUDA notice to contractor for failing to keep city clean", "text": "GURGAON: The days of the sanitation contractor responsible for the areas falling under HUDA's jurisdiction are numbered. The administrator had issued a week's notice to the contractor before terminating his services for failing miserably to keep the city clean.The intention of Leading Man Power Solution was under question ever since the firm bagged the contract in March 2011 since it offered to do the job for much less than HUDA's estimate. According to the tender document for cleaning and sweeping of master, sector roads and berms and lifting the filth and dumping at fixed places, HUDA stated that at least Rs 32 lakh per month needs to be spent to carry out sanitation work in its area (nearly 70 per cent of the city and almost all the new Gurgaon). However, the contractor managed to bag the award for a period of three years by quoting just Rs 17 lakh per month to do the job. Even though the firm got the contract, it could not carry out the task efficiently as it could not bear the labour costs.While it was required to have 283 sanitation workers, there were barely a handful who did the task, leading to the rising number of complaints by the residents. \"There is an array of allegations against the firm and therefore we have served a well documented notice for lack of performance and have given it seven days to file a reply. The contractor does not have the intention or competency to do the job and we are very hopeful that we will be able to terminate its services as soon as we get his reply. Almost all the resident welfare associations have filed complaints against the contractor,\" said a senior official.According to the official, the contractor was charging HUDA over Rs 70 lakh every month by inflating bills. \"Even though the firm has done absolutely nothing, it used to inflate bills and charge us Rs 70-80 lakh a month. This is really a huge amount and we are sure we can do a much better job if we do it ourselves. Also, it's believed that the contractor is close to the chief minister since the two belong to the same district. It, however, appears he had been misusing the chief minister's name and does not have any affiliation with him.\" HUDA is planning to do the sanitation work by itself until a new contractor is awarded the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749559", "title": "BSY in Delhi to seek position", "text": "BANGALORE: Continuing his pressure tactics, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa dashed to New Delhi on Friday to seek an \"appropriate position\". Another theory behind his visit is that he is being asked not to do anything to destabilize the Sadananda Gowda ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748855", "title": "Fight over truth at Loreto debate", "text": "KOLKATA: Must truth always be sugarcoated? Or is it better to dish out truth without any frills? The 'Past vs Present Debate' at the Loreto College auditorium brought some of the argumentative old college girls back to where they all started out.Six Loretoites took the stage to slog it out on Friday as part of the centenary celebrations of the college. Those taking the podium were an eclectic mix of filmmaker, journalist and academic who received stiff competition from the students of the college in the battle of words.The motion: 'The house believes that truth must be told at all times'. The house was proposed by the team of present college girls comprising Shrishti Nandania, Adrija Chatterjee and Krishna Didwania. The motion was opposed by old girls - journalist Bachi Karkaria, filmmaker Sudeshna Roy and dean of ICFAI business school, Durga Rani Sinha.The house was opened by the lead speaker of the proposition, Shrishti, who went on to say that one must under any circumstances not refrain from speaking the truth. \"Satyameva Jayate should be the order of the day,\" said Shrishti.Shrishti was, however, counter-attacked in her own words by opponent Durga Rani Sinha who laid out certain basic principles as to why truth cannot be spoken all the time. \"Man co-exists in a society. For practical, ethical and social reasons one cannot speak the truth all the time,\" Sinha said. Second speaker for the proposition, Adrija Chatterjee, got confused with the topic when she insisted that truth is a moral option and more often than not an advantageous option. \"Truth is multi-dimensional and whether we speak the truth is a personal choice,\" she said.Filmmaker Sudeshna Roy went on to share some personal stories. \"I realized at a very young age that speaking the truth can be anything but advantageous. It can be spoken sometimes, not all the time,\" Roy said.The debate reached a crescendo with Bachi Karkaria's incisive wit and powerful rhetoric that received the loudest cheers from the audience. \"The truth is always ugly. You need to conceal and powder it before presenting it. And it is always the adulterated truth that works,\" she said.The debate was moderated by former faculty member of Max Mueller Bhavan, Raju Raman. The opposition managed to successfully impress upon the audience and were declared the winners.The debate was organized by the Loreto College Alumnae Association. The curtains will come down on the centenary celebrations with a western music performance and a fashion show organized by designer Anamika Khanna, also an old student of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11748444", "title": "Rs 2.57 lakh jewellery stolen", "text": "Gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 2.57 lakh were reported stolen by burglars in the Gangapur Road area on Thursday.According to a complaint filed by Ashish Arun Tikait (30), burglars broke the lock and latch of his closed flat at Lotus apartments Near Navshya Ganpati temple along Gangapur Road, and decamped with gold and silver ornaments valued at Rs 2,57,500.The incident took place between noon and 2.00 p.m on Thursday.The Gangapur police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752840", "title": "Uthara Unni sets foot in K'town", "text": "Another Malayali girl is all set to storm into the Kollywood scene. Uthara Unni, daughter of actress Urmila Unni, is awaiting the release of not one but two films in K'wood.Says Uthara, a visual and communications student in Chennai, \"I play a traditional girl in director Suresh's Vavval Pasanga. My entry into films happened at a time when I was mulling my higher studies after giving my Class XII examinations,\" says the actress, who romances choreographer Lalitha's son and newcomer Rahul in the film. \"Since both of us are debutants, it was fun shooting and we shared a great rapport,\" says Uthara.Uthara has also been signed up for director Michael's flick, Aindam Vedam. Ashok will play her hero in it. Incidentally, her mother Urmila, who known for her mother roles in Mollywood, is also getting busy in the Tamil industry. Uthara says with a smile, \"Yes, she played Surya's mom in Ezhaam Aruvu. She'll next be seen as Sonia Agarwal's mom in the upcoming flick, Oru Nadigayin Vaakmoolam, which draws its premises from K G Geroge's 1983 Malayalam release, Lekhayude Maranam: Oru Flashback.\"\" Urmila shifted base to Chennai to be with her daughter. \"\"But when good roles came calling, she decided to don the greasepaint again, albeit in a different industry,\" says Uthara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748264", "title": "Long way to go for probity in public life: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the government had moved \"substantially forward\" in curbing corruption and improving public services delivery system in the last one year, but admitted that there was \"still a long way to go\" to ensure transparency, accountability and probity in public life.Singh, while addressing a conference of chief secretaries here, said that the government was moving forward on framing a law for regulating public procurement and he also hoped that the Centre would soon \"be able to\" enact a strong Lokpal law.Emphasizing on government's commitment to take all legal and administrative measures to curb the menace of corruption, the PM cited examples of the Citizen's Charter and the Electronic Delivery of Services bills that were introduced in Parliament last year.Noting that \"unfortunately, the Lokpal and Lokayuktas' Bills could not be passed in the last session of Parliament\", Singh said he does hope that the government \"would soon be able to enact a strong Lokpal law\".Singh also referred to the government's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing Aadhar numbers.\"All this builds upon our earlier initiatives such as the Right to Information Act, the Judicial Accountability Bill and the Whistle Blowers Bill. But, we still have a long way to go in our efforts for ensuring transparency, accountability and probity in public life,\" he said while urging states to work together with the Centre to achieve these goals.The PM also listed \"internal security\" as one of the concerns of the government. Terming Maoist violence, cross-border terrorism and religious fundamentalism as key internal security challenges, he favoured dealing them with firm and effective hands.He said: \"Serious challenges and threats, primarily from left wing extremism, cross border terrorism, religious fundamentalism and ethnic violence still persist. These need to be tackled with a firm and effective and yet sensitive hand\".Singh, however, said the internal security situation in the last one year was by and large peaceful and lauded the states for their efforts in maintaining peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748913", "title": "Now, CCTVs in neta\u2019s rooms at Writers\u2019 Building", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to install CCTV cameras in the ministers' chambers at Writers' Buildings. The surveillance order has triggered wonder, amusement and quite a few smirks in the corridors of power.Officials say the decision was taken at the 'top level' to increase security at Writers'. There have been frequent thefts in the administrative headquarters. Computer cartridges are most commonly stolen, and even wall clocks, not to speak of diaries and calendars regularly lifted from chambers of ministers and officials. Recently, a laptop was stolen from the chamber of environment secretary R P S Kahlon although it was in a locked cabinet.Many corridors of the high security building are already under CCTV cover, but this is the first time that there will be cameras inside ministers' chambers.However, many perceive this as a 24x7 watch on the ministers. Who are they meeting? How are they working? Is any of them playing truant? Mamata Banerjee is, after all, a strict taskmaster and cannot tolerate anything but full attention to work.The surveillance order comes at a time when TMC-Congress ties are going through a rough patch, and Congress ministers are especially under the scanner. PWD officials are secretive about the CCTV proposal. PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar refused to comment but a senior official confirmed that the project was being discussed.Commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said he didn't know about this. \"I am not aware. But yes, some people were talking,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748449", "title": "Heated exchange of words stops JMC board meeting", "text": "JAIPUR: Acrimony stopped the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) board from discussing a majority of proposals once again. In the 7th executive meeting 24 proposals remained unattended, while only 7 proposals were passed after a heated exchange of personal allegations between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and BJP councillors.The executive meeting which lasted for an hour saw allegations and counter-allegations flying fast. The argument emerged over the 8th} proposal which was regarding filing of complaint against an inspector in Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). The BJP councilors refused to pass the proposal till the ACB investigation on mayor is completed. \"The ACB is already investigating 13 cases against the mayor; it will not be correct to file a complaint against any officer before the pending cases are completed,\" said deputy mayor Manish Pareek.Talking to TOI mayor Jyoti Khandewal said, \"The local fund audit has pointed out 113 cases of corruption in BJP tenure and Central Vigilance Commission has written a letter to start investigation in these cases, however, the BJP councilors have not passed the proposal in the general body meeting. The BJP councilors do not want that corruption should be eradicated from the corporation.\" She added, \"If the public representatives take action against corrupt officials it can be a lesson for them.\"In the executive meeting a few important proposals such as jobs for the JMC employees on compassionate ground and appointing the junior engineer were passed. The proposal to hold general body meeting on February 13 was also passed. According to sources, since BJP councilors are in majority they started the meeting early without the mayor.This is not the first time when a meeting was adjourned without discussing all the agenda. A Congress councillor said, \"Public work continues to suffer because of nuisance during meetings. The BJP councillors earlier walked out of the executive meeting over the list of illegally constructed buildings in the city and seven proposals scheduled to be discussed remain unattended,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11749869", "title": "Herbal alternatives to tobacco products", "text": "KANPUR: Finding an alternative to cancerous 'gutkha' and 'paan masala' has remained the biggest challenge till date. But a senior citizen claims to have done that by manufacturing a viable alternative to these dangerous products with the use of dry fruits and natural herbs.The solid and semi-liquid alternatives of 'gutkha' and 'pan masala' has been named as 'Amrit' and 'Oorja' which are available in small sachets. These products are currently being used to encourage the patients admitted in JK Cancer Hospital to quit cancerous tobacco products and adopt these herbal products.Manufactured from dry amla, belifal, dates, cherry, aniseeds, cardamom, peppermint and herbal fragrances, these alternatives are being appreciated by the users. The natural products are available for the locals but at limited places. With an affordable price of Rs 2 for the sachet of 'Amrit' (alternative for gutkha) and Rs 5 for 'Oorja' (alternative of pan masala), these herbal alternatives are also recommended by doctors of JK Cancer Hospital. The authorities of the hospital will distribute these products to the patients and their attendants on the occasion of World Cancer Day on Saturday.\"Tobacco, a substance which is highly cancerous, has become an integral part of the daily life of lakhs of people. However, the substance poses a threat to the environment and mankind because it is highly toxic. The users are unable to quit it. The environmentalists and medical experts are also raising voice against it,\" said Dr Avadhesh Dixit, director of JK Cancer hospital. According to the manufacturers and developers of 'Amrit' and 'Oorja', this substance is 100% herbal and even good for a healthy mouth.\"Amla, which is good for hair, reduces cough and increase the body resistance, while belifal is a good remedy of diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera , tanning and many more. Dates give energy and strength and peppermint and cardamom are mouth fresheners. All these products are combined to form the masala substitute,\" said Suman Tiwari (63), manufacturer and developer of 'Amrit' and 'Oorja'.The maximum number of tobacco or gutkha lovers land up in cancer hospitals. Hence, the manufacturers of 'Amrit' target hospitals only. \"Targeting those who are beneficiary of tobacco will surely spread the use of herbal alternatives as well,\" added Suman.Suman said, \"Around five or six years ago while walking on a footpath I saw three kids with several masala sachets in hand. Suddenly, the eldest among them, no more than 10 year, opened a pan masala sachet and distributed it to all. That incident remained in my memory. After it, I decided to introduce some better alternatives of the tobacco products.\" Currently, the developers are focusing on developing better alternatives to cigarette as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11754171", "title": "Trai begins process to auction 2G spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following the Supreme Court order, telecom regulator Trai has started the process of auction of 2G spectrum and issued a pre-consultation paper on the same seeking views of all stakeholders.The apex court, in its verdict on Thursday, had asked Trai to adhere to the central government's focus on allocation of spectrum only through auction.\"Keeping in view the decision taken by the central government in 2011, Trai shall make fresh recommendations for grant of licence and allocation of spectrum in 2G band in 22 service areas by auction, as was done for allocation of spectrum in 3G band,\" Principal advisor at Telecom Regulatory Authority Of India (Trai), Sudhir Gupta, said in a statement.The Supreme Court in its order on cancellation of 122 2G telecom licenses has asked the government to seek fresh recommendations from Trai on allocation of licences and spectrum by way of auction. The apex court has given the government a time-frame of four months to complete the process.It is estimated that 536 Mhz of 2G spectrum will be freed following the cancellation of the 122 licenses.Almost a year ago, Trai had recommended fixing the price for 6.2 Mhz of pan-India start-up 2G spectrum at Rs 10,972.45 crore, more than six times the cost of Rs 1,658 crore at which the spectrum was allocated to new players whose licences have been ordered to be cancelled by the Supreme Court.The recommended spectrum price varied from circle to circle.In case of contracted limit, the price ranges from Rs 7.60 crore per Mhz in Jammu and Kashmir to Rs 187.38 crore per Mhz in Tamil Nadu.For the additional spectrum, the range is Rs 22.89 crore in Jammu and Kashmir to Rs 431.95 crore in Andhra Pradesh. Gupta cited that Trai has already recommended that all future licences should be unified licences under 'Spectrum Management and Licensing Framework' guidelines of May 2010. Also, it has said that spectrum should be delinked from licence.\"Pursuant to this recommendation, 'Draft Guidelines for Unified Licensing Regime' were also placed on Trai website,\" Gupta said. On the issue of 'Allocation of spectrum in 2G band in 22 Service Areas by auction', Trai has requested stakeholders to send their comments and suggestions on the issues involved by February 15.\"Keeping in view the time bound nature of exercise, no extension of time will be given,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748738", "title": "Court pulls up civic body, cops for encroachments by hawkers", "text": "CHENNAI: Irked at the Chennai Corporation's admission that hawkers do return to pavements within days of being removed, the Madras high court has asked police to explain how they were allowed to encroach areas on NSC Bose Road, Parry's Corner and around the high court.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam was issuing interim orders on a contempt of court petition filed by social activist R R 'Traffic' Ramaswamy.The corporation commission told the court on Thursday that 296 hawkers had been identified and issued photo identity cards for relocation, and added that the authorities periodically removed hawkers who return to road sides within days of their removal.Taking a dim note of this admission, the judges said: \"We fail to understand the reason for evicting unauthorized hawkers periodically. The statement made in the counter-affidavit only shows that even after eviction of unauthorized hawkers, they again come and encroach the pavements. If that is so, why do the corporation and the police allow hawkers to encroach pavements, once they have been removed?\"The judges then directed the jurisdictional deputy commissioner of police to file an affidavit stating as to how people were allowed to encroach the planks on either side of the road once they were evicted. The case has been posted to February 27 for further proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749718", "title": "Alive 6, a slice of life through art", "text": "NAGPUR: Alive 6 is not your regular art event. It is an eclectic mix of art, belly dancing and a talk on non-violent communications. Jointly organised by AlagAngle and Kalakunj this exhibition of sculptures, photography and paintings is being held at Rabindranath Tagore Art Gallery from Feb 4 to 6.The art work on exhibit looks at everyday life. Lalit Vikamshi, artist and organiser of the event says, \"I asked all the participants to just explore a day in their life and express it through their chosen medium. What emerged were paintings and collage, giving the artists' interpretation.But more interesting will be the talk and counselling sessions to be conducted by Flora Lehmann, Nurija Liebe and Oliver, all German nationals, who through special lectures will make the audience look deeper into life if they wish to enjoy it truly.Nurija, who is also a dance teacher and gave a belly dance performance on Friday evening, said, \"Dance too is an art form which gives us much happiness. Living life is just not a function. It is important to be happy and satisfied. As we live in a community, which makes demands on us, discovering true joy can be difficult. For this we need to have courage to listen to our heart and discover what makes us truly happy.\"These simple truths have been discovered over two years of travelling through 17 countries. Sharing her experiences in a Jordan jail where she was for a couple of days, Nurija said, \"Being in jail can be a liberating experience. I meditated there and discovered a kind of inner liberation. Happiness and freedom are independent of our life and it is experiences like these that give us true wisdom.\"Her learning yoga and pranic healing too has wizened her up. \"I have come to believe in reincarnations. Not after life but within one's own lifetime. As you discover joy and happiness it tells you how unhappy you have been so far, this is akin to living again or being reincarnated.\"Another tool for self-improvement is non-violent communication as propounded by Flora Lehmann.\"Just not listening to the violent words being spoken by a person but going beyond them and discovering the source and cause for such anger can help us connect better with a person. It also prevents us from being judgmental. When we are not judging people we are in a position to go deeper with our understanding of them. This makes us more polite and sensitive.\"These speakers can be heard at the NIT gallery from Feb 4 to 6 at 11 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11750530", "title": "Man arrested for illegal trading of human organs", "text": "PATIALA: Over a year after an advertisement appeared in a vernacular newspaper regarding sale of kidneys, Patiala Police on Friday arrested a person and registered a case against him for allegedly being involved in illegal trading of human organs.A case under Transplantation Of Human Organs Act, 1994, has been lodged against Karnail Singh of Kheri Jattan village on the complaint by Sonu Maheswari, an RTI activist from Bathinda. It was lodged after an order by the Punjab and Haryana high court on January 31, asking police to take necessary action against the accused. The next hearing of the case is scheduled for February 13.Sonu had alleged that the accused got an advertisement published in a local newspaper on October 8, 2010, which gave some contact numbers for sale and purchase of kidneys. When he called on the number, the person who took the call demanded Rs 5 lakh for a kidney.Maheshwari immediately sent written complaints to then Health minister Laxmi Kanta Chawla, the Punjab DGP and other senior officials. However, no action was taken. \"I sent more complaints in April 2011, but still no action was taken. Then I knocked on the doors of Punjab and Haryana high court. When police did not act despite HC directions, the court reprimanded Patiala Police on January 31, asking it to take action within a week. Finally, an FIR has been registered,\" he said.Alleging that the police were trying to hush up the matter, Maheshwari added, \"Karnail had told me that two kidneys of A and B blood groups were available, but police inquiry report states that both the organs were of Sunita, a woman from Patiala. How can a woman have kidneys of different blood groups?\"\"We have arrested Karnail and taken him into one-day police remand. We have started investigations and expect to make more arrests in coming some days,\" said investigations officer Bhupinder Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747802", "title": "Paraplegic held for \u2018killing\u2019 wife, son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A paraplegic interior designer claimed to have murdered his wife and four-year-old son, and was found lying next to the bodies when the police broke into their bedroom in Rohini, northwest Delhi, in the early hours of Friday.Nitin Maini (30) also tried to injure himself using a pair of scissors, police said. Nitin told the cops who arrested him that he suspected his wife of being unfaithful. But both families - Nitin's and his wife's - said the wheelchair-bound man couldn't possibly have committed the murders as he could hardly move without help.The victims, Shweta Maini (24) and Garv appeared to have been strangled, police said. Shweta's father has alleged the hand of Nitin's family in the killings.Nitin, who became paralysed waist down in a bike accident three years ago, was to shortly receive compensation of Rs 21 lakh.Shweta and Nitin Maini had defied their families to get married six years ago. \"They had to marry in Patiala House courts, and I backed Nitin during their courtship. He loved Shweta immensely and could not have killed her. When he could not even move without help, how could he have committed two murders and then tried to kill himself?\" said a friend who did not wish to be named.The double murder has devastated Nitin's immediate family. His mother, Sushma, had been happy when the couple celebrated their wedding anniversary on Thursday night. Hardly two hours later, her eldest son was in jail for murdering his wife and son, whose darkening bodies lay in the Maini house.\"My grandson Garv was such a jovial child and always used to be with me. He even slept by my side listening to stories at night. My world has shattered. What will we do with the money? I want my children back,\" she said, crying.Nitin, the family said, was physically helpless and had to be strapped into his wheelchair. His wife was his pillar of support. Around four months back, she had bagged a job with an NGO for around Rs 8,000 a month. \"It was a long commute for her from Rohini to her office near Laxmi Nagar, but our family life had come back on the track with her regular income. This was totally unexpexcted,\" said a family member. Shweta's family, though, alleged things were not rosy and Nitin's family had conspired to kill the mother and son for the Rs 21 lakh compensation that Nitin had won in an accident claim.However, the double murder has left cops puzzled. While they could not satisfactorily establish the motive for the murder and went by Nitin's confession alone, they acknowledge the story has far too many holes. Police sources as well as the family members claimed the bodies had turned blue, which suggested that Nitin's claim of having strangled the two may not be true.Shweta's family's claim that her phone was switched off when they called her up at 11.10pm also throws up new questions. Police sources said there were several possibilities. It could be a case of a suicide pact gone wrong, they said.The police accepted Nitin's confession at face value but said further investigation is needed. Forensic reports and the postmortem report will let them ascertain the exact facts and the sequence of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750280", "title": "Attachment order on MSat properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing tussle between Income Tax department and the scam-hit Satyam Computer Services has taken a turn for the worse with the company on Friday reporting it had received a provisional order from the I-T department stating that its land and buildings were being attached.\"On February 02, 2012, the company has received a provisional attachment order dated January 30, 2012, from the additional commissioner of income tax, central range - 3, Hyderabad, attaching land and buildings of the company under section 281B of the Income Tax Act, 1961,\" the company said in a communication to bourses on Friday.The company said it was examining various legal options to challenge the I-T order and it is learnt that the company may knock on the doors of the AP High Court by Monday.It is also learnt that the attachment order covers properties owned by Satyam across the country, including at Infocity and on the Bahadurpally campus in Hyderabad along with offices in Vizag, Chennai, Bangalore and Nagpur.The company also intimated the bourses that high court, in its interim orders on January 31, 2012, had directed Satyam and I-T department to maintain status quo on assessment proceedings and directed that the bank guarantee furnished by Satyam be left untouched till further orders.As directed by Supreme Court, Satyam had furnished a bank guarantee of Rs 617 crore in April last year against the I-T department's notice seeking tax dues for the same amount for years 2003-'04 to 2008-'09. The bank guarantee was valid till December 31, 2011.The company had also received draft notices for Rs 1,037 crore and Rs 1,075 crore for assessment years 2002-'03 and 2007-'08 but the company has been disputing the tax demands saying that these figures were based on the fictitious revenues cooked up by Raju, who, in January 2009, confessed to having tweaked the company's accounts for years.While company officials said that the attachment order would not affect operations, sources in the I-T department confirmed that while a provisional order means that the properties of the company have been attached, certain formalities remain to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750750", "title": "Irate babus seek free legal aid for arrested buddies", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an extraordinary move smacking of trade union activism, a shaken lot of AP bureaucrats on Friday met chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and presented him a slew of demands including free legal aid for the two IAS officers arrested in the major scams that are rocking the state.More than 60 IAS officers on Friday met the chief minister and expressed their concern over the recent arrests of their colleagues Y Srilakshmi (illegal mining case) and BP Acharya (Emaar scam) as well as the chargesheeting of L V Subramanyam by the CBI in the Emaar case. The officers were led by AP IAS Officers Association secretary J Raymond Peter and senior officer Prasanta Mahapatra.They submitted a memorandum comprising six demands of which the three main were free legal help to be provided to the arrested officers, that the CBI should be directed to question the senior officers appearing as witnesses in their chambers as is being done in the case of ministers and thirdly, that the CBI investigating team should include civil servant members with knowledge of business rules and experience of decision making in government.\"Officers facing criminal prosecution for acts done during the course of discharging the duties of their office should be defended legally by the government. The entire legal services cost should be borne by the government,\" the one page memorandum said. According to one officer, it was only fair that the state bear the legal services cost as they only executed the government's orders.On the second demand, that \"senior offices required as witnesses should be examined in their respective official chambers as is being done in the case of ministers,\" one officer said that even when senior witnesses are summoned to the Dilkusha Guest House as witnesses, the media is projecting them as a guilty party.On the demand for the CBI team to include officers with knowledge of the government business rules, the bureaucrats said this has become necessary as the CBI sleuths do not seem to have any knowledge of various procedures and rules. \"For example, the Public-Private Partnership joint ventures that form the bulk of the projects being probed by the CBI in the various scams. The investigators are clueless as to how these function,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749767", "title": "High court dismisses NCP leader's petition", "text": "NAGPUR: After a rap from the district court, NCP leader Dilipsingh Thakur has suffered another setback on Friday after his petition to contest the Katol Panchayat Samiti polls was dismissed by the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court.The case was listed before the single-judge bench of Justice Vasanti Naik. Earlier, Katol district judge SD Gagmalani had directed the returning officer to reject nomination form of Thakur on a complaint of Suresh Phiske from the same area. This is big blow to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) as Thakur is one of the influential leaders from the constituency.According to Fiske, Thakur was one of the partners in the firm which was allotted road laying contract worth Rs 50 lakh by the local Panchayat. Citing Section 16 of Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti Act, the complainant stated that the legal provisions prohibit ZP contractors to contest elections and demanded rejection of Thakur's nomination papers from Ladgao circle.In his plea, Thakur termed all allegations as baseless. While claiming that the district court has ignored the facts, Thakur argued that he and wife are no longer associated with the said firm. He added he is just holding the post of manager there on a monthly salary of Rs 50,000. Justice Naik while rejecting the plea declined to intervene in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bodh gaya", "code": "11749721", "title": "Buddha Mahotsav off to a colourful start", "text": "BODH GAYA: Amidst chanting of Buddhist mantras by monks belonging to both the Therawada and Mahayana sect of Buddhist and colourful religious dance, Buddha Mahotsav was off to a spectacular and somewhat non-conventional start as the traditional inaugural lamp made way for its improvised electronic substitute.Chief minister Nitish Kumar, in the holy presence of Buddhist spiritual leader Ogyen Trinle Dorje, the 17th Karmapa, formally inaugurated the three-day cultural extranaza having international dimensions with cultural groups from Thailand, Bhutan and Sri Lanka presenting cultural programmes to entertain and enlighten an audience from different parts of the country and the world.Bihar assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary, Nitish's cabinet colleagues including his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi , Jeetan Ram Manjhi and Prem Kumar joined in the brief inaugural ceremony. Being held after a gap of two years (the annual Mahotsava was not held in 2011), the event has been formatted to cater to the taste and cultural requirements of the large number of visitors who come here in search of peace.Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi welcomed the participants. Inaugurating the event, CM Nitish Kumar said that the event was becoming more and more attractive. But, there was still room for improvement, he said. Nitish exhorted the people of the region to imbibe the spirit of Buddhism and follow Buddha's footsteps.The CM pulled up the local officials for poor sanitary conditions and said that a foreign tourist complained about the poor waste disposal mechanism. The CM announced that the Patna-Gaya road will be fourlaned for fast traffic movement. The CM eugolised the Buddhist Madhyam Marg (middle path).Modi expressed happiness over the growth of tourism in Bodh Gaya as no less than 45 flights, most of them international, operate every week from Gaya airport and 25,000 foreign tourists were coming to Bodh Gaya. Speaking on the occasion, the Karmapa outlined the salient features of Buddhism including, peace, non violence, compassion and wisdom.Praising CM Nitish Kumar, Karmapa said that Buddhists from different place look up to the CM for the all-round development of Bihar. Day two of the event has been virtually reserved for artists from the state who will be presenting programmes like Holi, Chaiti, Ghazal, Bhajan and Sufi music.Artists from the state art and culture department will present a play titled 'Buddha Ki Chhah, Shanti Ki Rah'. It will also present Bihar Gaurav Gan on day two. A seminar on Buddhism and its relevance in the 21st century will also be held on day two. A peace walk between Mahabodhi Temple and the great Buddha statue has been planned for day three. Fireworks will be there on all the three evenings after the end of the cultural programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749797", "title": "NU conducts yet another blunder", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University cannot keep itself away from controversies, latest being a blunder committed by officials by convening meeting of an old panel for granting equivalence even as its term had long expired. More disturbing is the fact that they realized their folly after two weeks, following which they swung into damage control mode.The gaffe happened in case of Dhananjay Kadam who fought for over 11 years with NU officials to get equivalence to his MEd degree obtained from Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU). TOI had published his plight on Wednesday.According to this senior lecturer at Wardha College, NU officials had convened the meeting of its ad hoc equivalence committee on January 4, after getting ultimatum from the chancellor's office. This panel having many members was constituted in the absence of statutory bodies like academic, management council and senate. However, when these bodies were completely established in November, the tenure of temporary body automatically ceased to exist.Accusing NU officials of being lethargic, Kadam said NU officials invited all members of the old panel for the meeting. Even the equivalence was granted to Kadam and other candidates like him who were waiting for this day. About 10 members including dean of education faculty Chandrashekhar Bhusari participated in the meeting. However, as the official notification was not published, the officials were saved from embarrassment.About two weeks later, someone pointed out that new panel for granting equivalence was already in place after statutory bodies were constituted. The NU administration swung into action and convened the meeting of new panel on January 19 and also granted equivalence to Kadam and others for second time. The lecturer officially received the notification on January 25.Though Bhusari admitted that two meetings took place, he refused to comment further. Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, however, accepted that the bungle took place.as notification regarding meeting of old panel for granting equivalence failed to reach his table in time. \"As all our officials were busy, the notification which was issued by NU's academic section could not reach my office. But after we realized it, we immediately convened the new meeting and granted equivalence. The new panel had many members from old panel so everything went on smoothly,\" he clarified.Kadam, however, threatened to move to the high court as NU refused to grant him admission as per old norms of 2000 when he applied for PhD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11749682", "title": "Thakre, Uttamrao to fight for prestige", "text": "YAVATMAL: Though the young leaders of Congress and Nationalist Congress Party are full of confidence for the forthcoming zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections, the real fight will be seen between MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre and NCP leader Uttamrao Patil.They will fight to strengthen their position in their respective party and in the district politics too.The Congress ruled Yavatmal zilla parishad for at least half a century and saw its leaders holding key positions in power. The reins of the district politics was also in the hands of the Naik family of Pusad, supported by six-time MP Patil.However, problems started in the Congress when Thakre became president of MPCC. Sources said that self-centred politics of Thakre reportedly caused discontent among loyal Congress workers.This led Patil to quit Congress and join NCP in November last. That time, it was widely believed that Patil's exit would give Congress a setback, but it did not happen. The Congress got power in five out ofseven municipal councils elections to which were then held.NCP leaders are now harping on Patil's political shrewdness and his long-drawn network in the district, particularly in villages. Naik is also maintaining NCP influence in Umarkhed, Mahagaon and Pusad.Since 50% of the total seats have been reserved for women , many political stalwarts have either lost their strongholds forcing them to shift elsewhere or be content with their wives contesting the election.Congress leaders, including Thakre, openly criticized NCP leadership and publicly called Congress as its enemy number 1. District general secretary Ashok Bobade, a close associate of Thakre, said that Congress would get 30 plus seats in the 62-member zilla parishad and emerge as the single largest party to stake its claim in ZP.According to him, Congress will do better, both in Ner and Yavatmal, and improve its position in Pusad. But he was skeptical about the party's performance in Digras, Ghatanji and Ralegaon tehsils.NCP legislator Sandeep Bajoria is confident of his party doing well this time and hopes to get power in ZP on its own.Now that Thakre's son Rahul is contesting from Watfali (Ner), a new constituency for him after his previous seat was reserved, speculation is rife that he may stake a claim to the post of ZP chief if Congress emerges victorious.The president's post is for the open category. But a lot depends on how Thakre and Patil perform in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11752375", "title": "Repolling begins in Manipur amid tight security", "text": "IMPHAL: Repolling at 34 polling stations in Manipur's hill districts began this morning amidst tight security deployment in view of threats from insurgent organisations.Extra security measures were taken as the government had received reports that militants particularly belonging to National Socialist Council of Nagaland (I-M) were roaming around the polling stations.Officials said repolling began at all the 34 polling stations spread across Ukhrul, Senapati, Tamenglong, Chandel and Churachandpur from 7 AM and it would end at 3 PM.Repoll was necessary because there was disruption by militants and irregularities during the elections of Manipur assembly on January 28.Sources said unlike in the past there would be three or four layers of security deployment during the repoll today because intelligence office said there were movement of ultras around the polling stations - all in interior hills - to prevent any untoward incident.Election office said counting of votes would be taken on March 6.The prominent candidates in this elections in the valley districts are Chief Minister O Ibobi Singh (Thoubal), senior congress leader and forest minister Th Debendra Singh (Jiribam), senior congress leader and well-known advocate, Laishram Nanda Kumar (Uripok), food and civil supply minister and senior Congress leader Yumkham Erabot (Wangkhei).Besides, Manipur People's Party (MPP) president Nimachiand Luwang (Wangkhem), senior MPP leader and former deputy chief minister L Chandramani (Patsoi), NCP chief and former Manipur chief minister Radhabinod Koijam (Thangmeiband) are also contesting.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750017", "title": "System error: Out of memory", "text": "Looking through the window of a classroom in a government school in East Vinod Nagar, one can see rows of children reading out formulae written on the blackboard. All the 50-odd students repeat the formulae as the teacher stands by, ensuring the kids learn them by heart.With an allocation of Rs 1,301crore, Delhi is one of the few states which spend a sizeable percentage of the budget on education. Last year, the government attempted to push up standards by introducing the Right to Education ( RTE). Yet, as enrolments go up in the city's schools, the quality of education has remained static, feel educationists. Former NCERT director, JS Rajput, says, \"Most schools employ an examoriented pedagogy. The education minister may have announced the implementation of continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) but teachers are yet to be trained.\"A shortfall of teachers - 14,000 more teachers have to be inducted in schools to maintain the ideal ratio - has only made the situation dire as schools attempt to implement the ministry's insistence on CCE, which was meant to take away exam pressure from students . A year down the line, things haven't changed much. Rote learning or as students put it, \"mugging up\", remains the usual mode of learning.Dr Saini, principal, DPS RK Puram, admits that rote learning is an important tool in the teaching process. \"Though learning through practicals is emphasized, some subjects need memorization,\" says Saini. According to Saini, only in the primary years can children be exposed to creative thinking and to teaching that is less structured, through games, drama and songs. \"In the senior classes, though, rote learning becomes imperative. You have no choice but to memorize the formulae,\" he says.It's not just Saini who vouches for rote learning. Ashok Pandey of Ahlcon International School, also makes a case for memorizing, though he clarifies that it cannot be the sole methodology. \"Alternative methods have to be integrated into the teaching pedagogy,\" says Pandey, whose school has been spearheading an alternative method of teaching in Delhi. Peer learning, where a student teaches the concept to other students is one of the best methods, claims Pandey. \"We've had peer leaders who demonstrate a superior learning scale and teach their peers. I've seen students, termed shy or introvert, open up and ask questions in such classes,\" says Pandey.Questioning, in such environs, becomes the impetus for learning. Adds Rajput, \"Hands-on experimentation makes students life-long learners.\" In fact, inter-disciplinary teaching is a great tool, says Rajput. \"Provide teachers with adequate support system and see the difference. Autonomy in teaching the curriculum is needed to utilize the benefits of CCE thoroughly,\" adds the educationist. An example in point is the \"team teaching\" experiment. \"For instance, in poetry, a teacher with a good voice modulation will read out the content while another teacher with artistic skills will draw a pictorial representation of the poem. The children get to have an interactive, audio-visual session,\" says Pandey.Dr Jitender Nagpal, senior psychiatrist at Moolchand's Mental Health and Lifeskills department, says that children learn through three approaches - audio, visual and kinesthetic. \"Schools need a mix of all these approaches,\" he says.\"Teaching in early years has to be interactive, as observation and participation are critical at this period,\" Dr Nagpal adds. Handwriting or other cognitive skills are picked up through rote learning. But it cannot be the only way, he says.\"We have to create happy schools. Compulsive rote learning needs to be done away with if you want the child to not only imbibe the information but also evolve as a person,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11750554", "title": "Respite from cold wave in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People on Friday got respite from cold in Punjab and Haryana with mercury rising a few notches above normal amid cloudy weather conditions. Narnaul recorded the lowest temperature in the region at 5.5 degrees celsius.The minimum temperature in Patiala touched double digit mark at 10.1 degrees C, three degrees above normal, meteorological office said here.Ludhiana and Amritsar in Punjab had a low of 9.1 degrees C and 7 degrees C, rising by two notches above normal each.Jalandhar had a low of 8.6 degrees C, which was 3.4 degrees more than Thursday.Hisar in Haryana had a low of 9.7 degrees C, going up by three degrees, while mercury in Karnal and Rohtak settled at 7.9 degrees C and 8.3 degrees C, respectively. Ambala's minimum was 8.8 degrees C, which was two degrees above normal. The meteorological department in its forecast predicted light rain or thundershowers at a few places in both states in next two days though mist may occur in morning and evening. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749748", "title": "From bat to bread, candle to camera, kite to kettle...", "text": "NAGPUR: Ring, violin and cake may sound like the perfect things for an engagement party, but they are actually some of the election symbols that parties can choose to woo voters for the ensuing civic elections. They are among the 49 free symbols that the SEC has released for independents or candidates of unrecognised political parties contesting the NMC elections on February 16.Interestingly, candidates are sure these symbols will catch the imagination of voters. Many independent candidates who spoke to TOI were excited to see the symbols. According to them these symbols are very cute and will definitely attract voters. The NMC will distribute the free symbols to candidates on February 6.Some of the free symbols available are almirah, kite, balloon, television, walking stick, candles, table and saw. Of these symbols, nagara (drum) and basket symbols appear to be almost identical.There are also some symbols for candidates who love sports. Candidates who swear by cricket to reach the electorate have the option of choosing 'bat' or 'batsman' as their symbol. Shuttle is also a symbol to attract voters.In the recent past, silent march holding candle has become a hit among civil society members and youngsters, especially college students. Candidates who want to cash in on this trend can opt for the candle as election symbol. Battery torch is also another option for candidates, to throw some light on the future.With 50% reservation for women candidates, there are also some symbols that might appeal to women candidates and voters. They can pick from sewing machine, gas cylinder, frying pan, jug, kettle, spoon, fork, cup and saucer, and glass tumbler.Ice cream, maize, coconut and bread are also among the symbols open for independents. Also, if corporators want to cut into the votes of their opponents, they can use scissors as their symbol!Wannabe corporators who wish to improve the standard of education in NMC run schools can also select blackboard or slate as their election symbol.Political parties also believe that symbols play a very important role. \"Symbols are important in attracting voters, as candidates are known by their party symbol,\" said Girija Khandate, an independent candidate from Prabhag number 23 (B).However, many candidates may get a common symbol as they will contest from different prabhags. The SEC clarified that the symbol would be available for allotment as free symbol to other candidates in all other prabhags, and even in prabhags where parties do not actually field their candidates.Rich In SymbolismAlmirah, Ballon, Basket, Bat, Batsman, Battery Torch, Black Board, Bread, Brief Case, Brush, Cake, Camera, Candle, Ceiling Fan, Coat, Coconut, Comb, Cub and saucer, Diesel pump, Electric pole, Fork, Frying pan, Gas cylinder, Glass tumbler, Harmonium, Hat, Ice cream, Iron, Jug, Kettle, Kite, Letter box, Maize, Nagara, Ring, Road roller, Saw, Scissors, Sewing machine, Shuttle, Slate, Stool, Table, Table lamp, Television, Tent, Violin, Walking stick, Whistle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "malda/bankura", "code": "11748654", "title": "Crib deaths haunt districts again", "text": "MALDA/BANKURA: Crib deaths continued to haunt district hospitals with more deaths being reported in Malda and Bankura on Friday. While nine newborns died in the last 48 hours at Malda Medical College and Hospital, ten babies died at Bankura Sammilani Medical College and Hospital. Parents alleged lack of treatment behind the deaths. Health officials, however, attributed the deaths to low birth weight and malnutrition.A total nine new-borns died at the Malda Medical College and Hospital yet during the last 48 hours. The reason is the same - low birth weight, malnutrition, health officials say.Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya will visit Malda Medical College and Hospital on Monday. in conection with the crib deaths.According to hospital sources, most of the newborns died in Malda within an hour of delivery. Six babies died on February 1, while three baby deaths were reported on February 2. The eldest among the victims were Muslima Biwi's 14 day old son and Namita Burman's 2 month old daughter.Parents alleged lack of treatment at the hospital behind the deaths. Chief Medical Officer of Health (CMOH) Dr S Jhariyat, however denied the charge. \"It is true that a total nine babies died in this hospital in the last two days. But all of them were admitted in critical condition and doctors had nothing to do,\" Jhariyat said. He also added that state government has approved of a makeshift paediatric department. \"With this new ward and trained nurses for it, the pressure on the children's ward would certainly reduce in this hospital.\"There was a similar complaint at the Bankura Sammilani Medical College and Hospital where some villagers staged an agitation complaining against crib deaths due to lack of \"proper care.\" The hospital admitted that 10 babies had died. The hospital superintendent, however, said that all the victims were not newborn.\"Only two among the victims were newborn, weighing 1.5 kg. and 1.75 kg. They were brought to the hospital with pneumonia and other diseases,\" said hospital superintendent Panchanan Kundu.Kundu said that the hospital was under tremendous pressure. \"There are a total of 50 beds in the sick newborn care unit and neonatal intensive care unit. Patients from far off places in Bankura, Purulia and even Jharkhand come here,\" the hospital superintendent said pointing to the lack of infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "betul", "code": "11755524", "title": "Woman beaten up in public by in-laws over dowry", "text": "BETUL: A woman was beaten up in full public view by her husband and in-laws, who allegedly also tried to set her ablaze, after she failed to meet their demand for dowry in a village near here, police said today.In her complaint, Seema alleged that her husband Kishore Geed, mother-in-law Malabai, sister-in-law and brother-in-law had been putting pressure on her to get dowry since their wedding a year ago.On Thursday, Kishore asked his wife to call her father and ask for money, but she refused. Enraged, Kishore, his mother and other relatives allegedly poured kerosene on Seema, but before they could set her afire she managed to escape from the house and boarded a Betul-bound bus.The family members purportedly followed and forced Seema to alight from the bus, pulled her sari and beat her up in full public view, police said, quoting the complaint.The incident occurred in Sendurjana village under Saikheda Police Station of the district.The victim somehow managed to inform her parents about the incident, following which she was taken to Betul yesterday and admitted in the district hospital.Betul SP Bahgwant Singh Chouhan said a case has been registered against the victim's husband and other relatives and appropriate action would be taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11750099", "title": "\u2018Jewish Indiana Jones\u2019 says his exploits are tall tales", "text": "NEW YORK: Once hailed as the \"Jewish Indiana Jones\", a Maryland rabbi, who claimed to have travelled the world to rescue holy Torah scrolls has pleaded guilty to fraud, admitting that he made up those dramatic stories.Menachem Youlus, 50, a Jewish charity co-founder , on Thursday confessed in a US district court in Manhattan that he had made up those daring tales, the New York Times reported. Prosecutors say he also defrauded the charity he founded and its donors out of $862,000.\"Between 2004 and 2010, I falsely represented that I had personally obtained vintage Torah scrolls - in particular ways, in particular locations - in Europe and Israel,\" Youlus told judge Colleen McMahon of federal district court on Thursday.\"I know what I did was wrong, and I deeply regret my conduct,\" he said. The rabbi then pleaded guilty to mail and wire fraud, admitting that he had used the United States Postal Service and emails to further a scheme to steal money while claiming to be saving and restoring historic Torahs.The government said he fabricated detailed accounts of exploits to recover Torahs lost or hidden during the Holocaust, including at the Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland and the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in Germany.Preet Bharara, an Indianorigin US attorney for the southern district of New York, said in a statement that the guilty plea is \"a fitting conclusion to his story, and he will now be punished for his brazen fraud.\" At a 2004 Torah dedication, Youlus wrote: \"I guess you could call me the Jewish Indiana Jones,\" the complaint said.Indiana Jones was the action-adventure protagonist played by Harrison Ford in the 1981 Stephen Spielberg classic \"Raiders of the Lost Ark\" . During his plea, he said his lies included telling prospective buyers that he had personally retrieved parts of one scroll from a metal box at Auschwitz.Youlus could receive up to 20 years in prison on each of the two counts when he is sentenced on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750636", "title": "Old secret society finds future in youth", "text": "One of the world's oldest secret societies is getting younger by the day.\"Writer Dan Brown certainly created a flutter about Freemasons, but what's encouraging is that membership in India is growing while many other countries are losing members,\" says Balaram Biswakumar, neurologist and grand master, The Grand Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons (AF &amp; AM) of India.\"While fiction has played a role in this, a lot of our new masons are youngsters who have access to the Internet and have read about Freemasons and their charitable activities,\" he says. Kumar attributes the growth in membership to the conservative approach of selection adopted by the masons. Most new entrants have a familial masonic link.IT professional S Ramasubramanian, who was initiated into Lodge Ramprasad in the city in January 2010, says he had some idea about masonry as his paternal uncle and cousins were part of the society. \"The rituals were a bit of a surprise,\" he adds.\"Having said that, I must confess there is nothing scary about them. Like every religion has certain symbolic rituals so does f re e m a - sonry,\" says Ramasubramanian, a manager with Cognizant. Lodge Ramprasad has around 188 members, 15 of whom are in their thirties.The initiation of a new member begins with a mason proposing his name with another member from the same lodge secondingtheproposal.Thisis a followed by a vote and an interview by senior members of the lodge. Ramasubramanian has climbed up the ladder swiftly, from being an entered apprentice, then a fellow craft and a master mason within just two years.Another 'brother',Harish Mohan, who joined freemasons at the age of 18 in 2003, has been a regular with his mother lodge, Om Vigneshwara. When he joined the freemasons 10 years ago, Om Vigneshwara's membership was 30. It has now doubled. Around 24 members of Om Vigneshwara are in the 20-40 age group. The entry age is 21, but it is relaxed to 18 for those whose fathers are members of lodges.Mohan is associated with a project that provides solar power to villages across the country. He attributes the growth in membership to open sessions with families and the public at large by the Grand Lodge of India. \"We are becoming more open. At Om Vigneshwara, we have two family meets every year,\" he says.Masons get little time to learn about each other in the formal environs of the lodge, so members like Mahendra Jogani are trying to encourage social interaction through initiatives like the Freemasons Family Circle. The Freemasons Family Circle has 300 members in Chennai.\"This is an infor mal body, and is not affiliated to freemasonr y. T he whole objective is to provide a platform for family and social bonding,\" he says.Thirty-nine-year-old Peeyush Sinha, also known as 'green mason', was drawn into the fold after hearing about the masons from friends abroad. The diamond trader joined the freemasons three months ago but says he has still not been exposed to all the rituals of the society.\"There were a lot of queries initially. They were clarified during the first two meetings. Discussions largely centre on societal change and it is very enriching,\" he says. Religion and politics are taboo subjects. Sinha belongs to Patel Fulchand Lodge, which has 30 members of whom he is the youngest.Meetings in lodges occur once a month and last two to three hours.Rituals relate to the order and procedure for entry into the lodge, risings, order and routine for retirement from the lodge and farewells among other things.\"Google may have put some of our secrets out in the open, but no one can know what we are really all about without becoming a mason,\" says Jogani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749397", "title": "Expert: Early diagnosis can cure cancer", "text": "BHOPAL: Mouth cancer is the leading cancer among males, while breast cancer tops among women . The number of incidence of cancer cases among males and females was 1,487 and 1,441 cases respectively in the state, according to the 2009-10 data of the Bhopal Cancer Registry released by a city doctor on the eve of World Cancer Day.Dr T P Sahoo, oncologist and head of haemotology department, Chirayu Medical College and Hospital said at a seminar on the eve of Wolrd Cancer Day that early diagnosis and proper treatment could save 30 to 40% of lives hit by cancer. He added that it is only by every person, organisation and government individually doing their part that the world will be able to reduce premature deaths due to cancer and other non-communicable diseases (NCDs) by 25% by 2025.Observance of World Cancer Day is led by the International Union against Cancer (UICC), a global consortium of more than 350 cancer-fighting organizations in over 100 countries.According to statistics, each year 12.7 million people discover they have cancer and 7.6 million people die of disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11749784", "title": "1500-year-old Savanur trees draw believers in hordes", "text": "HUBLI: People from far and near flock to three giant trees on the premises of the Doddahunasemutt in Savanur, about 45km from here in the firm belief that their medicinal properties will rub off on them.These trees, called Doddahunase mara in the region, are known as Baobab trees usually found in Africa and rather rare in India. They're protected by fencing with the help of the tourism department and are numbered 1, 2 and 3.People believe that food kept under these trees doesn't get spoiled and if a dead body is kept there, it doesn't decompose. This has not been rigorously documented or scientifically verified.Seer Channabasava Swami of the mutt said, \"We have already conducted extensive research on these trees in association with the botanical department which said these trees are 1,500 years old and are originally from Africa. The trunk looks like a bottle.\"He said, \"Legend has it that Lord Srikrishna brought these trees from Africa and planted them in Savanur during Dwaparyuga. Another legend has it that Saint Ghorakhnath on his journey planted these trees here about 2000 years ago. They have played a vital role in curing people of many diseases.\"Visitors from other states, including politicians and movie actors, worship these trees as they believe that their wishes will be fulfilled. The Ghorak fruits are also worshipped.\"Every day, thousands of people visit this place. The government should take measures to construct a yatri niwas and provide other facilities. I've requested the chief minister about this,\" he added.Basavaraj Hiremath, social worker of Hangal and frequent visitor, said: \"I found peace of mind after worshipping these trees and am much healthier too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "11748271", "title": "Team Anna asks voters to exercise right to reject", "text": "FAIZABAD: Team Anna core team member and former IPS officer Kiran Bedi on Wednesday, while addressing a public meeting organised by India Against Corruption urged the public to use \"O\" form during the polling to exercise their right to reject the contestants in order to register their opposition against the politicians over the issue of corruption.Urging the gathering of about 3,000 people at historical Gulabari ground in Faizabad she appealed to voters for those who are secular and non-criminals. \"The elections of Uttar Pradesh will lead to the future of the country and the nation's development depends on this state,\" she said.Accused of playing in the hands of RSS and BJP forces, this time Team Anna did major changes in the outlook of stage and speakers. As along with the photographs of Anna, Bhagat Singh and Gandhi a big portrait of Ashfaq Ullah Khan, a famous revolutionary was also installed. This time some prominent Muslim faces were also invited on the stage to spread the message that RSS is not behind Anna.The public meeting was presided over by Professor Tariq Sayeed, the head of the Urdu department in local Saked degree college. Among the main speakers include Mufti Shamim Qasmi, a religious scholar of Darul Uloom Deoband and former MP Ilyas Azami. Speaking on the occasion farmer leader Sunilam criticised Ayodhya sitting MLA who is winning for the last five terms and the issue of development has lost behind caste and religionUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749465", "title": "Contaminated water supplied in Jaripatka", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) completed repairs to the system and resumed water supply in East, South and North Nagpur on Friday.NMC had stopped the supply to almost half the city on February 1 for undertaking some repair works. \"The repair works were completed on time on pipeline from Kanhan treatment plant,\" said executive engineer Shashikant Hastak.NGO Jan Akrosh lodged a complaint of contaminated water supply a resident in Jaripatka.\"Dr Bhojwani complained of foul coming from water. I collected a sample and handed it over to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal who directed Hastak to check and solve the problem. The colour of the water is not normal. It may cause illness,\" said Jan Akrosh secretary Ravindra Kaskhedikar.Hastak said he had directed the officials at Asi Nagar Zone to go to the complainant's house and check the water. \"We will resolve the issue on Saturday,\" he said. Meanwhile, the water works department has revised the timings to accept the water bills.Now, bills will be accepted at zone offices and also head office of department in Dharampeth between 9am and 4pm excluding lunch time 1pm to 1.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748807", "title": "2G order puts users on the blink", "text": "KOLKATA: Cell phone users in the city and beyond were clueless and confused about their fate following Thursday's Supreme Court order cancelling 2G licences in several circles, including Kolkata and West Bengal. Nearly 1 crore subscribers of five telecom operators - MTS, Idea, Uninor, Loop and Videocon - are expected to be affected by the court order.According to the order, the operators have to wind up operations in 122 circles in which licences have been cancelled. This means their subscribers have to shift to other operators or risk disconnection.Ashutosh College student Sharmila Roy, who had opted for Uninor because it offered tariff lower than leading players Vodafone, Airtel , Tata Docomo and CellOne, was shocked when she heard the news. \"I have to obviously shift to another cellular operator. But I am unlikely to get the attractive plan that Uninor had offered. That means my phone bill will go up. The biggest hassle is documentation for the shift. If the process is not streamlined, it will cause a lot of problems for subscribers,\" she said.Like Roy, scores of cellular subscribers either dialled helplines or visited nearby customer care centres for some clarity on the issue. There are several worried on how and where to apply for switching to another operator; when to do so and how long it will take; nature of the new plan and how much more the bill will be.It's not just them who are worried. Subscribers of other operators are also worried that the likes of Vodafone, Airtel, Tata Docomo and Aircel will raise tariff as competition constricts. \"There are rumours doing the rounds that call and SMS charges will go up,\" Tata Docomo subscriber Suromona Dasgupta said.While many subscribers had serious concerns, there were several others who were blissfully ignorant of the judgment. St Xavier's College third-year student Mohammed Samim was shocked to learn that the services would cease in a few months. \"I had no idea about any verdict on cellular service. What is 2G anyway? By when do I have to switch a new operator?\" he wondered aloud.Cellular Operators' Association of India (COAI) director-general Rajan Mathews allayed fears and said there would be no immediate impact given the transition time given by the court. \"Companies will come out with statements and policies. A clearer picture should emerge in a couple of weeks,\" he said.In Bengal, Uninor has the biggest subscriber base among the affected operators. Of its 50 lakh users in Bengal, 15 lakh are in Kolkata. Idea has 30 lakh subscribers in the state, of which 11 lakh are in the city.The Supreme Court order cancelling 122 licenses has also raised deep trust-related issues about stakeholders involved in the troubled telecom brands. According to a study titled 'The Brand Trust Report (BTR) India Study, 2012' which compares brand trust on a 61-component matrix and ranks the top 1,000 brands in terms of trust, the verdict would dent of a lot of trust from the brands.\"The telecom growth is nothing short of a revolution. Telecom has left no life untouched. The Supreme Court judgment will definitely impact the consumers, but the bigger and deeper damage has been done to the trust that these brands evoke. The brand trust of the impacted brands is bound to be severely affected,\" TRA chief executive officer N Chandramouli said.Mathews, however, felt that since almost all players had been hit by the court verdict, Indian subscribers will learn to live with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749643", "title": "GMR campaign a wake up call for Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: When Multimodal International Hub and Airport at Nagpur (MIHAN) is ready to take off, it better be prepared for some competition. Hyderabad-based GMR which has taken over that city's airport has massive plans to enter cargo hub business. Its advantage over Nagpur is already developed infrastructure. The company recently launched the Fly Via Hyderabad campaign marketing the airport itself as a product.GMR claims due to low congestion and speedy process, Hyderabad can be a transit destination to fly to other centres in south and central India as well as internationally. The company is wooing passengers by showcasing the choice of airlines using the airport as well as new infrastructure. There are similar plans on the cargo front too.GMR CEO Vikram Jaisighani, who was in city on a promotional tour, said the company currently handled 85,000 tones of cargo through sources like airport bellies and dedicated freighters. It was aiming at 20% annual growth. A full-fledged effort is expected to be launched within a year and a half. Unlike the Fly Via Hyderabad campaign, it would be not targeted at general public but at market intermediaries like logistics players, freight agents.The company is already has a certified cold storage for pharmaceutical industry which will provide a chunk of the air cargo. Hyderabad already has several pharma industries that provide the initial cargo to take-off, he said. There are plans to start road feeder services covering GMR's catchment area that extends deep in the South. The airport will also offer services to transport containers, said Jaisinghani.\"Cargo is expected to be generated from south as well as central India including Nagpur, until at least the city comes up with its own cargo facility,\" he added. Mihan is also largely based on a similar plan of attracting passengers as well as cargo.Vilas Kale, former president of Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED), accepted that GMR would pose competition to Mihan. \"However, competition is good. Now MIL should also scout for an airline that would make Nagpur its hub. The city's advantage over Hyderabad is that being in the centre, it covers a larger area that is seeing economic activity these days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747328", "title": "India has better chance in fight against cancer", "text": "MUMBAI: Three months back, an Oxford University team started an ambitious study to pinpoint why the incidence of cancer in India was lower than in the West. The study will look at whether a more-vegetarian-than-non-vegetarian diet and early marriage do the trick for Indians.Compared to the West, cancer incidence in India is lower. \"In the US, 230 women per million get breast cancer every year. In contrast, the corresponding figure is 110 women in urban India. In rural India, the incidence goes down to around 50,\" said Dr Suresh Advani, a leading oncologist. The Oxford study will take more than a couple of years to give concrete answers, but it could help the world work out anti-cancer measures.But in sheer numbers, India's cancer chart looks worrisome. Medical oncologist Dr Maheboob Basade from Jaslok Hospital said India, Pakistan and Bangladesh account for nearly 20% of the world's population. \"But in less than 10 years, this region will be home to more than 50% of the world's cancer cases,\" said the doctor, who represents the subcontinent at the European Society of Medical Oncology.Doctors also point out that India's annual incidence of cancer stands at 10 lakh new cases, but the figure could balloon in the next decade. \"Obesity is one of the causes for cancer. So is junk food and tobacco. Each of these factors is growing in our country,\" said a senior doctor.But the picture is not all bleak. In the last five years, the availability of newer drugs and machines have meant that more cancers are being cured. \"We are able to save only 50% of the breast cancer patients who come to us.Around 80% of the children who come to us with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia are cured and live long and normal lives,\" said Dr Advani. Raheja Fortis Hospital in Mahim, for instance, has a contraption that gives radiation even while the cancer is being surgically removed from a breast; in other words, the woman doesn't need to undergo weeks of radiation.\"Every cancer cell has some unique target either on the cell surface or inside. This target can be either used for diagnosis or treatment. Of late, we have better understanding of the biology of the disease. Imatinib is the first targeted drug used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia. Survival rates have reached 90% as against 20% at the end of five years,\" Dr Basade said. There have been similar developments in the treatment of head and neck cancer.The message that doctors want to give on World Cancer Day, Saturday, is that cancer is curable if detected early.\"A lump in the breast doesn't mean it is cancer, but a woman needs to rule out breast cancer. Ditto with unusual bleeding or chronic difficulty in swallowing,\" Dr Advani said.Doctors also underlined the need to change one's lifestyle. A high-fibre diet is the best way to keep colon cancer at bay. Keeping away from tobacco products almost nullifies the chances of oral cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749747", "title": "Sonali rejection rings in early celebrations for BJP's Vishakha", "text": "NAGPUR: Celebrations began in the BJP camp after the victory of it's woman candidate Vishakha Maind was confirmed from Prabhag number 52 (A) as her only opponent Sonali Gattlewar's nomination form was rejected after she failed to attach the caste validity certificate.However, the joy was short-lived as its sitting corporation from Timki Ward might miss his chance to contest the NMC election from Mahatma Gandhi prabhag if he fails to submit the caste validity certificate in two days.Gandhibagh zone's returning officer Manoj Deshkar asked BJP corporator Rajesh Ghodpage the reason why his nomination form should not be rejected as he has failed to submit caste validity certificate.However, the RO has given him two days time - after he had appealed to the high court for a stay - to submit his validity certificate or his nomination form will be considered as invalid, confirmed a senior official from the zone office.On Friday, the NMC rejected as many as 100 nomination forms. The highest number of invalid nomination forms were from the Gandhibagh zone (17). It was followed by Ashi Nagar zone (12), Satranjipura (11), Dhantoli (9), Lakadganj (8), seven each at Nehru Nagar and Shanti Nagar zones, Hanuman Nagar (6), Laxmi Nagar (5), Narendra Nagar (4) and Dharampeth (3).Nomination forms of eunuchs Uttam Sapan Senapati and Vidya Kamble too were rejected. After forms of two eunuchs were rejected, a delegation of eunuchs including Uttam Senapati and Vidya Kamble met the municipal commissioner and submitted a memorandum.Uttam Senapati's nomination form was rejected since she mentioned herself as a 'woman' in the gender column of the form, while voter card shows her as a male. Similarly, Vidya Kamble has failed to attach her voter ID number while submitting the nomination form.However, to lodge their protests over rejection of their nomination forms, eunuchs will hold a demonstration outside the NMC office in Civil Lines on Saturday at 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748672", "title": "Man hurt in fire at house, family suspects foul play", "text": "CHENNAI: A man was injured when he tried to switch off the power supply after a fire broke out in his house and gutted three bikes in MGR Nagar early on Friday. The family claimed the fire was not an accident.Ragu Sankar, 51, a project executive in Radaan Mediaworks, sustained a burn injury on the side of his face. Sankar's 12-year-old daughter noticed the smoke around 1.30am and woke up her family. Sankar and his family live on the ground floor of the house, while his brother Suresh and his family live on the first floor.The fire was put out by pouring water and sand before the fire and rescue services personnel reached.Suresh's wife Lakshmi said, \"We have been living here for four decades. One of the neighbours encroached upon our land and tried to construct a building a year ago. We got officials to stop the work. The fire was not an accident. We have complained to the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11750459", "title": "Pak rights activist files plea for release of 33 Indian prisoners", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistani human rights activist and advocate Awais Sheikh has filed a petition against the secretary of the country's foreign affairs department in Lahore high court for release of 74 foreign prisoners including 33 Indians. He has also blamed the secretary for not releasing them despite orders from the court. He stated in his petition that this amounted to contempt of court.Sheikh had earlier taken up the case of Sarabjit Singh , who had been languishing in Kot Lakhpat Jail of Pakistan for more than two decades.Sheikh told TOI on Friday that on October 26, 2011, he had filed a petition in court under Article 199 of Constitution of Islamic Republic of Pakistan seeking release of two Indian prisoners, Karalae Bhanudas and Satinderpal Singh, who had completed their jail terms.He said that in reply to his petition, superintendent of Lahore jail appeared in court and apart from confirming that both of them had served their imprisonment, said there were 74 more prisoners including 33 Indians who had completed their respective sentences.\"The court had directed secretary (foreign affairs) to release all 74 prisoners, but now, three months later, court's orders have not been implemented,\" he rued.Sheikh said when he reminded the secretary about the release of these prisoners he was told that only one Indian convict, Satinderpal Singh, had been freed.\"This is willful disobedience of lawful order of high court,\" he said. Sheikh added that chief justice of Lahore high court had also observed in his orders, \"Further detention of foreign prisoners who have served out their sentences would be in contravention of international law.\"Sheikh said even the chief justice had directed authorities concerned with release of foreign prisoners to not care about usual formalities to impede the process and instead, advised them to make all out efforts for their quick release.In similar circumstances, Supreme Court of India had, on January 24, directed Centre to deport five Pakistani prisoners, who had completed their jail sentence, within a month of the order. SC had also ordered deportation of other foreign nationals within a month of their finishing their jail sentences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749737", "title": "Mario Moraes quits Cong to contest polls as TCM candidate", "text": "MARGAO: Mario Moraes, former political secretary of Cuncolim MLA Joaquim Alemao, resigned from the Congress party on Friday, and will now contest the upcoming elections as a Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Cuncolim.\"I took this extreme step due to the selfish and ignorant attitude of the present Cuncolim MLA, who has suppressed the original workers of the party,\" said Moraes.He said that citizens of Cuncolim had convened a meeting this Sunday to unite all the groups to support a single candidate against the sitting MLA.However, sources said that Moraes's decision to join the TMC was expected, given that Moraes had been making references to TMC long before they had announced plans for Goa.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11748783", "title": "Scrapyard catches fire", "text": "MYSORE: A scrapyard which caught fire in Metagalli police limits created tension among the people in the vicinity on Friday. However, the raging fire was put off and possible danger was averted by fire personnel.A thick cloud of smoke enveloped the area near a tyre factory on KRS road following the mishap around 1.30pm. Timely intervention by fire personnel prevented danger. Totally six fire engines were pressed into service to douse the fire in the nearly an-hour-long operation. Fire officers say the rubber materials stored in the yard caught fire. They said that there were no casualties reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11750595", "title": "41 suspects in boy's murder case", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: The district police have started getting DNA tests done on the 41 teenaged boys suspected for the murder of a 11-year-old boy in January 2011. Victim Deepak was found murdered at ward number 4 of Ladwa sub-urban township of Kurukshetra, and had been reportedly subjected to unnatural treatment.A police team headed by SHO of Ladwa Satish Kumar produced the suspects in the court of judicial magistrate first class, who granted permission for the DNA tests. The SHO said, \"DNA samples shall be sent for analysis to the forensic scientific laboratory, Madhuban.\" According to information, the 41 boys included Deepak's friends and his relatives. Victim's father Ilam Singh said he hoped the case would be cracked soon and the guilty punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748572", "title": "Meta-university may start from next academic session: Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: HRD minister Kapil Sibal announced here on Friday that a network of universities, forming a meta-university, will allow students to pick courses from across disciplines from different institutions from the coming academic session (2012-13).He explained that this would reinterpret the concept of a university as not just a traditional, physical space of learning, but as a repository of knowledge and information that can be delivered in multiple ways and can be accessed from anywhere and anytime.Addressing a conference on 'One Globe 2012: Uniting Knowledge Communities' organized by US-India Business Council , Sibal said: \"The 21st century meta-university would be a network and an ecosystem rather than a single brick and mortar space. Though the internet and technology are fundamental to this conception of the meta-university, at the crux is not a new technology but a 'new pedagogy' that is more in tune with the requirements of the knowledge society of the 21st century.\" Ten foreign universities that the Institute of International Education is bringing from the US are participating in the two-day conference.Referring to the announcement made by the PM two months ago on the formation of a meta-university with the broadband backbone linking institutions of excellence in specific fields of knowledge, Sibal added: \"To give this idea a shape we have mounted a National Mission on Education through ICT to link in 25,000 colleges and 2,000 polytechnics for enabling e-learning and content sharing.\"The minister said that there is a need to open the doors to reputed foreign education institutions to usher in global competition in the higher education sector as well as to expand its base. He said that the government is seeking to open up establishment of foreign educational institutions in India through enactment of a Foreign Education Providers Act, which will allow for 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) in higher education.Stressing on the need for the participation of the private sector to give a boost to the gross enrolment ratio, Sibal urged to increase it from existing 15% to 30% by next eight years. Hence, the aim is to raise the present 16 million enrolment in higher education to 42 million by 2020. \"A second wave of creating institution of excellence has been initiated by starting eight Indian Institute of Technologies, five Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research, 16 central universities, two schools of Planning and Architecture, three Indian Institutes of Management, and 10 National Institutes of Technologies. The 14 innovation universities are also on anvil for setting up benchmarks in education and research. We are also aiming to establish at least 50 research parks for quality research programs. But, we are depending heavily on the private sector to come forward and participate in this endeavour,\" Sibal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747881", "title": "1 held in 2006 murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-year-old murder case has been solved with the arrest of one Mohammed Arif on Thursday, cops said.Arif (24), of Shastri Park, was nabbed for murdering one Abrar Ahmed in 2006. Cops said Arif alleged Abrar, his neighbour, had been stalking his sister. Even after her marriage, Abrar continued to stalk her.On December 6, 2006, Arif and his cousin cajoled Abrar to accompany them to Mewat. Once there, Arif killed Abrar with a butcher's knife and severed his head from the body. They dumped the body and the knife in a nearby well and threw the head in another well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11748761", "title": "10 AIISH centres connected digitally", "text": "MYSORE: Students of diploma in hearing, language and speech of 10 remote centres of the All India Speech and Hearing (AIISH) located in different parts of the country, is now connected to AIISH digital library, which comprises 62 international journals, 138 e-books, international databases and access to National Media Library through the internet.Ministry of health and family welfare additional secretary Keshav Desiraju inaugurated the network link between AIISH (Mysore) and its 10 remote centres here in AIISH premises on Friday.This will facilitate students of AIISH centres, who can now on watch live clinical activities performed in AIISH (Mysore), from their respective places. The network works on ITALC software which has been installed in all centres, explained Ajish K Abraham, reader and head of department of electronics, AIISH.This network link between centres will not only help students for their academics, but it will also help the public, since professionals sitting at AIISH campus here can operate equipment of the 10 centres and provide tele-rehabilitation and tele-diagnosis services to people.Keshav Desiraju said unfortunately, there are only a few institutes like AIISH in the country. The network link to remote centres is an excellent concept and this linkage facility should be upgraded with more intensity for better quality of work. All the institutions should recognize its benefits, he said.Meanwhile, Union additional director general of health services, B D Athani said students in remote areas can enjoy network link facility. In the years to come, it will play a significant role in the field of telemedicine. \"We have shortage of manpower but a concept like this signifies the success of science. Hence, more concepts like this should come up to train health care professions to provide better health service to people,\" he stated.The 10 remote centres of AIISH include RML in New Delhi, AIIPMR in Mumbai, CSMMU in Lucknow and others. AIISH director Dr Savithri was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748843", "title": "CID may question former minister in Iron ore scam", "text": "KOLKATA: With two IAS officers already in custody, the CID is now zeroing in on a former minister for his alleged role in the iron ore scam in which West Bengal Essential Commodities Supply Corporation Ltd lost more than Rs 300 crore.Investigators have reasons to believe that most of the board members were aware of the financial irregularities. Significantly, the minister in charge of food department is the ex-officio chairman of the board and he can't deny his role in such important decisions, hinted a CID officer. He confirmed that they may question the then minister after going through the records.Records say the decision of supplying iron ore to some Chinese firms was taken during the tenure of Kalimuddin Shams and it was operation in the end of 2004 during formerForward Bloc MLA and then minister Naren De's regime.According to the formation of Corporation's board of directors, the minister-in-charge acts as the chairman and the managing director is the ex-officio secretary. Apart from the duo, a bureaucrat from the finance department and the principal secretary of the food department are the members of the board.The investigators claimed that a few members of the board pointed out some financial irregularities in export business, but the influential section of the board ignored their objection and allowed the corporation to pay five installments to the shipping company in advance.When contacted, former food minister Naren De said , \"I took charge after Kalimuddin Shams and it is true that during my tenure the export was done. If CID wants to interrogate me, I would cooperate.\"The investigators said that along with De, they may speak to his successor Paresh Adhikary since the scam was detected during his tenure.\"In May 2006, I took charge and I was informed about the scam after few months. I ordered an inquiry and found some of our employees involved. Police complaint was made in 2007,\" said Adhikary.He hinted that several documents related to the scam are missing and it was spotted during the departmental inquiry. CID officers also admitted that some crucial documents are missing including some financial detail and some letters. \"We are trying to recover the lost documents that may provide fresh clues,\" said another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747506", "title": "2G verdict: SC's backing for auctions leaves Centre fretting", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after welcoming the Supreme Court verdict in the 2G scam case, the government seemed to be worried about the implications of the order on the policies followed for allocating scarce resources such as minerals and coal and also for special rights such as licences for the financial sector.The biggest worry seemed to be the court virtually enshrining auction as the fundamental principle of resource allocation, while junking the \"first come-first served\" policy as arbitrary and inherently flawed. The order has come at a time when the government is itself transitioning from the FCFS to the auction regime for several resources, ranging from spectrum and oil and gas to coal, minerals and even forest rights. But while it would have preferred to calibrate the switch, its fear is that the process will have to be hastened in light of the order.The conversion to auction regime will require many laws and regulations to be re-worked to dodge the risk of legal disputes over allocations made on the basis of existing rules.Apart from the cross-sectoral concern, government is also having to worry about the ramifications of the judgment on the telecom sector in particular as it feels that it may hasten the demise of one paisa-a minute tariff regime -- the chief factor behind the dramatic growth of the sector and why it is seen as a success story. The government is also worried about likely cartelization as cancellation of licences may lead to the incumbents getting entrenched and with the means to tilt the field.Although some of the big players benefited from FCFS in spectrum allocation, the court said that its verdict would not extend to licences given prior to 2008 since the companies were not party to the dispute. However, sources in the government feel that this does not insulate the older licences from being challenged by someone who may invoke Thursday's strike against the FCFS policy.The government is averse to seeking a review largely because of political reasons. First, the timing: it will not like to oppose a verdict which has been hailed as a blow to corruption, especially when the trophy of UP is at stake. Second, it has publicly welcomed the order for its positive feature: that Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said jailed former telecom minister A Raja acted unilaterally. A piecemeal reaction to the same will not work.Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Friday said in Hyderabad that the government may seek a review of the judgment. But official sources clarified that these views did not reflect the government's position, and that reservations about moving the SC for a relook at the case by a full bench was still not deemed to be a feasible option, if only because of political reasons.Government sources said the group of ministers on corruption has already endorsed the Ashok Chawla committee recommendations on allocation of natural resources including coal, minerals, spectrum, oil and gas, land, forest rights and even water. \"The view is that the policy should be converted into rules and regulations that are justiciable,\" said a source.In sectors like coal, sources said, even coal blocks have been identified and the only thing now left is to fix the reserve price for which an exercise is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11749691", "title": "Nitish against retrospective power tariff hike", "text": "GAYA: Making a spirited plea for the protection of power users' interests, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Friday opposed the practice of enhancement of tariff and fuel surcharge with retrospective effect. Addressing a national-level meet of the state electricity regulatory commission heads at Bodh Gaya, the CM asked power regulators to submit their reports in time and stop the practice of imposing burden on power users with retrospective effect.He also said that power users cannot be made to pay for the lack of efficiency and professionalism of the people engaged in power generation, transmission and distribution. The CM reiterated that Bihar wanted to go forward in the power sector and adequate central assistance was required to achieve the set goals.NTPC was not providing enough power to the state and as such, with the permission of the regulatory commission, the BSEB was purchasing power from other sources to meet the minimum power requirements of the state. Lauding the efforts for popularizing the non-conventional and renewable sources of power, the CM called for steps to bring down their costs from the present almost prohibitive levels. Earlier, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav said that despite power sector reforms, different electricity boards were incurring losses to the tune of Rs75,000 crore and Maharashtra, the frontrunner in power sector reforms, alone incurred an annual loss of Rs17,000 crore.He also criticized the freight equalization policy and said that states like Tamil Nadu were getting coal at a cheaper rate compared to Bihar, and also raised the issue of coal linkages. No investment in the power sector was made in Bihar after 1977, he said. The minister also said that Bihar needed special assistance for the development of power sector.Raising the issue of electricity supply to BPL families, he wanted to know who will foot their power bill. The state was committed to provide power to all its citizens. Yadav also said that Bihar had only 19% urban population and, as such, the state was faced with problems different from the more developed and urbanized states.Electricity regulators from 25 state/joint electricity regulatory commissions are attending the meet to discuss options for the expansion of non-conventional and renewable sources of power, limitations of the conventional energy sources in meeting the growing requirement for power, dwindling resources like coal and petroleum products and the apprehensions raised in regard to atomic power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11752782", "title": "CoBRA force moves out of Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: CoBRA, the elite battalion of armed forces - in other words -- the Combat Battalion for Resolute Action is moving out of Bengal. The elite forces are not needed because things are quiet on the Jangalmahal front after the killing of Maoist politburo leader Kishenji.Some CoBRA teams have already moved out of Bengal to the neighbouring Jharkhand which has been under Maoist attack. Teams of CoBRA were sent to Jharkhand after Maoists carried a landmine blast in Garhwa district, killing 13 policemen from Bhandaria police station. Two other CoBRA teams were sent to Delhi in the face of security threat during the Republic Day programmes.Sources at Writers' Buildings revealed that the ministry of home affairs (MHA) has written to the Bengal government about withdrawing the CoBRA battalion from the state \"since forces can't be sitting idle when they are urgently needed elsewhere.\"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , too, didn't see why she should retain the elite forces at a time when there are clear-cut intelligence reports on Maoists lying low in the three insurgency affected districts of Bankura, Purulia and West Midnapore. Of course, the reports also stressed on the Maoists regrouping and waiting for the opportune moment to strike back , even as the timing may not be any time soon.As of today, out of 18 teams that were part of the battalion operational in Bengal, only six are stationed in Jangalmahal, the Maoist zone in Bengal. The teams that were sent to Jharkhand are participating in a combing operation post the Maoists strike in the state.\"The CoBRA team with its superior training is needed for this combing operation in Jharkhand, so we had no reason to retain them back in Bengal,\" a CRPF official posted in Bengal told TOI.The elite force has been part of the anti Maoist operations in Bengal since June 2009. Some of these commandos were pulled out of Jangalmahal earlier in July 2011 when the chief minister offered the olive branch to Maoists. The peace initiative eventually fizzed out and an all-out retaliation took place culminating in the killing of Kishenji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "garbeta", "code": "11748733", "title": "Long battle ahead: Susanta wife", "text": "GARBETA: There wasn't any jubilation or any public display of emotion at CPM MLA Susanta Ghosh's home after he was granted bail on Friday.Instead somber faces greeted reporters in this non-descript Garbeta home. The only break from routine was a few motorcycles parked outside the house and a clutch of grim faced men huddled inside.An 80-year-old woman sat in the courtyard, trying to explain everyone how keen she is to meet her elder son. Early Friday morning, the visitors started arriving and told Susanta's mother, Mrinmoyee Ghosh, to keep an eye on the television. She permitted herself a smile when the news broke that Susanta would be released on bail after nearly six months in custody.\"I am very happy. I will finally get to see him. I had last seen him when he had stopped over during the last elections (May 2011 assembly poll). I want to go and meet him tomorrow itself, but my failing health doesn't permit it. I am sure he will come to meet me,\" Mrinmoyee said.Was she aware that Susanta would get bail today? \"No. But I was told today was a very important day. I was asked to keep a close watch on the television. I fasted the entire day, praying to the Lord Almighty. I took some food only when I heard the news on television. These are very difficult times for us,\" she said, pausing for a breath.Life has been very difficult for the family ever since locals and policemen dug up five skeletons from a canal-side grove, barely 1.5km from Susanta Ghosh's house, on June 4 last year.Mrinmoyee's younger son Prasanta fled immediately after the discovery of the skeletons and Susanta was arrested. Prasanta is also implicated in the case by CID and is listed as a fugitive. His house, adjoining his mothers', has been sealed by police on a court order.Prasanta's wife Arati doesn't stay there. Susanta's wife Karuna keeps in touch with Arati and Mrinmoyee over phone. A CPM district committee member, Karuna stays in Chandrakona. Susanta's distant sister-in-law, Anima, is staying with Mrinmoyee to take care of her.\"Karuna didn't call me today. I didn't speak to her either. For all the pain and ignominy she has undergone, she needs a few moments of solitude and peace today,\" said the caring mother-in-law.Karuna didn't show any emotion even on this day. \"This was a case of political victimisation. We all knew that in the end, we will overcome it. There is a long battle ahead. The party is behind us.\" Anima said, \"These days have been very tough for us. The neighbours refused to speak; very few people came to our home. Today, everything will change.\"Trinamool youth leader Shyamal Acharya, whose complainant landed Susanta in the dock, plans to take the fight further. DNA tests have proven that one of the skeletons recovered was his father's. \"I intend to appeal in Supreme Court. Susanta Ghosh had masterminded the massacre. If he remains outside, it will have a bearing on the trials. I will speak to my party leaders and seek their advice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748905", "title": "Fishermen traced to Bangladesh island", "text": "KOLKATA: Six days after being taken hostage by a band of pirates mid-sea last Friday, 10 fishermen and the driver on board have been found safe in a Bangladeshi island of the Sunderbans. However, mystery shrouds the whereabouts of the pirates and whether they freed their hostages or the victims overpowered them.After sailing for six days on the Bay of Bengal , trawler Ma Tara ran out of fuel and floated mid-sea for a few nautical miles before docking at Shilar Chor Island in Bangladesh on Thursday evening.After spending the night in the trawler, its driver Narayan Das and other fishermen got off and began walking through the forest in Shilar Chor on Friday morning. Soon, they hit a road, raising their hope of finding human habitat on the island. They then met guards of the Bangladeshi forest department patrolling along the road. The fishermen were then taken to the forest office after being questioned. An officer there assured them all help and allowed Das to make a call to his owner Ranjit Halder in Kakdwip, South 24-Parganas.\"We spoke for just seven minutes and the phone link apparently snapped. He told me that he and his passengers were safe and in good health. The trawler too was safe. I would have asked him about the pirates but the line snapped. I have been trying to call back at the number but am not getting through,\" said Halder.Later, the Kakdwip Fishermen's Unnayan Samity secretary Bijon Maity managed to get through to the Shilar Chor forest office number in Bangladesh's Bagerhat district. He was told that Das and his passengers had been taken to the local Sharom Khola police station.\"We are trying to verify this information and are contacting the Bangladesh authorities to bring them back,\" said South 24-Parganas district magistrate Narayan Swarup Nigam.A band of 17 brigands attacked three of 12 fishing trawlers that had sailed out to sea from Kakdwip on January 26 with a large group of fishermen, each carrying 10-12 of them. After a night halt at Kendo Island in the Sunderbans that night, the fishermen sailed out the next morning when three trawlers -- Ma basanti I, Ma Basanti II and Ma Tara -- fell behind the others. Seizing the moment, a band of 17 pirates hiding in the forests on Kendo Island boarded their mechanized boat and waylaid the three trawlers. The brigands launched a fierce attack with firearms after splitting themselves into groups that boarded all three trawlers.Three fishermen on board the Ma Basanti I trawler were killed in indiscriminate firing by the brigands while fishermen on board the Ma Basanti II trawler managed to overpower five of their attackers who were later arrested.On sighting police patrol boats heading towards them, 12 of the pirates sped away on board Ma Tara and their mechanized boat, taking 11 people hostage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11748827", "title": "Cong MLA held for morphing Lokayukta picture", "text": "BHOPAL: Firebrand Congress legislator, Dr Kalpana Parulekar, was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Madhya Pradesh police on Friday on the charge of circulating an allegedly morphed photograph of the Lokayukta, Justice P P Naolekar, showing him sporting the RSS uniform.After her arrest, she was produced before a court, which sent her to judicial custody till Feb 17.Earlier, Parulekar was arrested from Mahidpur in Ujjain around 3 PM, Additional Director General of Police (CID) M R Krishna said.The Congress leader has been charged under IPC sections 471 (Using forged document as genuine), 473 (Making or possessing counterfeit seal etc), 473 (counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents) and 469 (forgery for the purpose of harming reputation).Besides, cases under section 66A ( using computers for sending offensive messages) and under 66C (Punishment for identity theft) under the the Information Technology Amendment Act (ITAA 2008) have also been slapped on the MLA.Opposition leader Ajay Singh accused the BJP government of vendetta alleging that the arrest was aimed at 'silencing' the opposition before the assembly's budget session beginning on February 21. He alleged that the Congress was demanding registration of a criminal case against a close relative of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, but the police preferred a ``counter attack'' by arresting the Congress legislator.The issue of 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption ombudsman of having RSS links.She flashed a photograph that showed him in an RSS uniform, both inside and outside the assembly, alleging that the BJP government did not have to worry as long as justice P P Naoelkar was the lokayukta.However, the ruling BJP hit back at the Congress alleging that the legislator had morphed Naolekar's face on a picture of RSS chief Mohan Bhagawat, and released to the media what it claimed was the original photograph of Bhagwat with the same colour and background.Subsequently, a complaint was filed with the cybercrime cell of the state police and it was later referred to the CID.Justice P P Naoelkar had denied any RSS link saying that he remembered having worn a khaki uniform only when he was a member of the National cadet corps (NCC) during his school days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747852", "title": "Acid attack plotter's mom arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Friday arrested Manju Shaikh, mother of prime accused Pintoo Shaikh, on charges of criminal conspiracy in the acid attack case.The GRP officials have also identified the man who threw acid on IT firm employee Aarti Thakur on Tuesday and are close to making an arrest. \"We know the attacker's name and suspect he lives in Malwani,\" said an official. \"No identity sketch of the attacker has been prepared yet.\"Aarti had seen a glimpse of the attacker. before her face stung with the acid. The police have so far arrested a Malwani resident, Pintoo Shaikh, who had plotted the attack on Aarti.Sleuths are going through Malwani resident Pintoo's call records to find out who all he spoke to on the day of the incident.Till earlier this year, Aarti, her mother Seema and her younger sister stayed in Malwani and were Pintoo's tenants. Following a blade attack on Aarti in November 2011, her mother thought it wise for the family to relocate to . However, within days of moving toNalasopara. In January 2012, Aarti was slashed once again, this time with a shaving razor. Both the times, Aarti could not see the attacker's face.Police officials suspect that the man who threw acid on Aarti on Tuesday was either a friend of Pintoo or was hired for the job. \"We are trying to find out if Pintoo had offered a contract for the job or roped in the assistance of a friend,\" the official said.The GRP and the railway crime branch have been combing Malwani with the acid attacker's description.The GRP are also checking whether Pintoo has a past crime record. \"So far, we have not found any case registered against Pintoo. We have, however, asked the Malwani police to check and inform us,\" a senior official said. The Malwani police had helped the GRP nab Pintoo within hours of the acid attack.Officials suspect that unrequited love to be motive behind the attack though Aarti has maintained that Pintoo objected to her friendship with his sister Ruby. The exact motive is yet to be ascertained as Pintoo hasn't been cooperating with the investigators.Incidentally, both Pintoo and Aarti do not have their fathers around while Aarti's father, Kishore , is divorced from her mother and stays separately, Pintoo's father is no more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749301", "title": "BRTS corridor work picks up speed", "text": "BHOPAL: Work on the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor has gained momentum after the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) began shifting the rotary at Lalghati Square on the Bairagarh road on Friday. Reduced in size, the rotary will now be shifted to a few meters towards Bairagarh, the BMC sources said.The BMC is shifting and reducing the size of the rotary to widen roads to facilitate completion of the BRTS corridor. The 25m diameter of Deen Dayal Upadhyay rotary will be reduced to 8 meters, officials said. The shifting of this rotary will take another two months, he added. The work on reducing the size of rotary at Shivaji Nagar began a few weeks ago. The work of reducing width of this rotary was has been put on hold making this area accident-prone. The BMC has also put road widening, stretch from board office to Habibganj station to a grinding halt, heightening the risk of accidents.\"The roads do not have proper barricades and warning signages, exposing commuters to the risk of accident during the night,\" Rohit Verma , a resident of Shivaji Nagar, said. \"If the BMC does not want to finish the road construction on time, there is no point in starting,\" a resident complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749020", "title": "State govt sitting on multi-crore rupee cattle scam", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government is straddling a possible multi-crore rupee cow scam, which has all the makings of one of the biggest rip-offs of central funds in the state.This involves the Kamdhenu Diary Scheme, under which the state received Rs 65 crore from the union government to develop dairy farming as a source of livelihood for depraved Below Poverty Line (BPL) tribal families.The money was used to buy cows from Haryana and distribute them in 11 tribal dominated districts. But some 80 per cent of the bovines died off not long after they arrived, and the rest were found hardly able to give milk anywhere close to the promised yeilds. Not surprisingly, the three-year exercise ended abruptly in less than a year.The method used was ingenious. Sources say the healthy milch cows that were officially identified for purchase from Haryana for the poor tribals in MP were just not the ones that were actually delivered. In Betul district alone, a local administration probe two years ago had found the involvement of 63 government officials in the scam.``An inquiry was conducted and the report was sent to the government,'' said Betul district collector Chandrasekhar Borkar. ``The administration wrote to the government recommending action against the large number of erring officials. I am not aware if any action has been taken, but I had since sent a reminder too,''Borkar added.The state government admits the whole scheme was a ``disaster'', but maintains that it has not been in a position to penalise anyone yet. Instead. it is blaming the centre for providing cows free to tribals, and scoffs at the very idea of expecting tribals to feed and water the cows, ``when these tribals themselves have no water to drink''.It was between April 2006 and March 2010 that the Kamdhenu Scheme, a 100 per cent centrally - sponsored programme, was floated in the state to provide livelihood to tribal BPL (below poverty line) families in Betul, Seoni, Balaghat, Mandla, Shahdol, Dhar, Jhabua, Badwani, Khargone, Khandwa and Chhindwara.Under the scheme the union government had allotted three cows each per beneficiary, with Rs 10,000 for constructing a cow shed, Rs 2,000 for training the family in dairy farming techniques and Rs 10,000 towards fodder for the initial three months.The state government was sanctioned Rs 15,000 for each cow bought for them. On an average, at least 3,000 cows were distributed in each of the 11 districts.``They gave us old cows that died within a few months,'' Sriram Barkade, resident of Makadehi village in Betul and a beneficiary, told TOI. ``We were promised cows that would yield five litres of milk a day, but when we started milking them, the yield was less than a litre.''he addedThe Madhya Pradesh Dugdh Sangh, the nodal agency for the scheme, procured the cows from Karnal in Haryana. It was claimed that each of the cows were of a ``superior breed'' that yielded no less than five litres of milk a day. But that promise turned out to be a lot of hot air, and a majority of the animals died within months.Belatedly, a state-wide investigation has now been ordered by MP's minister for animal husbandry, Ajay Vishnoi.``It is a high-level inquiry. I have sent my principal secretary, secretary and additional secretaries to get to the bottom of this,'' Vishnoi told TOI. ``I have personally visited these villages. There are a few success stories, but mostly, it has been a disaster,'' he admitted.Interestingly, the minister argued that action cannot be taken against anyone because the crux of the problem lay in the scheme being totally financed by the Centre. ``We will no longer accept 100 per cent centrally sponsored schemes. Because the funds came free, nobody bothered about proper implementation. The selection of the beneficiaries was faulty. District and janpath panchayats selected beneficiaries in remote and arid areas where there was no water or enough fodder. If the tribals themselves do not have enough water to drink, how can they be expected to provide the cows fodder and water? The beneficiaries also did not take proper care of the animals because they got them for free, '' he alleged.But the state had again asked for a fresh sanction for the same scheme, which the Centre refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11749622", "title": "Driver dies in truck-mini truck collision", "text": "GONDIA: The truck driver of a mini truck Mulchand Nandagawali (50) of Parastola village, who was seriously injured in an accident, on Wednesday night, died in rural hospital of Deori.According to sources, Mulchand had left Kakodi village in Deori tehsil around 9.30pm on February 1, with paddy for Amgaon. While his truck no. CG /04/4599 was near Bhagi village, a mini truck no. MH 19/Z/0507 coming from the opposition direction collided head on with it. The impact of the collision was such that Mulchand was crammed between wheel and the body of the truck. Although villagers took him out and admitted him in the hospital, he succumbed to his injuries.The truck driver Mungiri Gosai (50) of Gondia has also been admitted in the hospital. PSI Upadhya of Deori police station is inquiring in to the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11748495", "title": "Banks give dull response to bid for plots, say scheme costly", "text": "NOIDA: In an attempt to help displaced banks tide over sealing of their premises, the Noida Authority on Friday completed the allotment process of new commercial plots following the directions of the Supreme Court. Under the scheme, the Authority allotted plots in 23 sectors across the city. However, the number of bids made by the banks was surprisingly dismal - for the 77 plots on offer to accommodate the 104 bank branches displaced by the apex court order, the banks applied merely for 38.The State Bank of India alone bid for 19 plots while Punjab &amp; Sind Bank opted for five. Bankers attributed the same to the \"exorbitant rates\" of the Authority's new scheme and the cumbersome construction work that will have to take up on these plots to accommodate the displaced branches.\"Besides the high land cost of Rs 3-4 crore for each plot, the banks will have to put in at least another crore for construction that will also be time consuming. Adding to expenses would be the annual lease rent of Rs 10 lakh that the banks will then have to pay to the Authority for the next 11 years,\" said Lead District Manager, Arun Kumar of Syndicate Bank. \"All this money is required for just one branch. It is not wise to invest so much money on this and, hence, many banks have decided to look for space in existing commercial areas,\" he added. Bankers say that until the SC order, they had been paying between Rs 70,000 and Rs. 80,000 per month as rent in residential areas.The displaced banks who did not opt for the Authority's new scheme are now trying to rent vacant space in the earmarked commercial pockets close to residential areas. \"A lot of commercial plots have vacant or underutilized space. The challenge for us now is to find a suitable, large enough spot to shift our operations within the six week period given to us by the court,\" said a Karur Vyasa Bank official.Many banks are also contemplating shifting their operations to vacant plots in urban villages where the Authority permits commercial activity in 50 per cent of the total area. Besides being close to residential sectors, these areas offer vacant space at comparatively cheaper rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748128", "title": "High court issues notices to Peace Party leaders", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a setback to the Peace Party, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Friday issued notices to its national president Dr Mohd Ayub, state president Dr Abdul Mannan and Kanpur Nagar divisional president Shakir Ali Usmani for allegedly forcing its candidate to deposit heavy amount in the party fund for allotting him its party symbol to contest the assembly election.The next hearing in this matter will take place on February 29. A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice SC Chaurasia passed the above order on a writ petition filed by party candidate from Govindnagar assembly constituency in Kanpur. The petitioner stated that the Peace Party has finalised more than 300 candidates in various constituencies and demanded Rs 5-20 lakh from each candidate in order to motivate minority community voters in their favour.The petitioner also narrated that he took membership of the party on January 6, 2012 on persuasion of senior Peace Party leaders, and deposited Rs 1.11 lakh in the party fund and received coupon. The senior party leaders persuaded him to contest the ongoing assembly election on Peace Party and finally on January 9, 2012, Usmani and Kanpur city president Moinuddin alias Mainu Bhai issued him the declaration letter of the party and authorised Balbir Singh Chandel to contest from Govindnagar.Later, he completed several formalities and started his campaign in the constituency as a Peace Party candidate. Again, the party leaders demanded money from him and he deposited around Rs four lakh in the party fund on January 16 and 17 in four different amounts. The petitioner has complained that the nominations began on January 28 and will continue till February 4 . Polling is to be held on February 23. But before nomination, the party demanded Rs 6 lakh more to issue forms A and B regarding grant of party symbol of ceiling fan, said the candidate.Demanding money from a candidate to motivate voters in his favour is bribe and so the act is punishable under section 171 of IPC, said the petitioner's lawyer Pradeep Kumar Singh. In the petition, the petitioner has demanded derecognition of the party and freezing of its party symbol. He also demanded that the ceiling fan be allotted to him as the election symbol in the election.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11750031", "title": "Retired professor couple found murdered in Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: In a shocking and gruesome incident, an old couple was found murdered in their residence at Ramakrushna Nagar in the quiet town of Berhampur on Friday morning.Police recovered the bodies of the couple from the ground floor of their residence. The deceased were identified as Gopal Krushan Panigrahi (65), a retired professor of zoology in Berhampur University and his wife, 60-year-old Kamala, also a retired lecturer of zoology in Khallikote autonomous college.Police suspected the couple, who lived alone, might have been murdered by miscreants who went to their residence with an intention to rob them. Household articles were found scattered at the scene of the crime and one of the almirahs was seen open.\"We suspect the miscreants might have murdered the couple to loot their house,\" said SP (Berhampur) Shefeen Ahmed K. He, however, said police were yet to ascertain the extent of the loot as they have not been able to talk to family members of the deceased. The couple's only daughter, Jayadurga Panigrahi, who lives in Bhubaneswar, reached Berhampur on Friday afternoon. In a state of shock, she fainted upon seeing the dead bodies of her parents and was not in a condition to speak till the filing of this report.The incident came to light when one of the couple's neighbours went to their house to inform them about their daughter's phone call, said Berhampur sub-divisional police officer S C Mohapatra. Police detained a female servant of the house for questioning in this connection.Injuries marks and bleeding was noticed on Panigrahi's head, whose body was found lying in the front room of the house, while his wife's body was found in the bedroom, without any injury marks.\"We suspect the retired professor might have been murdered with sharp weapons, while his wife was strangulated to death,\" police said.Police were yet to find the weapons of murder. The exact cause of the deaths will be known only after the postmortem, police said. A forensic team and police dog squad has been engaged in investigation, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750523", "title": "Manbhum Chhau centre opens in Sereikela", "text": "RANCHI: The long wait for Chhau dancers of Manbhum to get a training centre has finally become a reality. The government Chhau Centre at Nimdih in Sereikela Kharsawan district, which was lying idle since its inauguration on August 10, 2007, is all set to welcome students. The first batch of seven students will get training under the guidance of Chhau guru, Paresh Parti. The centre was constructed with an investment of around Rs 44 lakh.Parti, who has been instrumental in starting the centre after years of hard work, said that because of lack of support from the state government, it was becoming very difficult to preserve the Manbhum style.\"In January I got approval from the government after five years of struggle to start the centre. In the first batch I have selected seven students, four dancers and three musicians, who will be trained so that they also become trainers,\" said Parti.He added that he will take the help of the state government and Sangeet Natak Akademi (SNA) to popularise the dance form. \"I hope the SNA and government will continue to support our endeavour to preserve this traditional dance of Jharkhand,\" said Parit. Seraikela Chhau, another form of this art, is more popular.Manbhum Chhau mostly depicts tales from the Ramayana, Mahabharata and Puranas. Manbhum-style dancers use heavy and decorative masks. Chhau masks mostly depict mythological characters, showing their valour. Initially performances were held without music. Later, the performers realised how music transformed their presentation and so music was added.\"Now we use various indigenous instruments such as nagara, dhol, saina and charcharia,\" said Parit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752989", "title": "Saint Dracula in a 3D avatar", "text": "The makers of the much hyped Dam999 is all set to create a buzz with a 3D romantic horror movie titled Count Dracula 3D.Unlike the popular Dracula movies, the champion of this story craves not for blood, but for vengeance. The story narrates the predicaments of an untainted nun, who is convinced and definite about her love for the vampire.\"It's a historic fact that Dracula is a national hero and a Saint to Catholics and Orthodox churches in Romania . In fact, the concept with a romantic flavour is what attracted me to this project. Through DAM999 we could prove that Indians can make Hollywood standard 3D conversion projects in India. With Saint Dracula 3D we could also prove that Indians can make a Hollywood standard stereoscopic 3D movie abroad using non-Indians in record time,\" says Sohan Roy, project designer.The main cast includes British actor Mitch Powell playing the role of Dracula and Brazilian actress Patricia Duarte as Clare, the female lead. The other cast includes Daniel Shayler, Suzanne Roche, Bill Hutchins and Lawrence LarkinThe movie had its screening at Los Angeles and would be screened in Hong Kong Film Festival and Cannes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11750642", "title": "Exporters\u2019 conclave on Feb 13", "text": "MANGALORE: Exporters from across Karnataka will descend on this coastal city to participate in the first-ever conclave of exporters of the state on February 13. Walter D'Souza, regional chairman of Federation of Indian Export Organization (FIEO), said the conclave aims at making the state a destination for exponential growth in exports, and help India meet its export target of $500 bn laid down by Union ministry of commerce and industry.Walter told reporters here on Thursday that Foreign Trade Policy 2009-14, announced by union minister Anand Sharma, apart from setting the $500-bn target during 2013-14, also envisages doubling India's share of global exports by 2020. In the current global economic scenario, Walter said, India, as on December, had achieved exports worth $217 bn as against a target of $300 bn by March 2012.In order to achieve its share in the global market at a reasonably higher level, Walter said each state has to set before itself a target to be achieved so that the national targets can be made a possibility.Acknowledging global projections that 2012 would be difficult year for world trade with World Bank projections at 4.4% and IMF at 4%, Walter said India has the potential to grow faster than these figures provided necessary infrastructure is there.The important feature of the conclave, Walter said, is that first time a meet on this scale has been organized in Karnataka in collaboration with Union ministry of corporate affairs at the insistence of M Veerappa Moily, who is heading the ministry.While leading ministers from state and central governments are expected to address the plenary sessions, director general of foreign trade and bureaucrats will spell out the action plan at the technical sessions.Important fallout of the meet, Walter said, is the fact that FIEO will come out with a vision 2020 document by end of March for Karnataka to increase its share in India's total exports from the present 6% to 10%. Issues concerning the exporters, including high transaction cost, lack of level-playing field with their counterparts in other nations, would be the key areas of focus in addition to focus on local areas of export interests from DK and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11749714", "title": "Two women duped of ornaments", "text": "HUBLI: An unidentified person entered a house in the guise of a goldsmith and made away with gold ornaments worth Rs 1.26 lakh, in Deshpande Nagar in Hubli on Thursday.DCP (law and order) S M Pratapan told TOI that a person went to Nemiraj Barigali's house and said he will polish gold ornaments. Barigali's wife gave her four gold bangles and a long chain for polishing. The man kept the ornaments in boiling water and asked the couple to remove them from the water later.Later the couple realized that the ornaments in the water were fake ones whereas the man had escaped with the genuine ornaments. Suburban police have registered a case.In a similar incident, a person visited the house of Kalpana in Veerabhadreshwar Oni in Dharwad on Wednesday night on the pretext of polishing jewellery. He escaped with ornaments worth Rs 1.87 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747828", "title": "Candidates fail to inspire, groundswell grows for right to reject", "text": "PUNE: Upset with political parties for nominating the same faces, relatives and people with criminal backgrounds as candidates in the civic election, youngsters in the city want immediate consideration of the Right to Reject proposal while some insist on the Right to Recall.Sensing the groundswell against criminal elements in the city's politics, political parties had promised not to nominate candidates with criminal backgrounds in the civic election. However, the list of candidates speaks a different story.\"There is no promising face in the list of candidates in my locality. All parties have nominated the same people who have been in the civic body for years. Some have introduced their sons, wives and relatives to politics. We do not want to vote for them. The government should immediately introduce the Right to Reject option,\" college student Vishal Kale said.Citizens, especially youngsters, who are part of various civic organizations, are unhappy with political parties and their candidates. Sensing the resentment among voters across the country, chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi last week had said the time had come to consider the Right to Reject proposal. More discussions were required to prevent political parties from fielding criminal candidates, he had added. Quraishi has opposed the 'right to recall'.The commission will ask the law ministry to suitably amend poll rules and allow introduction of a button in the electronic voting machines (EVM) that gives voters the option of \"none of the above\". According to government sources there was no need to amend the law and a change could be made through an executive order. However, this option will not be available in this civic election.Deepak Bharadia, a leader from Indian Against Corruption's Pune chapter, said, \"Such a proposal was demanded by Team Anna. One reason for the middle and upper class not voting is because they are unhappy with the candidates. But we want youths to vote for the best option available. Abstaining from voting is not the answer to any problem.\"Civic organizations and political parties have insisted that people should not abstain from voting and instead choose the best available option till the Right to Reject proposal becomes a reality.Congress city unit Chief Abhay Chhajed said political reforms are possible only through public participation. \"We want young people to vote for candidates who will work for the development of the city. We are reaching out to all strata of society to convince them about our commitment.\"Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) city unit chief Vandana Chavan said that her party had developed its grassroots network so that every voter could be approached. \"We want to ensure maximum voting across the city,\" Chavan said.\"The day we will publish our manifesto, we will ensure that every household in the city will have a copy. Before polling day, we will touchbase every voter at least once. Youngsters are our main focus as they will vote for change,\" BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said.Ketan Kothale from Dhankawdi said he did not with agree with political parties on many issues and it is not necessary to like all candidates. \"However, I will vote for a candidate who will promise basic infrastructure like water and roads in my locality. We have decided to follow-up development work after the elections,\" he added.\"It is not only about Right to Reject, it is also about amendments in Representation of the People Act, 1951. Youngsters are not willing to vote because of various reasons. The prominent one is the criminal background of candidates. The government must take steps to curb criminal elements from contesting polls,\" civic activist Vivek Velankar said.Citizens supporting the Anna movement claim that if the government passes the proposed amendments to the Representation of the People Act, 1951, it will bar criminals from entering politics and disqualify any candidate with serious criminal charges - terrorism, murder, sexual assault, kidnapping, etc - from contesting elections. The law can be further improved by adding corruption to the list of serious crimes.\"The educated class should stop criticising politics and politicians and jump into active politics. We should elect educated candidates if we want to get rid of criminals in politics,\" Poorva Keskar, who is contesting the civic election, said. \"To start with reforms, one should start taking part in the electoral process,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748468", "title": "Parties make promises as campaign nears end", "text": "NASHIK: As voters in rural Nashik gear up to cast their vote on February 7 to send members to panchayat samiti and zilla parishad, the party leaders are on a whirlwind tour of the district wooing the people. With Sunday being the last day for campaigning, leaders are trying to cAover as many areas as possible before the 5pm deadline.While the Congress and the NCP are going solo, the Shiv Sena and the BJP alliance exists only in six tehsils. The NCP, which held the chair of the outgoing 73-member house, is upbeat about its performance and hopes to capitalize on it. Nashik MP Sameer Bhujbal and district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal have been out for their candidates in rural areas.Sameer during his campaign said that the party had sketched out a development plan for the district, which focussed on balanced development and growth. \"The construction of several new administrative and health buildings, besides starting facilities for the citizens is the top priority,\" Sameer said.Congress (rural) president Rajaram Pangavhane said his party has plans to ensure that the citizens get the best of development here. Roads, water, electricity and better modes of communication are basic needs of residents in rural areas of district. These should be made available for the people and the Congress is committed to it.The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, which was in power a term earlier, is, however, struggling to find a chord with the people in the rural areas. While the alliance is short of speakers and leaders who could campaign in the rural areas, Jayant Dinde, rural Sena chief has ruled out any need for star campaigners.Criticizing the Nationalist Congress Party for its tilt towards \"construction\", Dinde said that during the past five years the contractors had grown very strong.\"We want to upgrade the system by providing services and not only new buildings. Number of water supply pipeline schemes have seen construction done only till half and the contractors refusing to complete it,\" Dinde alleged.Balasaheb Aher, rural president of BJP, said that the only agenda of the party was to let people know how the state and the central governments have failed miserably in taking development to the people.\"The leaders have flourished but the citizens are still at the same place where they were 50 years ago. We got access to treasury benches of Nashik ZP for only one term. We did best what we could. If we get another chance we will definitely change the face of rural Nashik,\" Aher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749457", "title": "MLA barges into railways land", "text": "BANGALORE: South Western Railways filed a police complaint against KR Puram MLA Nandish Reddy on Friday when he trespassed into the barricaded area of the road near the KR Puram railway bridge. Reddy came with about 1000 people who wanted to widen this road.The road under the bridge is choc-a-block with traffic for 2km during peak hours every day. \"People going to and from Whitefield suffer because of this choked area and the railways are delaying the transfer of land for widening the road,\" said Nandish Reddy.He also said the state government has, in principle, given an alternative piece of land to the railways on the other side of the bridge and the land deal is being processed. On Friday morning when the MLA barged into the area barricaded to prevent vehicles from accidents, railway police rushed to the site to prevent civilians from going into railway land. They also filed a compliant against Reddy in the Mahadevapura police station.S Mani, divisional railway manager, SWR, said the railways had agreed to give land for widening the road to the BBMP. \"We wanted land to build a new KR Puram railway station. The MLA and others barged into the railway land without informing BBMP or taking permission from the railways,\" he said.The decision of how much land will be given to railways for building the new station at KR Puram is yet to be finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11750781", "title": "Disqualification: Relief for Alemao and Reginaldo", "text": "PANAJI: Speaker Pratapsingh Rane on Friday dismissed a disqualification petition against PWD minister Churchill Alemao and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco that challenged the merger of the Save Goa Front (SGF) with the Congress.Alemao and Lourenco were present with their counsel at the speaker's assembly complex chamber for the hearing. The petition had been filed in 2008 by then tourism minister Francisco Mickky' Pacheco.\"I have dismissed the disqualification petition. The decision is based on the 10th Schedule of the Constitution where it is said that if twothirds of the members decide to join a party or want to form another party they are free to do so and are not subject to disqualification,\" Rane said.He also rejected the 2011 petition filed by Pacheco based on disqualification rule 6(6) of the members of the Goa legislative assembly (disqualification on ground of defection) Rule 1986. Following the dismissal of the case Churchill Alemao said, \"There was no case against us as we all joined Congress.\" An elated Lourenco said, \"I knew what was our position.\"Pacheco countered and said, \"Now the people of Benaulim will disqualify Churchill in the assembly election.\" He said he would not approach the high court for a revision of the order. Alemao and Lourenco had won from Navelim and Curtorim respectively in the 2007 assembly election on the SGF ticket. SGF then merged with the Congress on January 23, 2008.On October 3, 2008, Pacheco had filed a disqualification petition against Alemao and Lourenco before the speaker, arguing that the merger of the SGF into the state unit of the Congress was not done as per law and as prescribed in the 10th schedule of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750731", "title": "Aadhaar-style payment unveiled in Ramgarh", "text": "RANCHI: Having successfully experimented with the remittance of MGNREGA wages to labourers through Aadhaar payment bridge (APB) from Hazaribag, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is all set to launch the APB scheme in Ramgarh in the presence of the director general UIDAI, R S Sharma, on Wednesday. The banks will be using the Aadhaar platform to disburse other social welfare scheme payments such as old age pension and stipends to students of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.The Ramgarh district administration in association with UIDAI officials first experimented by starting NREGA payments on Thursday. Bank of India, which has been chosen to carry out Aadhaar-linked payments in the district, doled out NREGA wages to around 40 labourers, thereby endorsing the online identity verification system of Aadhaar and linking it with core banking solution (CBS).Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, during his meet with UIDAI officials, expressed interest to link all NREGA payments with Aadhaar numbers in Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Odisha and Chhattisgarh. Soon after, the first payments were made in sadar block of Hazaribag, Ratu block of Ranchi and Chandil block of Saraikela-Kharsawan districts.Since Ramgarh was out of the experiment zone when NREGA payments were launched and tried in the state, UIDAI began with wage payment in Doha Katu panchayat under the sadar block. Assistant director general UIDAI, Arwind Prasad, and deputy commissioner, Ramgarh, Amitabh Kaushal personally monitored the payments.Media officer, UIDAI, Madan Kumar said, \"Once the Aadhaar data bank successfully identified the NREGA labourers, we were confident that the system would work for other citizens seeking old age pension or educational stipend,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747423", "title": "Trend of return gifts catches on", "text": "VARANASI: The tradition of return gifts has caught up with the city and gift stores are reaping good benefits these days. \"No wedding, engagement or birthday is complete without a return gift,\" says Mahesh, a gift shop owner in Dalmandi.\"People who take with them valuable gifts in wedding ceremonies, engagements, birthdays and such other parties expect to receive some gift in return,\" he said. There are huge varieties of gifts available in the markets, Dalmandi and Harahsarai markets being the favourites with hosts and organisers. From traditional readymade pack of rice and vermillion to statues of Lord Ganesha, decorated earthen lamps, dry fruit bags, small jewellery bags, to sophisticated photo frame and alarm clock, these markets are catering to every class of people who are buying return gifts.These articles are selling for different rates, from Rs 30 to Rs 30,000 depending on the customers and quality of the material. \"There are people who prefer low budget gifts because return gifts are always purchased in huge quantities. For that matter, wall clocks, photo frames and lamps of cheap qualities are purchased by them in large numbers,\" informde Niyaz, a wholesaler of gift items at Dalmandi market.While Dalmandi market serves the purpose of return gifts for wedding and receptions, the Harahsarai market, which is famous for cheap plastic toys, is another place to buy low budget gifts for low budget ceremonies like birthdays and 'mundan'. If the hosts of various parties are to be believed, the first and the foremost task after deciding guest list, dates and venue, is the task of deciding return gifts. Presentable return gifts like statues of gods and goddess, sweet and dry fruits are very much in trend and give a good impression of the status of the party. In fact there are times when the size guest list has to compromise against expensive gifts articles. According to Ganesh Agrawal, a business who would soon host a wedding reception for his son, return gifts preserve the memory of an important even and it conclude the party on a happy note for all.It is worth mentioning here that the tradition of gifting sweets like khaja, muthari, laddus and namkeen has also been modernised in the name of return gifts. Crunchy delights like chocolates, soan papdi, sweets made up of different colours, flavours, milk, sugar packed in round and heartshaped baskets are popularly selling on orders at most of the city shops. \"Earlier it was called 'baina', now it has been termed as return gift,\" shared Rajendra, a professional 'halwai' (cook).Rajendra, who has earned expertise in preparing sweets that are occasionally important for wedding, child birth, mundan, birthdays, shared: \"Some 10 years back, homemade sweets packed in boxes were in trend. But now all customers with big budget have switched over to the readymade packets of sweets, therefore the profit has shrunk to nearly 75%.\"While individual 'halwais' are witnessing the loss, some of the famous sweets shops of the city are benefitting from this new trend. According to Kailash, who works at a prominent sweet shop in Sonarpura, most customers like Marwaris, Gujaratis, Punjabis prefer the expensive gift packs of sweets. \"The cost of these vary according to the weight and contents. Cashew nuts, pistachio, almonds, mixed with 'kaju barfi' and namkeen are the popular orders for wedding and engagements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11752128", "title": "2G scam: Trial court to decide on Chidambaram's role in afternoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday deferred till the afternoon the pronouncement of its order on Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's plea to prosecute home minister P Chidambaram in the 2G case.At 10am, Special CBI Judge allowed only Swamy to enter inside the court room and asked him to come before 12:30pm.\"I have been asked to be present in the court before 12:30pm. I can say that I am confident that the judgement will be delivered today,\" Swamy told reporters coming out of the court.Swamy had moved the court seeking to make Chidambaram as co-accused in the 2G spectrum scam alleging he was as culpable as former telecom minister A Raja in determining the prices of scarce spectrum and in allowing the dilution of shares.The Supreme Court on Thursday had refused to direct CBI to investigate the alleged role of Chidambaram leaving it to the special court trying the 2G case.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly, which asked the lower court not to get influenced by its decision, had also refused to direct CBI to \"investigate Chidambaram\".The special judge, on January 21, had reserved the order for February 4 on the plea of Swamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749296", "title": "GIFT opens doors to pvt developers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The long-awaited green signal for inviting private developers to the ambitious Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) at Gandhinagar has come through. GIFT will open its doors to private developers by mid-February for construction of office and residential blocks.A requisition for qualification-cum-request for proposal is now ready, said GIFT sources, and will be released shortly by the concerned authorities. The offer will be open to developers for both domestic and international players. A total of four buildings that are 122 meters high are being proposed at the site.The large chunk of land identified by GIFT is in addition to the QC1 and QC2 blocks that are being developed by Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;) currently.GIFT officials claimed that out of the two million square feet to be launched in the market, one million square feet will be in the SEZ area. Close to 0.5 million square feet will be launched for development in non-SEZ area, while an equal space will be launched to develop residential units in SEZ area. As of now, IL&FS; is developing 7.7 million square feet. Two contractors L&T; India and ANC Dubai are being roped in for the construction.Each of the high-rise buildings will have 29 floors. An international school, hospital and a hotel and an exhibition center are already under construction. A special international market zone spread over two million square feet is being developed in GIFT.\"With the Software Technology Park of India (STPI) benefits coming to an end this year and tax incentives for co-developers in SEZ area next year, there is a serious need for accommodating migrating IT/ITeS companies by March 2014, as the direct tax code comes into force. For co-developers in SEZs, this deadline is fixed on March 2012. Not only will the co-developer get a 10-year tax exemptions, but also earn from the exemptions on the property units they construct for 15 years in SEZ area,\" says a senior official at GIFT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11749416", "title": "After Indian woman on fast in prison dies, US calls it a \u2018tragedy\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Sometime between Thursday, December 29, when the world shuttered down to end 2011, and Tuesday, January 3, when it reopened after heralding in 2012, Lyvita Gomes drifted into a lonely and terrible death in a Chicago area hospital from self-imposed starvation and dehydration. Apparently, no one in 21st century America is particularly shocked by this. Regretful, yes; alarmed or repentant; no.The 52-year old Mumbai native, a former Pan Am stewardess and Delta Airlines trainer, had been on a hunger strike in jail for nearly three weeks following her December 10 incarceration arising from charges of resisting arrest in a routine jury summons case.A timetable of events released by Greater Chicago's Lake County sheriff's office on Thursday showed she had been taken into custody on December 12, placed on a suicide watch immediately due to her \"making suicidal statements during the booking process,\" released on December 13 and re-arrested on December 14, at which point she began her hunger strike.On December 17, county officials moved her to a medical unit \"to observe and to validate hunger strike\" and determined the next day that she had not eaten for 72 hours. \"Hunger strike protocol\" was initiated the next day with verbal orders given by doctor to provide her \"with additional juices and meal trays and to encourage hydration and nutrition,\" even as she was produced twice before a judge over the next two days.Gomes, who is said have lived in the Chicago area from 2004, was brought before the court on charges of resisting arrest when police showed up at her door, as ordered by a judge, to explain her absence in a jury summons case. As an immigrant without citizenship status, she did not have to do jury duty, but ignoring the summons brought the police to her house. Consequently, the jury duty case was dropped, but by this time authorities found her visa had expired and started deportation proceedings. The resisting arrest case also remained.Mired in this judicial and immigration tangle, Gomes, who was single and had no immediate family in the Chicago area, began a hunger strike in prison. By December 23, she had lost 10 lbs in weight, even as she refused blood work and EKG ordered by doctors; a psychiatrist who examined her on December 24 found her uncooperative with psychological examination but diagnosed her with \"psychotic disorder,\" although he ordered no medications since she was unwilling to discuss treatment options.On December 27, a physician who examined her noted her to be \"alert and oriented...non-toxic in appearance...and in no acute distress...deemed medically stable.\" But the psychiatrist noted that she was \"mentally incapable to participate in her treatment plan.\" A physical exam the next day showed she had lost 18 lbs from the time she began her hunger strike.On December 29, still refusing to eat, appearing severely dehydrated and lethargic, she was ordered to be taken to the Vista East Medical Center. The last two entries in the sequence of events released by the county reads:12/29/2011 - At 1:30pm, Correction's Lt. Nicholas Kalphas appears in front of Judge George Strickland and secures a Personal Recognizance bond for Ms. Gomes who has already been transported to Vista East Medical Center.01/03/2011 - Ms. Gomes passes away while in the care of Vista East Hospital.What happened between December 29 and January 3, not to speak of the bizarre sequence of events before and after her arrest, is something that has roiled Chicago's police, judicial, and hospital system and Gomes' family and friends, but attracted little attention beyond President Obama's hometown. How a documented immigrant can die of hunger strike and starvation in 21st century America was beyond the imagination of some 200 people, including local officials, who gathered for Gomes' memorial in a Chicago church on Wednesday.Lake County administrators insist they did everything right but acknowledged Gomes' death as \"a tragedy felt in equal measure by everyone who had contact with her during her incarceration.\" Administrators, police, and judiciary are regretful, but they say once Gomes' was sent to the hospital, they have no idea what happened. The hospital, protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability (HIPA) Act isn't talking.\"It's heartbreaking. We did everything we could...our doctors even offered to go outside of protocol to get her food,\" police spokesman Lt. Chris Thompson told ToI, declining to go into details of the case. \"We ourselves don't know what happened at the hospital.\"Beyond the momentary sorrow in the \"system,\" all is bureaucratese. \"All policies concerning self-starvation cases are being reviewed in an attempt to insure that we are doing everything humanly possible to prevent an outcome such as this,\" Sheriff Mark Curran said in a statement. The sheriff defended the care she received in jail, saying administrators relied on a medical staff's advice before transporting her to a hospital five days before her death.But Gomes' nearest family -- her sister Lyemia and brother-in-law Rodney Fernandes came to the memorial from England -- is not convinced.Lyvita's death \"has raised the issue of social justice in the world,\" Fernandes said at a Mass in Most Blessed Trinity Catholic Church.\"The family and public at large wish to learn the truth about why she died,\" a local paper quoted him as saying. \"Was it because of her ethnic or immigration status or her mental status?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748689", "title": "Illegal highrises likely to get breather", "text": "CHENNAI: The government may amend building rules in the state to give a breather to several hundreds of unauthorized constructions which have to be razed as per existing rules.In a counter-affidavit filed before first bench of the Madras high court comprising chief justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, the housing and urban development secretary said the Justice Mohan Committee had recommended conditional exemption to illegal buildings constructed on or before July 1, 2007. \"It is expected that the recommendations of the committee may result in substantial amendments to the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act 1971,\" the counter said.The salient features of the committee's report include imposing fine and jail on building violators, seizure of machineries and vehicles used in illegal buildings, holding builders, promoters, architects and surveyors responsible for any deviation.Recommending a time limit for issue of planning permission and deemed approval in order to do away with undue delay in processing planning approvals, the report said buildings completed up to July 1, 2007 could be exempted from penal action subject to guidelines relating to fire, structural safety, floor space index and collection of penal fee as decided by the government. \"A decision on the other recommendations will be taken soon,\" the government said.The counter was in response to a batch of PILS against unauthorized constructions as well as the ordinances brought forth by the previous DMK government giving one-year moratorium on demolition of illegal constructions. Justifying the ordinances, the counter said they were not intended to condone any of the brazen and unauthorized constructions.Noting that the Supreme Court had not prohibited the legislative power of the state government to invoke the power of the Governor to promulgate an ordinance in an emergency situation, the counter said it was only suspension of punitive action against building violators for one year.The entire batch is being taken up for hearing by the first hearing, as directed by the Supreme Court, next week.It all began more than 20 years ago, when the 'citizen, consumer and civic action group' moved the court after the government issued exemptions to 73 buildings that had violated the rules. When the matter was still pending in the Supreme Court, the state amended Section 113 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act 1971, and introduced a regularisation scheme, for a fee. On August 18, 2000, the SC upheld the amendment, but made it clear that it should be a \"one-time measure\". As per the order, buildings constructed before February 28, 1999 alone were eligible for regularisation. However, the government promulgated at least four ordinances in the next four years. On August 23, 2006, the HC struck down all the three regularisation schemes. When challenged, the SC issued an order of status quo on the matter.Action against illegal constructions regained momentum after the SC vacated the status quo order last year, prompting the HC to push the civic agencies into launching a lock and seal drive on October 31, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752143", "title": "Physician founds think tank to innovate healthcare for poor", "text": "Physician Rishi Manchanda's epiphany - to develop a new think tank aimed at improving health care for the poor - came last summer as he was treating a patient complaining of severe headaches.Manchanda was working at St. John's Well Child and Family Centers, one of the largest community health clinics for low-income families in South Central Los Angeles, which treats about 40,000 patients a year.Twenty-eight percent of the residents of this area live below the poverty level; more than a third of South Central L.A.'s population lacks health insurance. Substandard housing, poor air quality and lack of access to fresh food are major contributors to the poor quality of health there, according to Manchanda.The Queens, New York native asked his chronic headache patient questions about her housing - \"substandard housing is a driver of illness in communities like South Central L.A.\" he explained - and determined that the woman was living with mold, roaches and damp indoor conditions. He diagnosed migraines and allergic rhinitis, and treated her for the pain, along with providing information about housing assistance.Manchanda's patient came back several weeks later feeling better, but angry that none of the other doctors she had seen had asked about her housing conditions. The woman had been bounced around three other hospitals before she came to St. John's.\"I explained that many physicians want to improve health where it begins but often lack the tools, training or incentive to do so,\" Manchanda told India-West.\"Too few clinicians are ever exposed to innovators who demonstrate how clinics can provide great care by tailoring healthcare to the social needs of the community. I mulled it over and decided to create HealthBegins to meet this need,\" he said.On February 9, HealthBegins will launch a new social networking platform where clinicians, public health experts and community leaders can exchange ideas on improving health care for neglected communities.HealthBegins will attempt to create what Manchanda calls a healthcare transformation, developing tools, training and technology to help physicians determine the deficiencies in their patients' lives that contribute to their illnesses.Manchanda believes his initiative is timely, as more people gain access to healthcare under the national Affordable Care Act. \"The healthcare system urgently requires new effective models to train and engage health professionals who can provide quality care and help improve health where it begins,\" he stated.His collaborators on the new initiative are Oakland, Calif.,-based doctors Laura Gottlieb and Ricky Choi.The 36-year-old Tufts alumnus created a program in social medicine and health equity at St. John's, where he worked for three years before quitting last September to start HealthBegins.At the clinic, Manchanda examined 18 to 20 patients a day, treating adults and children for asthma , hypertension, heart disease and diabetes , among other illnesses.He also developed advocacy programs with community organizers that attempted to address the root conditions that caused such diseases.\"It is not smart to take a cockroach out of an ear and just send that child home,\" Manchanda told a group of reporters visiting St. John's last January.\"I truly enjoyed the work I was doing in South Central L.A., but grew increasingly weary of a health care system that often sends the sickest people back to the conditions that made them sick in the first place,\" Manchanda told India-West.The Indian American has also resurrected RxDemocracy, an initiative he founded in 2008, to register low-income and marginalized people as voters. The project is already underway in two Boston hospitals, and at Montefiore Medical Center in New York. In California, the organization is targeting eight hospitals throughout the state. Each of the hospitals will put up a non-partisan poster about voter registration at their clinic and then will set up voter registration events.In 2008, RxDemocracy registered 26,000 new voters.Courtesy: India West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750658", "title": "Botawala Chawl joins revamp row", "text": "The cluster-redevelopment scheme, first announced by the state government in 2009, got a much-needed boost on January 6 when landlord and developer S S Ratansi received a letter from the state government giving the go-ahead to redevelop the decrepit Botawala Chawl in Byculla.Botawala Chawl is the fifth of nine cluster-redevelopment projects to be approved. The approval was given during the winter session of the legislature, before the election code of conduct came into force.The other four approved projects include the high-profile 14-acre Bhendi Bazaar project, being undertaken by the Sethi Burhani Upliftment Trust of the Dawoodi Bohra community ; Shreepati Estate, a four-acre project of Shreepati Group at Saat Rasta, Byculla; the redevelopment of the 7.5-acre Islam Mill Compound and Haji Qasim Chawl, Parel, by Nish Developers; and a project at Lower Parel by D B Realty Group.Except for the Botawala Chawl project, the costs of the others are expected to run into hundreds of crores, though none of the promoters or developers are revealing details . The Botawala project is the smallest, as it is across just an acre and the developer-cum-landlord does not have to buy over any property.Developers' gripes56 approvals required for each cluster project The incentive is not very attractive. Of the surplus area, 67% has to be given to the government as tenements The policy is silent on less than 24 encroachers. The law requires a minimum of 24 encroachments for an area to be a slum.In most of these properties, there are not more than two to three. Since there is no survey, they can't be rehabilitated. They also can't be evicted as they have proof of living there for over 40 years Mhada and BMC refuse to forcibly evict uncooperative tenants. Mhada can do it in redevelopment of dilapidated buildings Developers say development cess of Rs 5,000/sq mt and land development charges of 2% of Ready Reckoner rate are exorbitantWhat developers wantA separate Urban Renewal Authority, on the lines of the Slum Rehabilitation Authority, to speedily clear cluster redevelopment proposalsWhat the city wantsRevamp of all dilapidated buildings in the island city, wide roads, parking, better sewerage and storm water drains, better open spaces, schools, libraries, theatres, art galleries etcNot yet off the groundFour of the nine cluster-redevelopment proposals are yet to be cleared. The Shreepati Group has submitted three plans, at Girgaum, Parel and Mazagaon. The state government has returned them to the BMC's High Power Committee for resubmission. The fourth is the Remaking of Mumbai Federation's 29-acre project. It was also sent back to the High Power Committee as not a single consent from the tenant or developer was on stamp paper. Besides, the application was made in one name and the sanction sought in another.Islam mill compound | 7.5 acresA23-storey building, meant to house 543 of the 627 original tenants, is ready and awaiting an Occupation Certificate from the BMC. The building was constructed without shifting a single tenant, said Kailash Agarwal of Nish Developers . The size of the tenements vary from 375 sq feet to 425 sq ft, depending on the area earlier occupied by the tenants.Agarwal, who bought over the six plots, which includes Haji Qasim Chawl, got the go-ahead from the state in January 2010. He is looking for transit tenements for the balance 84 tenants. \"Unless I demolish , I c a n' t carry out further development,'' he said.The project covers 7.5 acres, nearly half of which comprises warehouses. As part of the project, Nish Developers has to construct a 100-tenement building to serve as civic residential quarters and 300 tenements for Mhada. There will be two 65-storey residential towers to be sold in the free market.Dr E Moses road | 4.5 acresThe D B Realty project in Mahalaxmi was the first clusterredevelopment project to be given the go-ahead in August 2009. It comprises five properties and is spread over approximately 4.5 acres. The group took over a redevelopment project that Mhada was undertaking along with a private developer .The redevelopment project that the government approved calls for five buildings, of which a 20-storey commercial building is under construction and has been granted a partial Occupation Certificate. It will be sold at market rates. There will also be a 22-storey building for earlier tenants with a basement and six podium parking floors. The project also has a reservation for a car pound, spread over an acre.Both the BMC and Mhada will get tenements in a 30-storey building that will have two basements and ground-plus-six floors for podium parking.Bhendi bazar | 14 acresThis cluster-redevelopment project is on a massive 14 acres. Around 1,000 transit tenements have been constructed at Anjirwadi, Mazgaon, to aid the plan, but this camp is unlike a temporary facility, with well-constructed homes that have proper amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11750397", "title": "Skiing loses charm in Kufri", "text": "SHIMLA: Established as one of the oldest places in the country to be associated with the winter sport of skiing, the hills of Kufri at an altitude of 2,500mt are craving for attention amid lack of facilities and any government or tourism-supported winter activities on the 1-1.5km slopes that stretch from the Mahasu peak to Lambidhar.Joint secretary of winter games association D R Kashyap said, \"It was after independence that these ski slopes were utilized by winter games aficionados for skiing, Now, no tourism or government-supported event is organized here and no modern equipment are in place.\"Skiing events were earlier organized on the primary slopes in Kufri, but now the place is generally crowded and snow melts very fast making it impossible for skiing. However, the Lambidhar slopes face north and can retain snow for long. Snowboarding and national events can be held here. A withered motor and pully are lying abandoned here, which were used way back in the 80s.\"Veteran skier of Shimla professor M L Sharma said, \"Skiers of Shimla ice-skated in the rink and had fun in Kufri. Climatic changes have made Narkanda a better place for such games.\"Narkanda, at an altitude of 2,700mt, has been the centre of winter sports since 1983. The mountaineering institute and high-altitude trekking and skiing centre provides training to sport lovers.Deputy manager (publicity and information) S R Harnot of Himachal Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (HPTDC), said, \"It was many years ago that HPTDC used to provide snow packages for winter sports in Kufri. Such packages are now available for sporting at Narkanda, in collaboration with different institutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748698", "title": "Reception for NCC cadets", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Anand P S and Shyju Benjamin, air wing NCC cadets belonging to the Kerala and Lakshadweep directorate, came first in the aeromodelling competition organized as part of the Republic Day Camp that concluded in New Delhi recently. Gokul G K and Anand P S came third in the control and flying competition and Ronnie T Jacob was adjudged the best cadet.The senior wing girl's team bagged the gold medal in the drill competition. \"It was a challenging competition which had 15 directorates in the fray. We dedicated a whole year for designing our aeromodels,\" said Gokul a chemistry undergraduate from Mar Ivanios College, Thiruvananthapuram.The winners were accorded a reception by the state education department on Friday. Education minister P K Abdu Rabb felicitated them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749019", "title": "Deposition of British envoys delayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The deposition by two British envoys before the special court in Himmatnagar in the NRI killings case of post-Godhra riots through video-conferencing did not happen on Friday as per the schedule following technical reasons.Designated judge, Geeta Gopi, has now kept the procedure on February 18. According to petitioner's counsel, A M Malek, the court was prepared to record the statements of both the former British High Commissioners, but a particular link for video-conferencing, Skype , was not available at the facility in London . Following the technical glitch, the special court kept the next hearing after two weeks.Both former envoys from Briton, Ian Reakes and Howard Parkinson are to depose in connection with this post-Godhra riots case after their government waived the immunity and permitted them to participate in the trial.Complainant Imran Dawood had sought their examination.In this case, Saeed Dawood, Mohammed Aswat Nallabhai, Shakil Dawood and a Gujarati driver, Yusuf Sulaiman, were killed on National Highway No 8 near Prantij in Sabarkantha district. Imran was also traveling with them, but he escaped the violence and later became the complainant.The designated court has examined 73 witnesses in this case. The only witness who is left to be assessed is the investigating officer of SIT, IPS officer Himanshu Shukla.After advocate Ajay Choksi and Vaibhav Vyas withdrew form the case as special prosecutors due to their personal engagements, the SC-appointed special investigation team has appointed senior advocate R C Kodekar for prosecution in this case. Advocate Kodekar is additional government pleader in Gujart high court and he also represents SIT before the special court hearing the Gulbarg Society massacre case. He was assigned with the task to prosecute accused in Gulbarg case after senior counsel R K Shah and Naina Bhatt quit in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749512", "title": "Counselling breast cancer patients is her new motto in life", "text": "BANGALORE: Counselling breast cancer patients is her new motto in life. Meera Raj, 62, who successfully battled breast cancer, has been counselling hundreds of women over the past two years at the Mazumdar-Shaw Cancer Centre.\"Patients need to be encouraged and supported at every stage. Cancer affects patients and their family members, so counselling becomes extremely important,\" said the retired English professor.\"The very fact that I survived cancer builds confidence in the patients' minds. They build an immediate rapport with me and gradually start overcoming the cancer scare. I counsel five to eight patients every day and sometimes, they come with family and children. They have become my extended family,\" she said.Dr Anthony Pais, head of the breast cancer department at the hospital, encouraged Meera to take up counselling after she overcame the disease, and Meera joined a professional counselling course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753132", "title": "Tamannaah's date woes", "text": "It turns out that Tamannaah, who has been having date woes in Tollywood lately, is suddenly in the midst of a storm.With news reports of her finally bagging a big film opposite Mahesh Babu doing the rounds, her other producers were miffed as the lissome lass apparently was giving them all a tough time without allotting enough dates for their films. There were allegations from their sides too that she was the reason why their films have been facing delays. While the Punjabi lass did come to a truce recently when she promised the producers that she wouldn't sign on any new films till she finishes their projects, the news of her new signing seems to have irked these producers. \"They are ready to take action against Tamannaah if this news is proved true. But, Tamannaah's spokesperson has made it clear that they haven't signed any film officially yet. It is now to be seen if Tamannaah will have to forego this film, even if she's got the offer already because of the pressure,\" says a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752014", "title": "Seven Indian Americans students named Intel finalists", "text": "Seven Indian American high school students have been named among the 40 finalists in the Intel for Science Talent Search, the country's most prestigious science and math competition.They will compete March 8-13 in Washington, D.C., for $630,000 in total awards. The first place winner will receive $100,000 from the Intel Foundation.Two of this year's Indian American finalists are from California: Saurabh Sharan of Bellarmine College Preparatory School in San Jose; and Sayoni Saha of Gretchen Whitney High School in Cerritos.Two are from Michigan: Siddhartha Gautama Jena of International Academy in Bloomfield Hills; and Nithin Reddy Tumma of Port Huron Northern High School, Port Huron.The other three Indian American finalists are: Neel S. Patel of Oviedo High School in Oviedo, Florida; Anirudh Prabhu of West Lafayette Junior-Senior High School in West Lafayette, Indiana; and Neil Kamlesh Mehta of Jericho Senior High School in Jericho, New York .About 60 of the 3000 semifinalists in the competition this year were South Asian American students - most of them Indian American students (I-W, Jan. 20). There were 1,839 applicants in the 2012 competition.Sharan's project, \"Parameter-Free Graph-Based Nuclear Segmentation in Cellular Images Using Morphological Cues,\" developed a computer algorithm to count and identify cells in a culture.Replacing manual counting methods, it could dramatically reduce the costs of lab tests, according to Patrick Adams, who advises the science club at Bellarmine. He told the San Jose Mercury News, \"It's a pretty revolutionary concept.\"Saha's project was \"A Doll That Looks Likes Me: A Study of Self-Concept in Children with Down Syndrome.\"Jena, who has taken all the science courses his school offers and plays the saxophone and piano, did a project called \"Elevated Cholesterol Impairs Water and Gas Transport in Red Blood Cells.\"It demonstrated that the immediate effect of elevated cholesterol is dysfunction of active water, oxygen, and carbon dioxide transport by red blood cells.Mehta's project was \"Co-restoration of Type III Nrg1 back signaling through depolarization: Implications for schizophrenia.\"A senior, he analyzed a mutation of the protein Type III Nrg1 statistically linked to schizophrenia, and how a novel tool in neurology, optogenetics, which uses light to depolarize cells, can be used to restore the defects present, ultimately developing a novel path for schizophrenia therapy.\"The idea for my project,\" Mehta told the Syosset Jericho Tribune, came from my Intel International Science and Engineering Fair 2011 project, where I was actually partners with Savina Kim, another Intel finalist this year from Commack.\"\"We looked at Type III Nrg1 effect on neuronal receptors. After reading, we both formed our own questions and interests, and conducted separate projects this past summer.\"Mehta plans on majoring in neuroscience in college and pursuing a career in either neurobiological research or neurosurgery.Prabhu chose a mathematics challenge: \"Lower Bounds for Odd Perfect Numbers.\"Tumma's project was titled, \"Elucidating Pathways in Cancer Pathogenesis: Establishment of Interaction Between TGF-\u00df/Ras Pathways and Identification of gC1qR as an Oncoprotein.\"Patel submitted \"A Four-Year Analysis of Sonifications for Use in Innovative Human-Computer Interfaces.\"Courtesy: India West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11750374", "title": "International theatre fest begins", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government is ready to set up a cultural village and cultural centre in Kozhikode if the MP, MLA and the district administration take the initiative to provide land for the purpose, promised minister for cultural affairs K C Joseph.Addressing a gathering after inaugurating a six day International Theatre Festival of Kerala at the Tagore Centenary Hall here on Friday, the minister said that the government would help spread the theatre movement in Malabar by coordinating the activities of the Lalithakala Akademy and Sangeetha Nataka Akademy.Sangeetha Nataka Akademy would also consider giving financial aid to professional and amateur dramatists, said the minister.The state government would also extend financial assistance to the Kozhikode theatre festival, he added.tnnMayor A K Premajam presided over the function. M K Raghavan MP, A Preadeep Kumar MLA and district collector P B Salim were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749274", "title": "First to set foot in multi-service SEZ", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Union ministry of commerce and industries' unit approval committee for Gujarat has given the go ahead to the first business unit, Monarch Infrastructure private limited, to operate from GIFT's multi-service SEZ area.The ministry officials said that a formal letter in this regard will be released within next two days. A meeting was called on February 2 in which six firms interested in setting up their units in various SEZs of the state participated.\"Monarch is an engineering and design firm which is investing Rs 12.19 crore in its unit in upcoming GIFT SEZ area. Its target is to earn a revenue of Rs 40.5 crore in the next five years,\" said a ministry source, adding that the firm plans to start operations from March 1. Temporary offices have already been set up in the GIFT's SEZ processing area for the moment.\"Other than Monarch, there are five firms interested in setting up units in GIFT multi service SEZ. The units approval committee meets once every month. The five concerned firms will apply for permissions in the coming weeks,\" said a senior official at the development commissioner's office of the ministry.In a separate development, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has applied for 'unit approval' before the development commissioner to start operations at TCS Garima Park opposite Infocity IT Metropolis, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749018", "title": "2G scam case: It's judgement day for home minister P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Supreme Court leaving the issue to be decided by the trial court, a special CBI court in Patiala House complex will decide on Saturday the plea of Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy seeking to make home minister P Chidambaram an accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case.On Thursday, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly had left it to the lower court to decide Swamy's application. The apex court had refused to direct CBI to \"investigate Chidambaram\" saying it was for the trial court to decide.Special CBI judge O P Saini had, on January 21, reserved the order for February 4 on the plea of Swamy who alleged that Chidambaram was equally culpable like former telecom minister A Raja as he too had a role in deciding spectrum pricing and allowing telecom companies to off-load shares to foreign firms.The court, on February 1, also halted for two days the ongoing day-to-day trial in the case for considering Swamy's plea against Chidambaram.Swamy, who concluded arguments in the trial court in support of his plea, had said the evidence brought on record prima facie established that Chidambaram was also culpable like Raja in the case.He said the evidence brought before the court was sufficient to show that Chidambaram, as the then finance minister, has prima facie committed offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act and other criminal laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750447", "title": "NSE in the dock for tax evasion", "text": "KOCHI: The Directorate-General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) has registered a case against the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd (NSE) for evading taxes to the tune of Rs 10 crore.The DGCEI's office at Kochi booked NSE for violating service tax rules by not paying up taxes for fees collected from candidates who took the NCFM (National Stock Exchange's Certification in Financial Markets) exam.NCFM certification is meant for those opting for careers as derivative brokers, dealers or salespersons. While NSE collects Rs 1,500 in fees from the students, the process of conducting the exam is outsourced to its subsidiary NSE.IT.A complaint from Glancy Xavior, a freelance trainer in the financial services industry, had drawn DGCEI into investigating the matter. When contacted, NSE responded that it is only conducting tests, and \"no coaching or training is being provided, so service tax is not leviable. There is no evasion of service tax. Whatever information was sought has been given.\"\"But as they (NSE) were providing postal training to those who registered for the exam, it falls under the circular no 59/2003, issued by the Central Board of Excise and Customs,\" Xavior said. He filed RTI queries to bring out the fact that NSE was not paying tax for fees it collected during 2008-11. On the other hand, NSE's compatriot Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) was paying taxes during the same period on fees it had collected for its online examinations.In 2010-11, the BSE Training Institute paid Rs 36.43 lakh as service tax, while in 2008-09, it paid Rs 72.55 lakh. Xavior believes that NSE should emulate this by paying up 10.3% tax on the roughly Rs 25 crore it collects every year from candidates sitting for the NCFM exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747920", "title": "12 grounds for rallies in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has prepared a list of 12 municipal playgrounds where political parties or candidates can hold public meetings for campaigning during the elections.AM Durgude, assistant commissioner and chief of signages and licence department, PCMC said that eight playgrounds in Zone A (Nigdi, Moshi, Akurdi and other areas), three playgrounds in Zone B (Pimpri, Chinchwad, Ravet, Punawale and other areas) and one playground in Zone C (Bhosari, Dighi, Dapodi, Charholi and other areas) can be used.\"The civic administration will give No-Objection Certificate(NOC) to the political party or candidates to hold a public meeting at these grounds. They will have to apply to the civic body 72 hours in advance to obtain the NOC. They will need the permission of the police to hold such a meeting,\" she said.Durgude said the public meetings for election campaigning can be held on school playgrounds if the school principal gives an NOC and so do police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11750420", "title": "Lovers get life sentence for murdering 6-yr-old boy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: District and sessions judge, Rewari, J R Chauhan, on Friday sentenced a young woman and her lover to life imprisonment, after they were held guilty of murdering the 6-year-old son of woman's brother. The couple, Sunita and Jagjit, was also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 each.On April 4, 2010, Happy, 6-year-old son of Rakesh Kumar, a resident of Lisan, had gone missing from his house. A week later, his body was found in the forest reserves near the village.Initially, police termed it a blind murder case as Sunita and Jagjit had misguided the investigations by placing some material related to black magic. After collecting initial reports, which hinted at the involvement of Sunita and Jagjit, police interrogated the two, wherein Sunita admitted their involvement.In her confession, Sunita told police that she and Jagjit conspired to kill Happy to take revenge for the humiliation she had from Happy's mother (Rakesh's wife), who had come to know about their relationship. A case under sections 302 and 201 of Indian Penal Code was registered against the two at Khol police station of Rewari district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11750379", "title": "Police tighten noose on murder accused", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Cops probing the murder of real estate businessman Manthoni Yusuf (48) will take the prime accused in the case Shameer Babu to other parts of the state to collect evidence. Shameer, a second year LLB student in Government Law College, Thiruvananthapuram, was arrested on Tuesday from Malappuram.Yusuf, a native of Melekkalam, was found missing from December 4. His body was found near Puliyakkode Temple at Pattanakkadu in Alappuzha on December 6. According to the police, Shameer is an MBA degree holder and was abroad for six years.He had invested his money in the real estate business run by Yusuf. When a difference on opinion on where to invest the money arose between the two, Shameer returned home in 2010 and asked Yusuf to return his money. Even though Yusuf refused to pay back, Shameer continued to be in touch with him.On December 4, both of them went for a trip to Gudallur in Shameer's car. Shameer planned to kill Yusuf on the way back on December 5. He gave liquor laced with potassium cyanide at Kakkanala near Gudallur check-post in the morning. After ensuring his death, Shameer took the body in his car to Perinthalmanna and various parts of the Ernakulam city. Later he disposed the body in Pattanakkad in the night.After his arrest the cops had taken him to Gudallur and Gundlupet to collect evidences. According to Jaleel Thottathil, circle inspector of Perinthalmanna, the accused was taken to Alappuzha on Friday. The cops will also inspect the rented house used by Shameer in the state capital on Saturday. They have also collected forensic evidences from the car used by him.Cops probing the murder of businessman Manthoni Yusuf have collected ample evidence against accused Shameer Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11750506", "title": "Ready for a contest for party top post, says Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: The succession issue dominated a crucial general council meeting of the DMK in the city on Friday, with supporters of Union minister M K Alagiri and party treasurer M K Stalin bringing up the issue and provoking party chief M Karunanidhi to rise to the challenge.Upset with the demand for handing over charge to younger son M K Stalin, Karunanidhi threw a challenge, saying, \"There is no need for me to beg for votes to remain the party president. We will conduct an election for the post at the next general council meeting. Let the outcome decide who will lead the party.\"Earlier, Stalin's supporters raised slogans in favour of their 'Thalapathi' being elevated to the top post even as senior leaders, including Karunanidhi and general secretary K Anbazhagan, watched with embarrassment. It started with former minister and Salem strongman Veerapandi S Arumugam expressing his views on the succession issue in the party.\"He described Stalin and Alagiri as two eyes (to indicate their importance) but wondered why the general council members were talking about the next leader for the party when 'Kalaignar' (Karunanidhi) continued to be active. He strongly condemned members for raking up the succession issue,\" said a member who took part in the meeting.A couple of Stalin's supporters shouted him down and demanded that he endorse Stalin as Karunanidhi's successor. Gradually, one Stalin supporter after another raised slogans haling him as the next leader. It went on for a few minutes. On his part, Arumugam replied that he will not be intimidated by them. Hearing this, the crowd of supporters shouted louder. He is said to be a supporter of Alagiri.Stalin, sources said, merely watched without making an attempt to stop them. Alagiri did not attend this session, but Kanimozhi and Dayanidhi Maran were present.Senior leaders said the open show of support for Stalin to take over the party came as a surprise for Karunanidhi. \"He was upset and attempted to leave the dais. On seeing this, seniors leaders, including Stalin, persuaded him to remain. Stalin also urged his supporters to calm down,\" said a former minister. In an attempt to mollify them, Anbalagan said while Stalin had all the qualities to lead the party, there were also many senior leaders who also made sacrifices for the party.In his usual cryptic fashion, Karunanidhi said, \"I came with a body ache. But now I am pained in mind as well. I will speak at the next general council meeting.\" Later, after seniors convinced him to speak, he said, \"Some unwanted elements are trying to create unrest within the party. They have twisted Arumugam's remarks. These elements posing to be Stalin's supporters are trying to create a rift.\" They should understand that by raising such issues they are not really helping Stalin. \"At a time when Stalin is growing in his political stature, such behaviour (by these elements) before he could take over important responsibilities of the party, would only mar his image,\" he added. Reacting to a recent survey rating Stalin as the most popular successor, Karunanidhi said, \"I am proud as a father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747960", "title": "Opium haul: Man gets 9 years\u2019 RI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to nine years' rigorous imprisonment for being found in possession of 2.5 kg of opium, which he wanted to sell in the capital.Additional Sessions Judge Umed Singh Grewal also imposed a fine of Rs 90,000 on convict Surender, who hails from Himachal Pradesh. The court stipulated that in case of default in payment, the convict will have to serve another two years in prison.According to the prosecution, Surender was arrested from north Delhi by the Crime Branch of Delhi Police on the basis of a tip-off. A raiding party arrested Sanjay and seized the narcotics from him. It was identified as opium later at the forensic lab.On Surender's disclosure, the man, who allegedly used to supply opium to him, too, was arrested. But no narcotics were found with him, so the court discharged him.In its order, the court rejected the defence's contention of false implication, saying that there is nothing on record to suggest that policemen had any enmity with him and that it wasn't possible for the cops to plant such a huge quantity of narcotics on him.The court also noted that he failed to explain how he got hold of the drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752174", "title": "Deepika Padukone opts out of Race 2", "text": "This Race seems far from being won. After shooting for four days, Deepika Padukone has opted out of Race 2.Her exit could not have been worse-timed, as it means more delays and hiccups for the Ramesh Taurani production. This is the second high profile exit after Sonakshi Sinha walked out of the mega-cast project and was replaced by Jaqueline Fernandes.A shocked Taurani now has the onerous task of finding a replacement, someone who can step into Deepika's high heels opposite Saif Ali Khan.A source close to the actress confirmed the developments and explained that her walkout had a lot to do with the film's ever-changing schedule. \"Deepika had issues with the dates. Moreover she was irritated by the constant change in the shooting schedule of the film.\"It should be noted here that the makers of Race 2 starring Saif, John Abraham, Anil Kapoor, Amisha Patel and Jacqueline has had the Herculean task of juggling all the star dates. To top it all, Sanjay Dutt has just been added to the cast, adding to the list of busy actors. \"In a bid to accommodate all their dates, Deepika had to sacrifice her own. And Tips expected a commitment of 60 dates from her this year. Given that she had already committed dates to Ayan Mukherji, she was in no mood to rework her schedule again,\" said the source, adding, \"She didn't want to be a part of the film anymore and walked out of the film.\"Mirror has learnt that Taurani tried his best to cajole the actress into continuing with the film. Her co-star from Love Aaj Kal and Cocktail, Saif, too tried his best to convince her to stay on. But to no avail. According to unconfirmed reports, she was also not happy sharing screenspace with Jaqueline Fernandes. But then that is another story.Despite repeated calls and text messages, both Deepika and Ramesh Taurani remained unavailable for comments.Wonder if Taurani has bitten off more than he could chew this time?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750790", "title": "HC rejects plea to bring nursing under ESMA", "text": "KOCHI: Considering a petition to bring nursing services under the purview of the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA), the high court on Friday denied the plea.A division bench consisting of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice P R Ramachandra Menon denied the plea of petitioner Jose Mathew, a dialysis patient. The petitioner's counsel submitted to the court that patients were facing death due to the nursing strike.However, the court disagreed, observing that the strike had not led to any death till now. Justice Chellur further added that the devotion and dedication of nurses from Kerala had been widely appreciated and the hospital industry across the country was heavily dependent on them. \"I don't think they will cause any death,\" the judge observed while declining the plea.While considering a petition by Kolenchery Medical College asking for police protection, the court observed on Thursday that nurses were being subjected to exploitation in the state.The Indian Medical Association should file a report explaining the differences between managing private and government hospitals, the Kerala high court ordered on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748027", "title": "Fire at Kathputli Colony: Thirty shanties gutted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Puja Mathur (17) scrambled through half-burnt text books on Friday to look for her Class 10 board examination certificate, but to no avail. The room that she called home was burnt to ashes when a cylinder blast triggered a fire in the Gujarati neighborhood at Kathputli Colony, a slum cluster in west Delhi. Over 30 shanties were charred in Friday's blaze which broke out around 1.30pm.Like Puja, an artisan from Gujarat named Diwali, lost all the material for the modas (cane chairs) that she was going to sell in Rajasthan in the fire. \"It was worth Rs 10,000. It's not easy for us to start from scratch. We have lost everything save the clothes on our back,\" she said.Twelve fire tenders were pressed into service who managed to douse the fire by 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747491", "title": "Controversies build up in Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: The buzz in political circles is that construction projects in some wards allegedly played a part in the Congress list of candidates for the civic elections. Developers of slum projects have allegedly influenced the party's choice in at least one ward in the island city and four in the suburbs.A controversial mega slum project approved under clause 3K of the Slum Act in the western suburbs allegedly had a role to play in deciding a candidate. The seat was one among those where senior party leaders differed on the choice of candidate till the very end.Similarly, a party ticket in a ward in Bandra (E) was allegedly influenced by a controversial project undertaken by a top developer.The son of a senior party politician allegedly obtained a ticket from a ward in the island city, where he is involved in construction work. A politician-cum-builder was allegedly in contention for another ward in Malad, where he is undertaking slum projects. The local legislator from the area had supported his nomination. He was edged out by the kin of a sitting corporator only because the latter's candidature was supported by the party parliamentary board.Meanwhile, the Congress has had a false start of sorts in the run-up to the elections. Even as other parties have kicked off door-to-door campaigning, it is still trying to resolve disputing factions and settle the unrest created over distribution of tickets in many wards. It is yet to win back support of disgruntled leaders.Suspended city general secretary Ajit Sawant has continued to criticize the party election strategy and its leaders. After questioning city president Kripashankar Singh and state party president Manikrao Thakre, Sawant on Friday hit out at chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Reacting to Chavan's statement to a news channel of Sawant working to damage the party's electoral prospects, he said, \"While the intention and credibility of Chavan was not in doubt, he does not seem to be aware of workers who were working in the party's interest in Mumbai.\"Sulking for a while, Sawant said Chavan was yet to identify sections weakening the party base and could do well to take notes from former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan . Party functionaries said Sawant's allegations did not merit a response.Singh, meanwhile, appealed to rebel candidates to withdraw their nominations and work for the party, as attempts were being made to resolve differences between factions. Parliamentarians and legislators were told to convince strong rebel candidates to withdraw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749410", "title": "Meekin's multiple identities baffle cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Paul Meekin, the sacked headmaster of Trio World School, had multiple email IDs and had accounts under various names on social networking sites. But police are not clear about their content as they haven't been unable to retrieve the mirror image of deleted content of his email and social networking site accounts.\"He has many email IDs and social networking site accounts under various names, mostly British. But he deleted the content soon after the conversations. During investigation, we also learnt he asked his students to give their email IDs to him, saying he needed them to communicate school-related issues,\" highly placed police sources told TOI.Sources added that police found a couple of emails which he hadn't deleted and they were replete with indecent expressions. \"He told recipients things like 'I will spank you, your body parts are attractive and so on,\" they said.Meekin reportedly asked a few boys to share their views on gay activities and opinion on same-sex marriages. \"He always told students he supported homosexual activities as it was part of human life. He argued that just because they're not conventional, the society described them as sin,\" sources revealed.Investigating police plan to hand over the hard disk used by the accused to cyber crime sleuths. \"It's not easy to get mirror images as they need expert knowledge. As a rule, email account providers should retain deleted content at least for a year,\" sources pointed out.Meanwhile, Meekin is cooling his heels in Parappana Agrahara Central Jail after he was handed over to judicial custody on Thursday. Police may seek Meekin's custody again for questioning once British High Commission officers arrive here on Monday.KSCPCR writes to BidariNeena Nayak, chairperson of the Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR), has written to state DG&IGP; Shankar M Bidari, seeking his intervention to get mirror images of Paul Meekin's email conversations at the earliest.\"There are many loopholes in the investigation and I have written to Bidari, requesting him to speed up the investigation,\" Nayak told the TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749794", "title": "Kaiser takes umbrage to Nitish\u2019s remark", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser has taken strong exception to chief minister Nitish Kumar's remarks that the Prime Minister should feel ashamed over the Supreme Court's verdict on 2G spectrum issue and resign.He said the CM should read the SC ruling carefully, particularly page numbers 40 to 43 and 80, which throw light on the 'first come first served' spectrum allocation policy adopted by the then National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government in 2001. He reminded Nitish that he was railway minister in the then NDA government.The SC has clearly stated that if telecom minister A Raja had heeded the advice of the Prime Minister, then the government would not have suffered such a huge revenue loss. Kaiser recalled that the CM had neither ordered a CBI probe into the irregular withdrawal of money from the government treasury as pointed out by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) nor ordered a judicial probe into the BIADA land allotment issue.Moreover, Forbesganj police firing probe report has not come even after eight months and a sub-quota of 4.5 percent within the OBC quota for the backward minorities in educational institutions and government service has not been granted by the state government on the pattern of the Union government.He demanded the CM's clarification over the alleged use of the Bihar State Road Transport Corporation (BSRTC) buses for ferrying people to the election meetings of Nitish Kumar in Uttar Pradesh and seizure of some buses by the Election Commission.With respect to JD(U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwari's remarks, BPCC spokesman Prabhat Kumar Singh reminded him that it was the Congress which had constituted the Kaka Kalelkar Committee for the identification of backward castes and Mungeri Lal Commission in Bihar, and implemented Mandal Commission recommendations across the country.He sought to know if the NDA was ready to amend the Constitution for implementing the recommendations of Rangnath Mishra Commission related to minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "11749494", "title": "Money meant for poor spent on parks, statues: Raj Babbar", "text": "SHRAVASTI: The BSP government spent the money meant for poor lavishly on statues and parks, said Congress MP Raj Babbar while addressing a meeting at Laxmanpur Bazar of Bhinga. He said only the Congress government knows how to take everyone along.Babbar said SP, BSP and BJP do the politics of votes while the Congress believes in the politics of development. He added that if the party is voted to power in UP, the district would develop and the benefits of MNREGA would reach the poor.He said the funds sent by the Central government for the healthcare of poor were embezzled by the BSP ministers.If the Congress forms the government, the poor would be able to avail their rights, said Babbar.Addressing the meeting, Congress leader Pramod Tiwari alleged many BSP ministers are involved in the scam and added that only the Congress can bring about the complete development in the state.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11749440", "title": "Make your travel hi-fi with Blue-Fi", "text": "In a few days, you can browse the internet, download items and receive information on arrival and departure of your train, all free of cost. What better way to spend time while you wait for your train!Coming SoonThe technology integrating Bluetooth with Wi-Fi connectivity will kick off in the third week of February. \"We came up with this idea to make travel more comfortable for commuters. Bluetooth will also be used to sensitize passengers and inform them about safety measures, apart from information on trains' schedule. The Wi-Fi facility will be launched free of cost and comes with unlimited downloading capacity,\" said Sudhanshu Mani, division railway manager.The new facility will be a boon for smartphone users. \"The normal access point of Bluetooth is a few metres, and thus, it can operate within a small area. But here, we are using the access point of Bluetooth similar to that of Wi-Fi, with a range of 100m,\" said K Manohar Raja, general manager, RailTel, Bangalore.How to access it?Blue-Fi can be accessed by switching on Bluetooth in your mobile or laptop and then activating the Wi-Fi option. As soon as the user activates Wi-Fi, they can spot a portal. The user will have to enter her/his name and phone number which will be used for sending the password to enable Wi-Fi. \"The facility is almost similar to the one we have at the international airport, but Bluetooth is an added advantage here. Once the user types the password, she/he can access the internet for the next 30 minutes. If she/he wishes to continue, the password will be fetched again,\" explained Raja.Although the usage is unlimited and free of cost, authorities say that in case of high traffic, the facility may get restricted after the first use.Preventing MisuseThe sites accessed and data downloaded by the user will be captured to track any malpractice or wrong usage of the service. \"We will be responsible for any glitch with security and misuse of this facility. To ensure it's not misused, every session will be mapped to the respective user with the help of mobile service providers,\" said Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11750760", "title": "Reunion of IIT-K 1977 batch begins", "text": "KANPUR: The three-day reunion of 1977 batch of ex-IITians began at IIT-Kanpur on Friday.Amid roars of laughter, the ex-IITians hugged each other and exchanged pleasantries. They were enjoying the 35th year of reunion. The day began with a walk which was roughly 2 to 4 kms long. A formal introduction session was also held. The old pals were happy to see each other. Most of them have come with their spouses. This made the ceremony more memorable.They captured each other on the camera.The old pals recalled the good old days spent in IIT-Kanpur. The alumni said that the five years of their time spent in IITK was the golden period.The ex-IITians were taken on a tour of a campus and shown the new construction. New hostels, academic buildings and sports complex made the ex-IITians happy. Many of them pointed out that the campus had changed a lot. A few of the ex-students went for cycling around the campus. After relishing the food served to them during dinner, the informal session went on where an introductory round was held. The ex-students mentioned about their present job position and the location of work.Late in the evening, several activities were held to entertain the alumni and their family members.TOI met many such ex-IITians whose children were either studying in IIT-Kanpur or had passed out. Harpal Singh's daughter is studying at the same place where he had studied once. Presently, he is holding a senior position in Indian Railways in Kolkata.JP Singh's son Puneet Singh is also studying in the institute. Puneet is pursuing his BTech in Aerospace at IIT-K. Ex-IITian DD Sharma's son Aakash Sharma is also studying in IIT-Kanpur. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752289", "title": "It's Carnival time in Goa!", "text": "Kishore Amati gets you involved in one of the liveliest festivals of India - The Goa CarnivalGoa Carnival, held in February, is one of the most awaited festivals in the country. This year, the Goa Carnival, will be celebrated from 18 February to 22 February. Colourful parades, lively processions, foot tapping music and exotic dance performances are some of the main elements of this carnival that draws tourist attention from all over the world. It is a wonderfully festive manifestation of the gregarious nature and spirit which characterizes the Goan community. The typical guitar music with its enticing rhythm and harmony, heard all over Goa, is part of the rich musical heritage adopted from Portugal. This is one of the busiest festival seasons in Goa; therefore advance reservation is a must.About Goa Carnival The history of Goa Carnival goes back to the times of the Portuguese, who introduced this festival in Goa, more than 500 years ago. The term Carnival means 'to take away meat', thus people avoid meat for 40 days during the period of Lent which follows Carnival. The festival precedes the 40-day abstinence period of Lent and gets concluded on Shrove Tu e s d a y (Fat Tuesday)-the eve of Ash Wednesday, which is the first day of the season of Lent.The festivities During the annual Carnival festival of Goa, people are dressed in the most striking attire. The person portraying himself as King Momo, also known as King of Chaos, presides over the whole event. Street Plays (khell tiatr), songs, dances, and unrehearsed farces mocking the establishment are performed before an enthusiastic, responsive audience. Floats depicting popular lullabies and nursery rhymes make a whimsical and colorful sight on the streets. In the three days of celebrations, cultural functions and competitions abound, and are judged by specially selected people. King Momo distributes the prizes to the winners.The Goa Carnival attracts tourists from India and all over the world. The tourists can make the most of being in the party capital of the country and explore the nightlife and Casinos. John D'costa, Casino Manager, Club Prive at the Holiday Inn Resort Goa says, \"The Carnival season in Goa has indirectly created a tourist attraction for many. Since the carnival celebrations take place early in the evening, the tourists have the nights free, thus they can continue with that spirit and enjoy the rest of the night in the casino. Many casinos offer carnival packages and discounts to give customers the best carnival experience here in Goa itself. It is a time to break free from the regular schedules and come down to Goa to have fun and unwind during this season. Shyam Haridas of Casino Carnival has something to add too. He says, \"Our name Casino Carnival is synonymous with the name Carnival, the ethos of celebrations, family fun &amp; entertainment , therefore, reflects in all that we line up for our patrons during this important event. We have colorful dancers, live bands &amp; King Momo impersonations. We would imagine it would be a fair mix of both - international and domestic tourists this year. If any domestic tourists would outnumber the international tourists as has been the trend in Goa in other seasons for some time now.\" Shrinivas Nayak, Authorised Representative of Casino Pride Group says, \"At Casino Pride, we offer special packages for tourists in order to make them enjoy carnival party. To encourage tourists, we subsidize the entry fees by giving them one time play coupons, unlimited food and drinks on gaming table while playing, unlimited buffet dinner and bollywood dance performance between 9 pm to 11.30 pm. Casino Pride is also equipped with specialized kids zone, where kids are taken care by trained maids while their parents enjoy the party. Kids zone is equipped with toys, video games, bunk beds, soft toys of the comfort and enjoyment of kids\", he says.The Goa Carnival is a unique festival as it is not celebrated in any other part of the country. Be a part of this three day festivity and frenzy and enjoy a spectacular escape from the mundane routine. This year too, King Momo, who presides over the festivities of the Carnival invites you to be a part of one of Goa's much looked forward to celebrations, the Carnival 2012 in Goa!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747790", "title": "PMC superintending engineer discharged", "text": "PUNE: Finding that the alleged complaint of causing financial loss to the tune of over Rs 4.58 crore in the shifting of electric poles in 2007 is baseless, additional chief judicial magistrate V K Yawalkar has discharged PMC superintending engineer (electrical) Shrinivas Kandul.Yawalkar observed that Kandul may have committed indiscipline and irregularities so far as the procedural requirements of the PMC is concerned, but from the complainant Mahendra Dhavade's allegations, it cannot be said that Kandul has committed any offence.The court in its order dated January 16, said: \"I find that if the charges are found to be baseless, Kandul is liable to be discharged even before the evidence is recorded as per section 245 (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code.\"The court had initially ordered the Shivajinagar police to conduct a probe against Kandul under section 156 (3) of the CrPC, but the police gave a final report, dated March 19, 2008, to the court stating that no offence of alleged cheating and forgery was disclosed. The court then issued process against Kandul after Dhavade resisted the police report. Kandul filed a plea to discharge him from the case.Kandul's lawyer S K Jain assisted by Amol Dange and Prasad Kulkarni told the court that he was indicted in a departmental inquiry on charges of alleged irregularities, but the inquiry officer has not given findings to prove that he was involved in a criminal offence.The lawyers submitted that five witnesses, including former PMC chief Mahesh Zagade, was examined before the court, but none of them had deposed against Kandul. Dhavade is not an aggrieved person to lodge an offence of cheating. tnnThe discharge plea was resisted by Dhavade, but the court did not find evidence to proceed against Kandul and discharged him from the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11748930", "title": "10-month-old sold twice", "text": "PANCHKULA: As the country prays for two-year-old Falak, who is fighting for her life at AIIMS, a one-year-and-three-month-old boy from Panchkula, Nishant, was sold twice over after being kidnapped from the Mansa Devi shrine here during Navaratra last year by a couple. Nishant, who was just 10 months old when he was kidnapped, was reunited with his family on Thursday after being recovered from Gurdaspur district in Punjab.Only son of his parents, the child who was kidnapped by a couple from his mother during the Navaratra fair on September 28 last year at Mansa Devi temple. According to the police, the child changed hands from one couple to another.After five months, Nishant was recovered late on Wednesday night by the Panchkula police from Qadian village in Gurdaspur. While the kidnapped boy was first sold for Rs 70,000 to a couple, it was again sold off to another couple for Rs 1.20 lakh,\" said SHO of Mansa Devi Sector-5 police station, Dileep Singh.\"The kid was recovered from the couple which last bought him in Gurdaspur. However, the couple claims that they had found the child abandoned by the roadside. We are ascertaining the selling angle,\" said Panchkula deputy commissioner of police Manish Chaudhary.On September 28 last year, Nishant's parents had been to the Mansa Devi shrine on the first day of the Navratra fair. When Nishant's father Anil went away to make a phone call, a couple approached Nishant's mother, Sarita, and befriended her.Finding Sarita showing signs of tiredness, the couple offered to take care of the child and asked her to go and have water from a tap at a distance. When Sarita returned, the couple had vanished with the child.The police have arrested the main accused, Kashmeer Singh, who kidnapped the child. However, the lady who pretended to be Kashmeer's wife, and the couple they sold Nishant to have not been traced yet.\"Two months before the kidnapping, Singh began staying in Chandigarh with a lady, Aarti from Patiala. Aarti could not bear a child and the two hatched a plan to kidnap Nishant,\" said Dileep Singh.\"Kashmeer Singh, who lives with his father in Qadian, told people in his village that Nishant was his son and began living with Arati posing as a couple. However, Aarti had a scuffle with Kashmeer and they broke up. It was then that the father-son duo decided to sell the child. They struck a deal for Rs 70,000 with another couple in their village, who even paid an advance Rs 5,000. This couple further sold the child to another couple for Rs 1. 20 lakh,\" said Dileep Singh. Nishant is now suffering from chicken pox was not given any medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747931", "title": "Bhujbal accused of 'destroying evidence'", "text": "MUMBAI: After a founder-trustee of Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) filed a criminal complaint against trust chairperson Chhagan Bhujbal for alleged misuse and mismanagement of trust property, truckloads of furniture were allegedly being removed from the trust's building in Bandra.On Thursday, Sunil Karve, who co-founded MET with Bhujbal over two decades ago, sent a letter to the police chief and the Mumbai police's Economic Offences Wing (EOW) through his lawyer Sayaji Nangre, alleging destruction of evidence by Bhujbal. Karve, a chartered accountant, is waiting to see if the police begin an investigation into his fresh complaint.On Wednesday, Bhujbal had denied the allegations. When contacted on Friday, the PWD minister refused to comment on shifting of the furniture saying he was busy with a poll campaign in Nashik.On Wednesday, Karve filed a complaint of alleged breach of trust and misappropriation of Rs 177 crore against the NCP leader. He has also accused Bhujbal of using an entire floor in the trust's Bandra building for his family-run furniture business.\"From that night (Wednesday) till this afternoon (Friday), large trucks loaded with imported furniture from their showroom have been leaving the MET premises in what is apparently an attempt to remove evidence,\" said Karve.The furniture business is promoted by Bhujbal's daughter-in-law Vishakha and the wife of his nephew, Sameer. Karve told TOI that the furniture showroom was set up in 2006 and showcased bedroom sets. The showroom, he said, was spread across 15,000 sq ft on the 8th floor of the trust building at Bandra Reclamation. \"It took time to dismantle the sets and three huge trucks were filled up this afternoon,\" Karve told TOI, adding that he has photographs and video recording to show how the furniture was moved out.The land was leased to the trust by the civic administration for educational purposes only. The showroom caused losses to the trust as Bhujbal, despite assurances that they would pay market rent, failed to do so, said Karve. \"We are not arriving at figures out of thin air,\" he said, adding that the trust has leased out part of the building to two other companies , including Marico,from which it earns a substantial rent.There are four Bhujbals on the trust. Karve said, \"I am the lone outsider and decided to fight to save the institution as I was distressed to see them destroy the academic environment of the institute which is my baby, whichI nurtured night and day for two decades.\" Karve alleged that the Bhujbals' personal staff blocked entry to mediapersons he had given an appointment to on Friday.Bhujbal had denied highhandedness by his staff or family. He said, \"Ultimately all decisions are taken by the trustees. No one is misusing the trust property or causing it losses.\" The complaint, he stressed, was timed to target him ahead of the civic elections.Karve said, \"I had to be thorough in my complaint.I spent two months gathering all the relevant information as I had to keep in mind who I was up against.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750757", "title": "Cancer, now a lifestyle disease", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's not cancer that kills anymore. It's the lifestyle choices people make that does. This World Cancer Day, being observed on February 4, city oncologists put the blame on denizens for inviting the medical condition in most cases. They say cancer is no longer an \"unforeseen\" ailment in at least 70% cases. It's the lifestyle of the person that is to blame, much like in the case of diabetes and hypertension.Ironically, the awareness levels among people have improved tremendously, with many going for screenings and tests to rule out cancer. This has also led to early detection and thus cure. Sadly, however, the improved awareness fails to reflect in the lifestyle of people, particularly those who can afford treatment in private hospitals.Doctors note that the improved awareness has failed to check the incidence of cancer, which is rising by the day. If MNJ Institute of Oncology is recording 10,000 new cases of cancer every year, the estimated 1,000 beds in city across private cancer hospitals are falling short by the same number to accommodate the burgeoning number of cancer cases. \"We have 14 lakh new cases per annum in India, a figure expected to rise by another one lakh by next year. By 2014, cancer will be the biggest killer,\" says Dr Mohana Vamsy, founder, Omega Hospitals.Of these rising numbers, many cases can be prevented, say doctors. \"At least 70% cancers can be dealt with. Only 20% are sudden mutations,\" says Dr Vijay Anand Reddy, director, Apollo Cancer Institute. He points out the rising cases of oral and tongue cancers and also that of gastrointestinal cancers. \"It's tobacco, high fat and high salt diet to blame,\" Dr Reddy says, also adding that physical exercise missing from people's routines that is putting them at risk. Besides, many of the cancers have a strong relation to obesity. For instance, both breast cancer and colon cancer, obesity is a risk factor. And all that leads to obesity (alcohol, fatty food and lack of exercise) can eventually lead to this condition as well, warn doctors.That younger people are walking into cancer hospitals is a matter of concern, doctors say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11752771", "title": "SMS will now be treated as train ticket", "text": "MUMBAI: Booking an outstation train ticket is much easier now. All it requires is a few keystrokes on your cellphone. The ticket comes in the form of an SMS, which can be shown to the ticket checker instead of a paper ticket.Railway officials said there was good response to the Mobile Rail Ticket Booking Service, which has been introduced by the IRCTC. Tickets can be booked on the mobile website: www.irctc.co.in/mobile.The IRCTC mobile website is convenient and easy to use, and can be accessed from any browser enabled mobile having basic GPRS activated on the phone.After initial registration and downloading the genuine IRCTC software on the mobile handset with internet facility, passengers can book a ticket through the mobile.After booking, the passenger will receive a reservation message with complete details of the ticket including PNR, Train No, date of journey, class, etc. This virtual message will be treated at par with the print-out of the e-ticketThe simple authorised SMS will have all the vital details, and when displayed through laptops/palmtops/mobile phones combined with valid photo-id in original shall be treated as a valid ticket, an official said. This will take paperless ticketing to the next level, he stated.Apart from booking a ticket, users can also make an inquiry through a mobile phone about a reservation, check the booked ticket's history (tickets whose date of journey is due will be visible) or just cancel a ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748423", "title": "Discom launches drive to track, replace faulty meters", "text": "GURGAON: Flooded with complaints regarding faulty electricity meters, the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) has launched a massive exercise to track and replace them in the Gurgaon region. The discom started tracking faulty meters last week when it was found that over 12,000 electricity meters installed in 2008 didn't match the technical specifications.The technical wing of the DHBVN stumbled on the faulty meters during a quality check drive when it was found that a device which regulates voltage fluctuation was not functioning properly in them. \"This particular device was not working properly in a particular series of the meters and the decision to recall the entire series of the meters was taken,\" said a senior DHBVN official.A copy of the order regarding recalling the 12,000 meters is with TOI. The discom is now digging out records of the meters installed in various houses in Gurgaon and other places for replacement. The particular series of the faulty meters was supplied to several districts including Gurgaon. So far, over 1,000 such meters have been tracked and the number can go up to thousands in Gurgaon.Due to the faulty device, a large number of meters had been damaged because of frequent voltage fluctuations in the city.\"The consumers will be informed and the meters will be replaced with immediate effect,\" said the official. The faulty meters have been a big headache for the discom. The Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC), in its report, had expressed concern about more and more meters procured from private companies found faulty. The report stated that the performance of the meters was dismal and were causing high losses to the DHBVN.About 1.4 lakh defective energy meters are awaiting replacement ending September 2010 and in addition about 6 lakh working electromechanical meters also need to be replaced. The existence of a large number of defective and electromechanical meters is the reason behind pilferage of power and under assessment of energy, adding to power and revenue loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750657", "title": "\u2018CBI should fix politicians too\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the IAS officers in the state are up in arms over the arrest of two of their colleagues in the Emaar scam and illegal mining case, two former bureaucrats who have served GOI in top positions have said that the law is taking its course with respect to corrupt officials and that politicians guilty of graft are not far from being brought to book.\"In my opinion, unless there is a collusion between the politician and bureaucrat, corruption is not possible,\" said former Union home secretary K Padmanabaiah, who belonged to the Maharashtra cadre of the IAS. \"However, if a GO is issued in line with what has been decided, the bureaucrat alone cannot be held responsible,\" he added.However, Padmanabaiah wondered why the CBI is not taking action against the politicians who are allegedly involved in the various scams being probed by it in the state. \"The last time I spoke to the media, I said the CBI is still carrying out investigations and needs more time to book the politicians. However, now, I am convinced that the CBI is not taking action against the politicians,\" he said.Whoever is guilty should be booked. In the Jagan assets case, the CBI said it will probe the quid pro quo investments made by many private parties in the companies floated by the YSR son, but it is not doing that. It is clear that politicians are involved in the Jagan assets and Emaar cases, but why is the CBI not going after them,\" the former home secretary wondered.\"If one compares the CBI investigations with the 2G scam in Delhi and the various scams in the state, there appears to be an imbalance,\" Padmanabaiah said. While several politicians have already been booked in the 2G scam, nothing of this sort is happening in the state, he added.Referring to the recent demand of the AP IAS officers that ministers should also be made to sign on the GOs, Padmanabaiah said no such practice exists anywhere in the country. \"It is a wrong demand. The bureaucrats must ensure that the file notings by the minister is clear and also ensure that the same is accurately reflected in the GO,\" he said.Former Union power secretary E A S Sarma, however, was more optimistic than Padmanabaiah of the chance of the CBI booking the corrupt politicians. \"The scams in the state are being monitored by the courts. In the end, the agency is accountable to the court. That is why I am of the view that all the guilty in the various scams will be brought to justice,\" he said.On the issue of arrest of two IAS officers from the state, Sarma said: \"Whether it is a minister or a civil servant they are all accountable to the law of the land. The civil servant has a very important role to play. In the current scams being probed by the CBI, it is very clear that many politicians are directly involved. They should all be proceeded against,\" said Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11749609", "title": "Sena MLA, activists ransack EE's office", "text": "BHANDARA: Police have registered offences against Shiv Sena MLA Narendra Bhondekar and party workers for allegedly ransacking the office of the executive engineer of rehabilitation division of Gosikhurd project at village Ambadi on Monday afternoon.Bhondekar and around 20 Sena workers entered the office and enquired about executive engineer UN Wakodikar. When the woman peon said he had gone to Nagpur, Bhondekar and activists allegedly entered the chamber and broke chairs and partition. tnnand tore official papers kept on the table.When Wakodikar learnt about the incident, he acquainted the district collector who was also present at the meeting. Wakodikar came to Bhandara the next day and lodged a complaint against the MLA and Sena workers. They have been booked under sections 143,147,451 and 427 (3) of Indian Penal Code. However, no action has been taken against the law breakers till date.Wakodikar said that Bhondekar was enraged due to disconnection of electric supply to two project-affected villages. A majority of the people of these villages has already been shifted to new rehabilitation settlements.Bhondekar was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11750147", "title": "We still feel unsafe: Pipili rape victim's family to NCW", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Notwithstanding the presence of police in the village, family members of the alleged Pipili gang rape victim told the National Commission for Women (NCW) on Friday that they still don't feel safe at home.They expressed their feelings to NCW member secretary Anita Agnihotri when she visited the village. The girl's mother narrated the entire sequence of events to Agnihotri and sought protection and justice for her daughter, who, in a coma, is now under treatment at the SCB Medical College and Hospital at Cuttack.The girl's mother said her daughter was targeted after she decided to pose as a witness in court to the incident of some local anti-social elements molesting her next-door friend in 2008. She said since then the entire family had been receiving 'threats' in some form or the other.The NCW functionary also visited the paddy field near the minor Dalit girl's house, from where she was rescued on the morning of November 28 in an unconscious and half-naked state.Agnihotri, who was in the village for about 30 minutes, later visited the Pipili police station and held talks with the new district SP, who reportedly told her that police had so far not received any complaint from the girl's family of any threat to their life or any other harassment being meted out to them. Sources said, Agnihotri would submit her report in about 10 days.Meanwhile, the Odisha State Commission for Women (OSCW) has also submitted a report to the chief minister on the Pipili incident, highlighting the sequence of events. The OSCW in its report expressed surprise at how doctors, both at the Capital hospital and at the SCB, did not inform police even after detecting \"injury caused on the neck of the victim due to partial hanging\". \"As per law, if any information is received by doctors regarding partial hanging, it is their duty to inform the concerned police station immediately. But in this case the doctor has not done this. Had it been informed by the doctors to the police station on November 29, 2011, I think police would have initiated its own action,\" the commission said.It suggested the government to initiate steps against the doctors for their \"negligence\". The commission also suggested action against doctors of SCB for \"discharging the victim on December 14, 2011 when she was not cured and rather her condition was serious\". The report said had \"proper steps\" been taken by the doctors, \"the health of the victim would not have deteriorated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11748412", "title": "'Clamp down on pvt schools will compromise quality education'", "text": "AJMER: As the education department issue strict warnings to public and private schools against flouting provisions of the Right To Education Act, 2009, from the coming academic session, authorities of these school rued the clampdown saying quality education would be compromised if the government ended their autonomy.The department's directive came at a time when the public and private schools are awaiting a Supreme Court verdict to decide on their autonomy. These schools are now waiting for a favourable decision from the apex court to exempt them from the compulsory free admission of 25 per cent of their total seats for students from the deprived category.Recently, the department organized a district-level workshop here at zilla parishad office and instructed the private schools to implement the provisions of RTE from next coming session.Reacting to the department's directive, Damodar Goyal, president of the Rajasthan unaided and private schools association, said, \"The government is now finishing the autonomy of these schools and that means quality education is in danger.\"Goyal argued that since only 20 per cent schools are private, the rest are government schools, \"the government should improve their schools first if it is serious about imparting quality education\". He added that the hearing in Supreme Court on the issue was over in last August and now the schools are waiting for the verdict.Private schools accused that the department is only concerned with the admission of 25 per cent admission but not give importance on other regulations in the Act. \"We, too, are concerned and wanted every child of the state to get quality education but finishing the private school set up in the process will only pull them down to the level of government schools,\" a principal of a public school claimed.However, the nodal head of the RTE in the state, Rajeev Tiwari, said, \"They have to follow the rules and we are watching them now. We have asked them to submit their process of admissions.\"Earlier, the department had issued notices to all public and private school and warned them that their registration will be canceled if they do not follow the regulations of RTE. \"Besides checking on private and public schools, we have also constituted teams to look into schools running in streets and in few rooms. Every principal of a senior secondary government school is the nodal head who will check the papers and infrastructure of that school. If it is found that they are not registered with department, criminal case will be registered against them\" Tiwari said.\"We are hoping that everyone, including local people and parents, will support the cause,\" said education officer Bhagchand Mandawaliya.Under the RTE Act, schools have to give 25 per cent seats to the weaker section of society in their starting classes report to the department. \"The government will provide the budget for the efforts of these schools in this social cause,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747886", "title": "2 college students killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: Two college students, who were riding a motorcycle in no-entry zone on old Sangam bridge, died after they were knocked down by an unidentified vehicle. The incident took place around 12.45 am on Friday. The Faraskhana police have identified the deceased as Ashutosh Vidhubushan Singh (23) of Jagjitnagar, Aundh and Sanchit Gupta (23) of Aundh, both hailing from Uttar Pradesh. Assistant police inspector of the Faraskhana police station, A B Phuge, said that the incident took place when the youths were coming towards Shivajinagar from Pune station on their motorcycle. \"The entry on the old bridge for vehicles coming from Pune station is restricted,\" Phuge said. Phuge said that an unidentified vehicle knocked down the motorcycle. Gupta died on the spot, while Singh succumbed during treatment at a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749855", "title": "Sardessai files police complain on hacked email", "text": "MARGAO: Congress general secretary and aspirant for the Congress ticket from Fatorda, Vijai Sardessai, lodged a complain with the South Goa SP on Friday, stating that his email account has been hacked by unknown persons.Sardessai, in his complaint, pointed out that on January 28 and 30, his email account was accessed by persons from two different countries.Based on the complaint, the police have registered a case against unknown accused under the IT Act and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11750117", "title": "Sabyasachi Panda bodyguard surrenders", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A Maoist cadre, serving as the bodyguard of top Red leader Sabyasachi Panda, surrendered before Ganjam SP Rajesh Patil at Chhatrapur in Ganjam district on Friday.The rebel, identified as Rajendra Kumar Raita alias Suraj alias Sangram, (23) from Kutuniganda village in Adava police station area, was reportedly involved in several major Maoist offensives in Ganjam, Gajapati and Rayagada districts in the last two years, including the firing incident at Kerubadi.Sources said Raita was an active member of the Ghumusara division of the CPI (Maoist). He also imparted training to new cadres about the Maoist ideology and the party's social and political views.Raita reportedly decided to leave the organization after seeing women cadres being exploited in the Maoist camps, mainly by leaders from Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh. They also did not allow them to return to their villages. Raita told police that the rift between the Odia and Telugu cadres intensified in the camps after the entry of Manoj alias Bhaskar from Andhra Pradesh to Odisha. Maoist cadres from Chhattisgarh, like Sunil and Sadhu, also harassed the Odia cadres, he alleged.Differences of opinion between the Odia and non-Odia cadres have forced may Red rebels to surrender in recent times. In the last week of January, a woman cadre, Tabita Mallick alias Rita from Adava, had surrendered in Gajapati citing the same reason.Police said they had got several information about the Maoist organization and its hideouts, from Raita. These would help them known more about the movement of the left-wing ultras in the state. \"He was revealed many things and these will be help us a lot in future,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748725", "title": "CPM worker beats up woman", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The harrowing experience of getting flogged by a CPM member in front of her students has taken a toll on the Anganwadi schoolteacher S Sreekumary.Though she turned up for job on Friday, she was visibly shattered. It was on Thursday noon that Anilkumar, a CPM local committee member at Anchuthnegu near Varkala, beat up the 46-year-old woman for not donating money for the CPM party conference.\"I have been working as a teacher for the last 29 years. I have never had such a bitter experience. I am shocked,\" she said. According to her when she declined to contribute to the CPM, Anilkumar started threatening her.\"He was drunk and I asked him to leave the place. He then flew into a fit of rage and slapped me on my face,\" she said.When the schoolteacher tried to back away, Anilkumar pursued her with a wooden club and beat her on her back. The teacher had to seek medical help after the incident.Later the CPM member was arrested by the local police on various charges including assaulting a woman and remanded in judicial custody.Even after his arrest, Sreekumary, who lives with her husband and a daughter in Varkala, feels she is not safe and fears revenge.According to her Anilkumar has been forcing people to pay for party funds.\"Four days ago, he came to the Anganwadi and demanded money for the party meet. I refused and he started abusing me in front of the students. The children were scared and I had to force him to leave,\" she said. But on the same day, he went to a nearby veterinary hospital and abused the doctor for not paying the money he asked for.Though she is happy about the police action, she is apprehensive. \"If I had not complained, he would have got away. I am glad that he is behind the bars. But honestly I am a bit scared,\" she said.Anilkumar, a CPM local committee member at Anchuthnegu near Varkala, beats up the 46-year-old woman for not donating money for the CPM party conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753071", "title": "Meet the father of the Bengali comic strip", "text": "His comic appeal keeps everyone from eight to 80 in splits even now. TOI flipped through the pages with Narayan Debnath, the creator of Bengal's original superhero, Bantul .Back in 1957, I used to sit on the stairs of my ancestral home in Howrah, watching boys playing on the streets all afternoon. In those days, there were fewer cars, so kids were allowed to be out till sundown. I would sit for hours watching them play, tease each other, break into fights, play pranks on passers-by. Nijer monei hashtam oder kando dekhe. Handa-Bhonda was born out of these fragmented experiences.\"It's a chilly winter evening. We're with Narayan Debnath, the father of the Bengali comic strip, at his Howrah home - the same one where he saw those kids playing and found inspiration for the iconic Handa-Bhonda strip. Much has changed since then: there are more cars, more people, more noise. But the space that Debnath's characters - Handa-Bhonda, Bantul The Great, Bahadur Beral, Nonte-Phonte - inhabit has got immortalized in time, in the 18 frames on the pages of Shuktara and in our chhotobela.That's the key to the popularity of Debnath's characters. Hundreds of his books are selling at this year's book fair. Not far from his home, in a swanky Kolkata bookstore, kids are picking up Nonte-Phonte comics, translated into English. \"Though the English comic strip and graphic novel, as genres, are becoming popular, no Bengali comic artist in recent times has generated the response that Narayan Debnath gets. His works are bestsellers, and in terms of sales we do very good business on his titles, around 30-45% of the category sales,\" says a spokesperson of Oxford Bookstores.Debnath himself had no clue about Tintin or Asterix when he started Handa-Bhonda and Bantul The Great. Tintin in English first arrived on Indian shores only in the second half of the '60s and Debnath drew Handa-Bhonda in 1962 for Shuktara.\"I know about Asterix and Tintin but haven't seriously read any,\" he says, admitting that the first time he actually saw a Tintin comic up close was when someone gifted his granddaughter Shurjodeber Bondi, the Bengali translation of Prisoners of the Sun.So how did it all start? \"I was interested in drawing and illustrations from a very young age. I was in the Indian Art College when World War II was on. After five years, I started doing freelance illustrations for ad agencies and created movie slides and logos. In 1950, Dev Sahitya Kutir, the publishing house, got in touch with me. I spent about a decade illustrating children's comic books and creating covers for translations of Western novels. I started Handa-Bhonda in 1962 for Shuktara. How did I do them? Shotti ghotona gulo ke golper moto shajiye nitam. Once I ran out of ideas, I depended on my imagination.\"From his imagination too sprang the original Bengali superhero, Bantul The Great. \"Bantul was born a year after Handa-Bhonda. One day, I was returning from College Street when the idea of creating a larger-than-life character with a weird-shaped body - a massive torso, chicken legs and the head of a boy - struck me. I thought of the name Bantul first and then gave him physical attributes. The name was just as random as the physical appearance,\" admits Debnath.Debnath attributed Bantul with an aura of invincibility during the Bangladesh War in 1971. The character was subsequently seen hurling tanks at adversaries, firing canon balls with his breath and displaying superpowers unseen during that era. \"I was asked by my editor and publisher to turn Bantul into a superhero. I had no idea about Superman or Spiderman. The only foreign strip I had seen was Tarzan. It wasn't difficult to imagine Bantul as a superhero but I was worried that it might create legal issues as most of the subcontinent was at war at that time. Thankfully, the 'new' Bantul was liked by all and became very popular,\" he says.Now, television channels have lapped up the idea of animation series based on Debnath's creations. Says Arijit Bhadra of the production house that created the animated Bantul, \"Animation in Bengali is not possible without Bantul or Handa-Bhonda. Bantul has been on air for almost a year now and we've had tremendous response. When we approached Narayanbabu for permission to use his characters, he welcomed the idea.\"Broadcasters couldn't agree more. \"Narayan Debnath's comics - especially Bantul - cut across socioeconomic categories. Bantul is more popular than Chhota Bheem and other such programmes,\" says Taniya Chakrabarti, manager of programming of the channel that airs the Bantul series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748632", "title": "Traffic police up ante against street parking", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have bought 17 new tow trucks to crack down on illegal parking. A total of 30 tow trucks will patrol Adyar, T Nagar and Anna Nagar from next Thursday to discourage on-street parking that causes congestion.Each vehicle will patrol two streets for 10 days. \"Once people are conditioned not to park, we will move to other streets,\" said a police officer. \"The trucks will return to the first street after a while on rotation, so that people do not take the rules lightly,\" he added.Police are also training inspectors to run awareness programmes in schools. Each inspector will visit two schools and figure out the parking spaces available.\"Schools are causing big parking problems. The inspectors will work with parents and the school administration to come up with permanent solutions,\" said a senior police officer. \"We are considering allowing parking on one side of the street on some roads,\" he added.Fines will also be increased. The penalty for illegal parking is currently 50. \"Towing charges will be included in the new penalty, which will be around 300 for two-wheelers. The rates will be decided soon,\" said the officer.\"The demand for parking space is infinite. We need to discourage parking by making it expensive,\" said an officer. Experts say the parking fee must be calculated based on the current market value of land in the area.Electronic parking meters have been installed at nine spots in Anna Nagar, Adyar and Purasawalkam and these will start functioning by Wednesday, said officials from Smart Parking India, a private agency that set up the meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11749238", "title": "Atiq Ahmed gets bail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday granted bail to ex-MP Atiq Ahmed in a case lodged under the Gangster Act.The court after granting bail to Atiq directed that he can be released if he was not wanted in any other case. Atiq has been in jail since 2008.After the Mayawati government came to power in the state, several criminal cases were lodged against him and he was later arrested and sent to jail.In 2009, a case under the Gangster Act was registered against him with Dhoomanganj police station of Allahabad.Justice DP Singh granted bail to Atiq in the Gangster Act. The court after hearing the parties had reserved the order on February 1 on the bail application of Atiq. The court delivered the order on Friday. The court was jam-packed when the order was pronounced in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11749520", "title": "Wi-fi usage at Mysore station drops", "text": "MYSORE: The scenario is different at Mysore railway station. When the Wi-Fi facility was inaugurated in July 2010 - India's first station to offer the facility under PPP model - the platform was chock-a-block with passengers glued to their laptops while waiting for their train.Today, however, the number of people using this facility is plummeting. Thanks to high-end mobiles, passengers are opting for Wi-Fi connectivity on their cellphones to browse the internet.The Wi-Fi facility, targeting tech-savvy tourists and IT professionals on the move , provides seamless connectivity within 200-metre radius, which covers 90% of the station premises.\"The demand has come down,\" admits Anup Dayanand Sadhu, Mysore divisional senior commercial manager. Travellers browse on their mobile phones. Only tablet users opt for the service now, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747909", "title": "Cakewalk for NCP corporator", "text": "PUNE: Sitting NCP corporator Shakuntala Dharade is the lone candidate in the race for the municipal elections from ward no 57, Pimpale Gurav. The final result will be announced by the election department.Dharade is contesting from ward no 57, reserved for women from the Scheduled Tribe(ST) category. Two other candidates Savita Munde and Vimal Ghode had submitted their nomination forms and their forms were found valid. However, they withdrew their nominations on Friday and as a result Dharade is the lone candidate who remains in the fray.Senior officials in the election department said that they will send a report to the state election commission about the candidates who were in the fray. It will determine whether the candidates have withdrawn the nominations under pressure and then declare the winner.Dharade said, \"My opponents have withdrawn their nominations. They are NCP workers and said we should work together.\"In 2007, NCP corporator Javed Shaikh was elected unopposed from Akurdi. Earlier, Azam Pansare, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP had been elected unopposed in 1992 from Chinchwad station ward. Usha Gajbhar was elected unopposed from ward from Gandhinagar slum ward in 1997.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749771", "title": "Five officials of insurance firm under CBI scanner for causing loss of Rs 273 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is probing the role of five officials of a national insurance company in allegedly causing a loss of over Rs 273 crore by issuing two insurance policies to a private telecom firm to cover its defaults in payment. Official sources said the probe agency has written to National Insurance Company Limited (NICL) seeking sanction for prosecution against the five officials serving at middle management level.\"We have written to NICL seeking sanction for prosecution against five of its serving officials for their involvement in the case. The necessary action will be taken against them once we receive the permission,\" a source said.In March, 2005, the Central Vigilance Commission had forwarded a complaint alleging irregularities in issuance of insurance policies by NICL to a private telecom provider for coverage of default payments to CBI for discreet inquiry and report. The allegations were that during 2002-2004, NICL officials in connivance with officials of the private telecom firm signed two MoUs.\"Terms and conditions in the MoUs signed between NICL and the firm were in deviation from the standard policy and favourable to the party,\" the source said.On the basis of the said agreements, NICL issued two special contingency policies (SCPs) from the Kalyan division office of NICL in Mumbai. \"During the enquiry it was found that the officials of Mumbai Regional office of NICL and Kalyan division office of NICL committed serious illegalities in connivance with officials of telecom provider which resulted into wrongful loss of Rs 273.12 crore,\" he said.After a discreet inquiry, CBI registered a regular case against several officials of NICL and the private telecom provider under different sections of IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act in December last year. During the investigation, it was found that the NICL while issuing both policies did not carry out risk analysis and absence of \"application of mind\" which caused huge loss, the source said.Besides, NICL had also surrendered the basic right of the insurer to review and opt for cancellation of the policy in case negative trends are noticed. \"In majority of claims of the subscribers spread over various parts of country, the reports pertaining to the theft/burglary, fire, investigation reports were not appended. The investigation further revealed that in respect of subscribers under default insurance cover for telecom services policy, in majority of claims of the subscribers, the subscribers could not be located on account of their addresses not being proper,\" he said.Sources said NICL officials processed the bogus claims amounting to Rs 120.60 crore lodged without proper verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752734", "title": "Film industry to strike on Feb 23", "text": "Film production all over the country will be shut down protesting the Central Government's proposal to levy service taxThe Film Federation of India (FFI) has called for a strike by all film bodies in the country protesting the Central Government's proposal to levy service tax for films.At a joint meeting of all the film associations, convened by the FFI on January 10 in Chennai, it was decided to request the finance minister to remove the levy of service tax on copyright. A core committee comprising senior members of the film industry, along with members of parliament, have presented detailed statistics stating the losses of the film industry and the meagre success rate to the finance minister. But they are still waiting for a reply from the ministry.The Tamil film industry has also decided to lend its support to this token protest.\"Since the service tax is levied by the central government, it affects all film industries in India. So, the Tamil film industry will also join other members in this one-day protest,\" confirms the Tamil Film Producers' Council (TFPC) president S A Chandrasekharan.The FFI is of the view that for the past 10 years, only 7-8 per cent of the films from all over India have been successful but the government, carried away by the collections of hits like Bodyguard, feels the film industry is making huge profits. But the success rate in the industry has been declining year after year. \"The film industry is already burdened with the entertainment tax and VAT being levied by several states. Unfortunately, producers, distributors and exhibitors cannot pass on the service tax to the consumer since all the state governments have put a cap on the rates of admission in theatres,\" said a press release.L Suresh, honorary secretary of the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce (SIFCC), adds that while the one-day strike will be a \"token protest\", the film bodies will be deciding on further plans to make their plea heard by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748536", "title": "Last date to remit exam fee", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Last date for remitting examination fee without fine for the first professional MBBS (additional batch) exam is till February 16 and with fine till March 16. An additional Rs 300 should be paid as camp fee. Fee for the M Tech (full time/part time- 2008 scheme regular/supplementary) exam can be paid from March 5 till February 10 without fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747509", "title": "MNS, Congress pay price for silly mistakes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) lost its claim on one seat for the civic elections and the party has itself to blame for it. Mohammed Rafique Sorthiya from ward 220 (Null Bazaar to Khara Talao) was disqualified on Friday after his candidature was found \"invalid\" during scrutiny by election returning officer Satyanarayan Bajaj.Sorthiya's candidature was rejected on grounds of a declaration in his affidavit, in which he claimed to be the father of five children, including three born after September 10, 2001. As per norms, a parent of a third child born after the 2001 deadline is not eligible to contest. The party, which took exams of aspirants and insisted on roping in literate candidates, failed to verify this basic detail. The party also did not field any back-up candidate.Thackeray was said to be particularly upset about the error and Shariq Deshmukh, a vibhagpramukh for the region in which the ward is and other local functionaries attracted his ire. Party general secretary Shirish Sawant indicated that the party was not informed by Sorthiya about his children while finalizing nominations.Deshmukh said Sorthiya was absent from a party camp to explain nuances related to elections. He conceded that the form was not scrutinized by the party before submission. Allaudin Rathod, an independent from the ward, was disqualified on similar grounds.The Congress was also forced to change nominations for three seats.Suvarna Madhyalkar, a corporator nominated from ward 32 in Malad, was found invalid with her affidavit not containing the notary's signature. Youth Congress worker Chetan Mahovia and his supporters objected when her form came up for scrutiny.\"This angered Suverna's husband, Prakash. Mahovia claimed Prakash manhandled and threatened him. The election officer later rejected the form as it was incomplete,\" a police official said. Mahovia has filed a non-cognizable complaint against Prakash at the Malad police station. Jyoti Vaity is likely to take her place.Annu Chauraisya (ward 217) missed out for the absence of a caste validity certificate and will be replaced by Priti Kudale. Rajendra Kamble will replace Sachin Sakat (126), disqualified on Thursday after he identified himself as an 'independent'.Teresa Francisca Falcon's nomination was rejected as she was unable to produce a valid caste certificate. Falcon is a Bandra activist who was to be fielded by Mumbai 227, a platform launched by concerned citizens to promote independent citizen candidates. She was to contest from ward 96, a Bandra gaothan ward, and has been fighting court battles to check encroachments in public spaces.The Nationalist Congress Party, Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena maintained a clean slate.(With inputs from Nitasha Natu and Linah Baliga)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747327", "title": "EC provision for free elector rolls to benefit big parties", "text": "VARANASI: Most candidates contesting assembly elections are avoiding expenditure on purchasing elector rolls this time due to the latest provision of the Election Commission (EC) to distribute voter's slip. However, it is only eight prominent parties that are benefiting from this provision and those contesting on ticket of other political parties or as independent would have to spend money to procure the set of elector roll of an assembly area.It is the first time when the EC has issued directive to distribute the voter's slip containing photograph of the voter with other details like name, booth number and also the serial number among voters at their places. Deputy chief election commissioner Alok Shukla on Thursday had also assured that such slips would be made available at the counters being arranged at all polling stations to facilitate the voters. The provision had already been disclosed among the candidates with the beginning of the poll process.Perhaps due to the same reason, the candidates contesting assembly election are not thinking about purchasing elector rolls. According to assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra, as per the prescribed norms of the EC, the candidates of only eight parties including Bharatiya Janata Party, Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party, CPI, CPM, Rashtriya Lok Dal and Nationalist Congress Party are entitled to get one set of elector roll in each assembly area free of cost after the publication of the finalist list of candidates. \"Candidates contesting on the ticket of other political parties or as independent would have to spend money to procure the set of elector roll of any assembly area,\" he pointed out.When the district election office staff were contacted, it was found that to get a copy of one set of elector roll of any assembly area, the candidate would have to spend 75 paise per page. As per this per page cost, the total cost of one set of elector roll of Pindra assembly area is Rs 9,838, Ajgara (SC) Rs 9,706, Shivpur Rs 9,045, Rohania Rs 9,639, City North Rs 10,508, City South Rs 8,955, Cantonment Rs 10,935 and Sevapuri assembly area is Rs 8,994. After the publication of final list of candidates, 28 candidates are left in the fray for City North assembly area, 22 at Rohania, 24 at Cantonment, 12 at City South, 12 at Shivpur, 21 at Ajgara (SC), 14 at Pindra and 16 candidates in Sevapuri assembly constituency.However, except for those who had to get the sets of elector rolls free of cost, not a single candidate has turned up to buy a set of elector from any assembly area so far. The election office staff who have also the experience of past general elections said in the past only dummy candidates used to avoid spending money on copies of elector roll, \"but this time no one is turning up to procure it.\" The political parties that are entitled to get elector roll free of cost are finding that the provision initiated by the EC has reduced the expenditure made on preparing several sets of elector roll to provide to the party workers for preparing voters slips and to keep at party's counters outside the polling stations.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748410", "title": "Heavyweights behind SC\u2019s 2G blow to govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The PIL that resulted in cancelling of 121 licences for 2G spectrum in the Supreme Court was backed by a galaxy of heavyweights, including three former Chief Election Commissioners, a former Central Vigilance Commissioner, an ex-Naval chief and a retired top cop.Urging SC to quash the 2G licences and deliver an authoritative pronouncement on distribution of national resources/assets were J M Lyngdoh, T S Krishnamurthi, N Gopalasamy (all former CECs), P Shanker (ex- CVC), Julio F Ribeiro (former Mumbai Police Commissioner and DGP Punjab and Gujarat) Admiral R H Tahiliyani (ex-Naval chief) and Paranjoy Guha Thakurta (senior journalist).Apart from individuals, the PIL was supported by civil society organizations - Centre for Public Interest Litigation, Common Cause, Lok Satta and Telecom Watchdog - who together apprised the court of the huge scam that resulted in loss to the public exchequer.Former Naval chief Admiral R H Tahiliyani welcomed the SC order, and termed it as the first step that would go a long way in eradicating deep-rooted corruption in the country. \"Problem starts with the government, when we have ministers like A Raja it become the responsibility of every responsible citizen to oppose the government's designs and loot of the country. We are lucky to have a combative lawyer in Prashant Bhushan who put forward our arguments before the SC. Now we must wait and see how the trial unfolds and the subsequent developments,\" Tahiliyani, who has also been a chairman of Transparency International India, said, told TOI.The SC recognized the spirit in which these petitioners approached the apex court and lauded them. It hailed the \"vigilance of some enlightened citizens\" for saving scarce natural resources from being grabbed by those having manipulative skills and \"money power\". \"But for the vigilance of some enlightened citizens who held important constitutional and other positions and discharge their duties in larger public interest and non-governmental organizations, which have been constantly fighting for clean governance and accountability of the constitutional institutions, unsuspecting citizens and the nation would never have known how scarce natural resource spared by the Army has been grabbed by those who enjoy money power and who have been able to manipulate the system,\" a bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly noted giving credit to all the petitioners.Ribiero viewed the SC ruling as a necessary corrective against the \"cavalier manner\" in which licence allotment was done. \"Governance can improve only when all of us are more alert. Otherwise the government can always take us for a ride. Citizens need to be vigilant,\" the cop also credited with combating terrorism in Punjab said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11750377", "title": "Rain, snow likely from Feb 4 onwards", "text": "SHIMLA: After witnessing bright sunshine for a few days, the sky in Shimla remained heavily overcast on Friday, with the city getting a mild sprinkle of rainfall in late afternoon along with chilly winds. Keylong recorded the lowest temperature in the state at -10.3 degrees Celsius. Shimla observed maximum temperature of 15.1 degrees Celsius and minimum of 5.5 degrees.According to the local met office , presence of fresh western disturbance is likely to cause snowfall in higher altitudes in the state and rain or mild snow may occur in the lower and mid hills respectively. The western disturbance will be active from Friday evening onwards and will cause snow in higher reaches and rainfall along with thunder showers in lower and mid hills on Saturday and the western disturbance will again be active from February 6 in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752694", "title": "Dhanush, Anushka bat for Sachin!", "text": "The Kolaveri star has composed and featured in an anthem with the actress to celebrate the cricketing icon.Dhanush has a new 'Kolaveri' of sorts ready! This time, he's created it in association with a popular energy drink to celebrate India's cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar . What's more, he's also gotten Anushka to shake a leg with him in this anthem!\"We've treated this song like a mass hero introduction song,\" he says, \"That's what Sachin has meant to me. The usage of very relatable words will make it all the more appealing to the public and Sachin fans.\" The Kolaveri star has composed, written the lyrics and directed this music video, besides featuring in it.About Anushka featuring in the song, he says, \"I thought that there should be one more star other than me in the video. I asked Anushka if she'd like to be a part of it as she's a good friend of mine and a wonderful human being with a lot of positive vibe. She immediately said yes. I'm thankful to her for making it despite me giving her just a day's notice.\"But why Anushka, when he has several other choices? \"People won't look at us as a couple on screen. I don't think we make a good pair and that should work in favour of the concept of the video.\" On the films front, Dhanush is looking forward to the release of 3 and will soon start work on his first Bollywood project. \"I rejected a lot of scripts in Bollywood, which came to me post the success of Kolaveri, but I just couldn't say no to Aanand L Rai's Raanjhnaa. I play a character called Kundan in the film that's set in Varanasi.\"Considering he's a huge fan of Sachin, has he met the master blaster yet? \"Oh no, not yet,\" he says, \"But I hope it happens soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11749872", "title": "Trial in Lajja film case to resume on March 15", "text": "KANPUR: Trial in 'Lajja' film case, based on Bhawanipur incident of Kanpur Dehat will soon begin at Ramabai Nagar court as the Allahabad High Court had treated the application of film star Ajay Devgan as infructuous and dismissed it and had asked the office to intimate the court to resume trial.The district court of Ramabai Nagar, the then Kanpur Dehat, has issued notices to the complainant and defence counsels to appear before the court on March 15.Ram Swarup had filed a complaint on September 20, 2001 that the police had registered a false case under Sections 147/302/342/323 IPC against him and his family members in the gang rape and murder of Siya Dulari. The case is pending in the court.Siya Dulari was gang-raped and burnt to death by enraged villagers in Bhawanipur in Kanpur Dehat as her son Surendra, belonging to Siya caste, had married a Yadav girl, Usha Yadav. The incident, according to Raj Kumar Santoshi, had inspired him to make a film 'Lajja' now being shown all over the country.The then first additional district and sessions judge of Kanpur Dehat JP Agarwal had issued non-bailable warrants against Anil Kapoor, Jackie Shroff, Ajay Devgan, Rekha, Manisha Koirala, Madhuri Dixt, Mahima Chaudhary and the director of 'Lajja', Raj Kumar Santoshi in a criminal contempt case. The judge had also directed the police commissioner, Mumbai, to serve the warrants on the accused and return them by November 11, 2001 to the court. He had also directed the police commissioner to appoint a reliable officer to serve the warrants.The court had also ordered for the personal appearance of the entire cast of 'Lajja' and its director, who failed to turn up on fixed date and ordered screening of film in the court. The judge was annoyed with the defence plea and told him that if the cast would not appear, then he would pass an order to attach the properties.Kalim Jaysee, counsel for the accused, had requested the court to grant more time for the compliance of court order but the judge rejected his plea after hearing the arguments of complainant Ram Swarup's counsel. Hero Ajay Devgan filed a petition before the high court under Section 482 CrPC and submitted that case against him and entire cast be dropped. The high court had restrained the lower court to try the suit till further order and since then hearing of the case suspended. The case was listed at High court on October 25, 2010, under the heading of likely to be in fructuous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747288", "title": "Mukhtar heads list with most criminal cases", "text": "VARANASI: Among the candidates contesting the second phase of UP assembly elections, Mukhtar Ansari (Quami Ekta Dal), contesting from Mau and Ghosi constituencies, has declared maximum number of criminal cases. He has declared 15 criminal cases including 9 serious IPCs. He is followed by Upendra (SP, Phephana constituency) and Javed Iqbal (BSP, Kushi Nagar constituency), who have declared 11 and 5 criminal cases respectively.The Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW), which has analyzed affidavits of 337 candidates out of 1098 candidates who are contesting the second phase of the assembly election, issued its report on Friday. According to the report, out of these 337 candidates 118 candidates (35%) declared criminal cases against them.In 2007 assembly elections for the whole of Uttar Pradesh, 28% candidates had declared criminal cases against themselves. Amongst major parties, every party has given tickets to candidates who have declared criminal cases. SP has 30 out of 59 (51%), BSP has 23 out of 59 (39%), BJP has 20 out of 55 (36%), INC has 19 out of 59 (32%), Peace Party has 8 out of 35 (23%), JD(U) has 12 out of 50 (24%), candidates with declared criminal cases. Among them 55 (16 %) have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery, extortion.The BJP has 9, BSP has 10, SP has 12, Peace Party has 3, INC has 10, JD(U) has 7 Quami Ekta Dal has 2 and Apna Dal has 1 such candidates.The report further stated that a total of 138 candidates (41%) out of 337 analyzed for the 2nd phase are crorepatis. In 2007, there were 22% crorepati candidates. The candidates with maximum assets is Shah Alam of BSP from Mubarakpur constituency with assets worth Rs. 54.44 Crores followed by Subhash of SP from Saidpur with Rs. 35.32 Crores and Narendra Mani Tripathi of INC from Gorakhpur Urban constituency with assets worth Rs. 27.88 crores.Among major parties, the average asset per candidate for SP is Rs. 2.13 Crores, for BSP is Rs. 3.38 Crores, for BJP is Rs. 1.24 Crores, for INC is Rs. 1.68 Crores, for Peace Party is Rs. 2.03 Crores, for JD (U) is Rs. 61.02 lakhs, Quami Ekta Dal is Rs. 1.36 Crores and Apna Dal is Rs. 13.68 Lakhs.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748884", "title": "Infant's death: HC seeks status report on infant's death", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Friday has directed the police inspector, Kandamanoor in Theni district to file a status report on the investigation into the alleged death of a 10-month-old child after he was administered an injection at a primary health centre.Justice K K Sasidharan gave the directive on a petition filed by A Suresh, the father of the child seeking to order CBI-CID probe and holding that the state is responsible, he sought a compensation for Rs 50 lakh.In his petition, A Suresh of Okkaraipatti , Andipatti taluk in Theni district said on January 21 that his wife Annapackiam took their 10-month-old son to the PHC at M Subbalapuram near Andipatti, as he was suffering from fever and cough. After examining the child, the duty doctor at PHC, Uma Balan instructed the nurse, Mariammal to administer paracetamol injection to the infant. However, the baby fainted after the injection.In the same manner, two others, aged 10 and eight years, both children of one Selvaraj from the same village also developed symptoms of fainting. The three were rushed to the Theni Medical College GH, where the 10-month-old infant was declared dead, while the other two children were admitted for treatment. The petitioner said his child died in unusual circumstances and he strongly suspected the medicine injected to him through the PHC, as the cause of his death. The local police did not conduct a proper investigation into the case of his son's death. Therefore, he sought to transfer the case to the CB-CID, for effective investigation.The matter was posted for hearing on February 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747939", "title": "Man attacks clock firm owner, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police arrested a 50-year-old a Nagpur-based distributor for allegedly attacking the owner of Ajanta Clocks with a paper cutter on Friday evening.The accused, Sandeep Mathuria, was caught by the public and handed over to the police. Cops said Mathuria had a fallout with the victim, Jesubhai Patel (52), over a business deal. At the time of going to press, the police were filing an FIR and had booked Mathuria for attempt to murder.Police said the incident occurred around 4.45pm when Patel stepped out of Nehru Planetarium at Worli after attending an exhibition he had organized.Patel was admitted to Jaslok hospital with face, head and neck injuries. \"Doctors said Patel's condition is stable,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone III) Kishore Jadhav. Mathuria was an old-time distributor of Patel.Five years ago, Patel terminated Mathuria's distribution rights. \"This could be one of the reasons why Mathuria attacked Patel,\" Jadhav said.According to the police, Mathuria also attended the exhibition on Friday. \"He had an argument with Patel in the afternoon. He attacked Patel in the evening when the latter was about to get into a cab,\" said a Worli police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747846", "title": "50 nomination forms rejected", "text": "PUNE: About 50 nomination forms filed for the Pune Municipal Corporation election were found invalid on the last day of the scrutiny process on Friday.The process of scrutinizing the nomination forms was carried out at 14 ward offices. Officials involved in the process said that most of the forms that were rejected had no proper documents attached. Many candidates had failed to attach caste validity certificates.All the forms received under the Kothrud ward office were in proper order. One form was rejected at the Dhankawdi ward office, while, on an average, three to five forms were rejected at each of the other ward offices.\"Tension prevailed at the Sangamwadi ward office when objections were raised against the nominee of a political party. The scrutiny process will continue till late in the night and the final figure of the rejected forms will be known only on Saturday,\" an official said.Meanwhile, the process of withdrawing the nomination forms began on Friday. Several candidates contesting the elections for the first time withdrew their nominations. Shivaji Bangar, sitting corporator of the Congress party, was the only prominent name in the list of withdrawals. \"The party had not given me a ticket, but I did want to rebel against the party, so I have decided to withdraw my nomination,\" he said.Saturday is the last day for withdrawal of nomination forms. A total of 3,558 nomination forms have been submitted since the process of filing nominations started on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750328", "title": "Milad-un Nabi celebrations demand a very sober approach", "text": "HYDERABAD: This year Milad-un Nabi (birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammed, peace and blessings be upon him) will be celebrated on February 5. The city, especially the old part, is already geared up to mark the occasion with more enthusiasm than the previous year. But hopefully, a fatwa issued by the reputed Islamic institution Jamea Nizamia, will work to check that no public inconvenience is caused. The timely fatwa said that the revelry should be within the premise of the sharia or the Islamic law. Playing loud music, dancing and singing during rallies, the fatwa said, is against the spirit of sharia. One particular sentence in the fatwa puts the entire subject of festivity in perspective. It says that if the loud recitation of the Koran becomes a cause of disturbance to others, it is not permissible.The public display of celebration, as we witness today during Milad-un Nabi, is a recent phenomenon. Earlier, say until about two decades ago, perhaps the only public function for Milad was the jalsa or meeting conducted by a leading socio-religious organization Majlis-e-Tameer-e-Millat. The Muslims in the state used to wait for that jalsa where eminent scholars from across the country, sometimes even from abroad, spoke.As MIM grew bigger, it too decided to organize a public meeting and a naatiya mushaera (gathering of poets where only poems related to the Prophet are recited). The entry of MIM into Milad-un Nabi celebrations overshadowed the Tameer-e-Millat jalsa. By 2009 every big and small religious and social organization had decided to have their share of celebrations.Where would this trend lead to is a question over which social scientists, administrators and ulema have been pondering. Mohammed Hamidullah, one of the most widely read scholars of Islam produced by Hyderabad, says in his book, 'The Life and Work of the Prophet of Islam,' that human life is mainly divided into two spheres-material and spiritual. It is necessary to read the life history of the Prophet because he showed how a harmonious equilibrium between the two could be achieved.Prophet Mohammed was born on 12th of Rabi Al-Awwal, the third month of Islamic lunar calendar corresponding to 17th of June 569 CE in Mecca. It was a Monday. His parents were Abdullah bin Abdul Mutallib and Aminah bint Wahb. His father died at the young age of 25 years in Madina when the Prophet was still in the womb of his mother. His ageing grandfather Abdul Mutallib, one of the 10 ministers in the oligarchy that administered Mecca, took him and his mother under his care. The Prophet, as was the tradition in those days, was given to a wet nurse Halima. The tragedy struck again as he lost his mother while on a visit to Madina. Even as he was struggling to come to terms with life without mother, his caring grandfather too passed away. The Prophet was only eight years old then. He came under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib. Life was difficult. He had no formal education and started life as a shepherd. At the tender age of nine years he accompanied his uncle on a trading journey to Syria. He went to Syria again as a young man, this time as in-charge of the goods of a wealthy lady in Mecca, Khadija, whom he married later. He spent a great deal of his time in meditation in the cave of Hira, on the outskirts of Mecca. At the age of 40 he received his first revelation and also the command to spread the message of God. His preaching invited the wrath of the powerful in Mecca who cruelly persecuted him and his followers. He migrated to Madina when he was 53 years of age. Within the next 10 years the numbers of his followers grew with leaps and bounds. At the same time he laid the foundation of a state whose area covered over 3 million square km.But all this did not change his lifestyle. And when he passed away at the age of 63, he left behind, not palaces, not treasures but only a few things for his family and invaluable wealth on the spiritual and temporal lives for generations to come. Such a life of a rare phenomenon requires a sober approach and nothing frivolous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11749462", "title": "\u2018MP needs Rs 10,500 cr in XII Plan to up spindle output\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh has to attract Rs 10,500 crore investment towards the textile industry for increasing its installed spindle capacity to 5% at 27.5 lakh spindles of from the present state share of 4% by the end of the 12th Five Year Plan, said state level working committee on integrated development of textile industry.The committee recommended that the state should aim at increasing its present share to 5% of the country's total installed spindle capacity of 5.5 crore spindles by the end of the 12th Five Year Plan in 2017.The panel said that it might require the state to attract an investment of Rs 10,500 crore during the period, which would be 7.3% of the country's textile industry's projected investment for the 12th Plan. The textile industry's total plan budget for the 12th Plan has been estimated to be about Rs 1.40 lakh crore.This is the recommendation made by the state level working committee on integrated development of textile industry. The committee prepared the report and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan is likely to be released it on February 6.The state is blessed with its big area, growth potential and geographical advantages to flourish the textile industry. Capacity in downstream segments like weaving, knitting, processing and garmenting may also be created, says the report.Talking to ToI, SP Oswal, chairman of Oswal group, who is also the chairing the committee, said, \"There is a tremendous potential for investment in the textile industry of the state. But, for this, we need to attract investors as it is a quite competitive field. In case the state was having mega policies, then only could it attract the investments.\"He further said that there has to be some structure to be created for this. \"However, let me add here that the chief minister of the state is quite open to the idea. He is more amenable to the idea which can create employment,\" he said. The competitiveness of the state must be improved upon through creation of physical infrastructure as well as supporting fiscal policy decisions, adds the report.Textile industry is a labour-intensive industry and therefore, sensitive to wage cost. To attract textile industry into the state, government has to formulate minimum wage policy in a judicious manner, focusing on creation of sustainable employment for large number of people, especially those unskilled and semi skilled who cannot find employment in other high skill industries, says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749740", "title": "Black and White revives magical era of melody", "text": "NAGPUR: In the crowd of musical shows, this one was spectacularly different. Black and White II was an evening of Bollywood songs from 1945 to 1968, organized by the Nagpur Nagar Maheshwari Sabha at Vasantrao Deshpande hall on Friday.Charting the history of cinema's evolution through the anchor Rahul Solapurkar, Black and White spoke of an era termed as the golden period of Indian cinema. It was the period when music and pictures were poetry on celluloid.The show took the audience through the evolution of motion pictures, starting with Alam Ara when actors were also singers and movies like Indraprasth had 69 songs, to the period when films like Naya Daur, Do Bigha Zameen reflected the changing social and political scenario. All these moments were brought alive for the audience through songs like 'Apalam Chaplam', 'Main hun jhumroo' and 'Ude jab jab zulfain teri'.With the invention of radio, songs were played all around, but as radio had not reached every home, a popular way of listening to songs was at Irani hotels. Over bun-maska and a few smokes, songs like 'Zameen se hame asma per', 'Bekarar karke hame' and 'Hum pyar main jalne walaon ko' could be enjoyed over and over again.That actors always suffixed a Kumar to retain that youthful ring to their name, that Balraj Sahani was jailed for his communist leanings and brought to the sets under police custody, and V Shantaram was a perfectionist who made his actors wear make-up through out the day so that they would live the character, were some of the nuggets shared with the audience.If the script was designed to keep the audience hanging on to every word, then the songs rendered by Dhawal Chandwadkar, Priyanka Barve, Jitendra Abhyankar and Savani Ravindra were well sung.Scripted and directed by Milind Oak, the programme had technical support from Dinesh Mishra. Naresh Panpalia, one of the organizers, said, \"Old songs dominate even today and are liked by the younger generation too. This evening that old magic was revived and reignited once more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748194", "title": "Filmmaker Raj Kanwar passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Producer-director Raj Kanwar passed away in Singapore due to post-kidney transplant complications on Friday. He was 50. He is survived by his wife and two sons.Kanwar started his career by assisting Shekhar Kapur and Raj Kumar Santoshi. He turned director with Shah Rukh Khan and Divya Bharati-starrer Deewana in 1992.Khan tweeted, \"My friend Raj Kanwarji passed away. The impermanence of life makes one feel so helpless. May his soul rest in peace. Aisi Deewangi..miss u sir.\" (sic)Kanwar directed 16 films in his career spanning over 20 years. He directed actors like Anil Kapoor, Sunny Deol, Abhishek Bachchan and Akshay Kumar. Kanwar directed Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai in Dhai Akshar Prem Ke.Bachchan Junior tweeted, \"Terribly saddened by the passing of Raj Kanwar. Was the first person to sign me after Refugee. He made Aishwarya and my first film together, Dhai Akshar Prem Ke. I will miss you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11750142", "title": "All India Railway Athletic Championship kicks off", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Southern Railway and defending champions Western Railway dominated the first day of the 77th All India Railway Athletic Championship at Kalinga stadium here on Friday.The day started with 5,000 metres men's and women's race. Ajay Veer Singh of North Central Railway (NCR) and L Surya of (SR) clinched gold for their respective teams. Joseph Abraham (400 m huddle), Sanjeesh Joseph (800 m men), Bindu SR (800 m women), Saraswathy (javelin, women), among others, brought gold for Southern Railway. There were 15 events on the first day.Host ECoR, which appears to be a weaker side in the ongoing sporting show, clinched a gold medal with Srabani Nanda emerging first in the women's 100 metres. Notably, Nanda joined ECoR as an employee only two days ago. Besides the Phulbani sprinter, who had won a bronze in the 4x100 metres relay at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, the five-member squad of the host team comprises long distance runner Dandu Soren, Srinabas Rao (Waltier division), Soumya Mohan and P Sudha (Khurda division).Several top athletes, including Arjun award winner J J Sobha, international athlete Farooq Alli, Soma Biswas, Kulamani Parida, Anuradha Biswal and Shradhanjali Samantray took part in a torch relay from the ECoR headquarters to the Kalinga Stadium.Governor M C Bhandare inaugurated the championship. In a colourful cultural programme, Berhampur conch team enthralled the audience, while BJB English medium school, Sambalpur, student's dance performance received a huge applause. Students of Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences presented a tribal dance, which was also appreciated very much.To publicise the mega event, the ECoR on Thursday took out a tableau of their mascot 'PURVA' (the little Rabbit) in the city, which travelled to various schools and colleges.There would be a total of 44 events in the three-day edition, ending on February 5. The stadium hosted the championship in 2005 and 2007 earlier. As many as 21 teams from various railway zones and over 500 athletes and officials are participating in the event. They include half a dozen Arjun awardees, including current athletes J J Sobha, Joseph Abraham, S Geeta, Preeja Sreedharan and Krishna Punia. Indra Ghosh, general manager of the EcoR, will be the chief guest at the closing ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11749668", "title": "Terrorized Brahmi villagers want goons externed", "text": "YAVATMAL: Over 100 residents, including president of Gaon Tanda Mukti Samiti, sarpanch and up-sarpanch of village Brahmi, 30km from here, marched to the office of superintendent of police Ranjankumar Sharma on Friday afternoon and narrated their plight arising due to life threats given by a handful of goons. They requested him to extern these goons from the village to maintain peace and harmony. They also submitted a memorandum of demands.Sharma assured the delegates to personally look into the matter and ensure safety and security of their life.One of the complainants alleged that Haribhau Borkhade, Ramdas Gawande, Sunil Gawande, Pramod Gawande, Pradip Bobade and Tulsabai Gawande, all residents of village Brahmi under Ladkhed police station jurisdiction, were terrorizing them. These goons were taking law into their hands and creating nuisance. They often barge into the houses of villagers and abuse and thrash them.On February 1, Gawandes entered the house of Gajanan Gawande (40) and abused him and his wife Deepmala and threatened them with dire consequences if they lodged a complaint in the police station. They even beat up the couple and inflicted injuries. Neighbours rushed to their house when they shouted for help. The goons turned to villagers and threatened them too.Residents Haribhau Borkhede and Krishna Gawande tried to intervene but goons hit them with iron rods and wounded them. They were rushed to a hospital where they are recovering.On Thursday, a complaint was lodged in Ladkhed police station. A police team led by station officer Vijay Magar rushed to the village and tried to bring the situation under control. But the goons even threatened the cops with dire consequences.According to Magar, there are criminal offences registered under sections 354,324,147,148,294, 506,325 and 34 of IPC against four of the goons. The cases are pending before the chief judicial magistrate at Darwha.Chairman of Tanda Mukti Samiti Dnyaneshwar Dhole said that these people were creating law and order problem in the village and demanded their externment. Sarpanch Kanta Ghule confirmed the incident and demanded externment of goons from the village.Photo of the protesting villagers who met the SP is attached", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11750072", "title": "HC asks govt to provide free treatment to boy 'pushed out' of train", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Friday directed the state government to provide free of cost medical treatment to the 10-year-old physically challenged boy, Pravakar Pradhan, who lost his limbs after being allegedly pushed out of a moving train by a hawker in Jagatsinghpur district on Thursday.The division bench of Justice B P Das and Justice B K Nayak also directed the Jagatsinghpur SP and the Government Railway Police to conduct a detailed inquiry into the matter and submit a report to the court within February 13. The direction came in the wake of a petition filed by lawyer Nishikant Mishra seeking proper treatment and rehabilitation to the victim. The victim, Pravakar Pradhan, lost his left hand in an accident in his childhood. He eked out his livelihood by begging in train. On Thursday, he boarded the Paradip-Palasa train, but some hawkers allegedly pushed him out of it near Gorakhanath station. The boy lost his right leg and right hand in the incident and is now at the SCB hospital. His condition is critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748315", "title": "State taps global experts to manage the next Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: For the first time, the next Kumbh mela in Nashik will have a global touch as the state has floated international tenders to invite consultants to manage the mega event. So far, eight consultants have shown interest in bidding for managing the 2015 event on the banks of the Godavari.The tenders would be opened and consultants appointed after the code of conduct enforced for the local civic elections end. \"The consultants are expected to submit their report by October this year, after which we'll start making provisions,\" Nashik district planning officer Pradeep Potdar told TOI.\"By November we'll be able to finalise the budgetary requirements.\"He pointed out that while the plans and estimates drawn for the last Kumbh held in 2003 were to the tune of Rs 450 crore, it was subsequently scaled down to around Rs 300 crore. But the expenditure on making arrangements for the next Kumbh could be manifold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748868", "title": "HC orders retrial of rape case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court has ordered a retrial into a rape case on the basis of a revision petition filed by a woman from Sivaganga, seeking to set aside an order of the lower court, which framed charges on the alleged rapist under a lighter provision, which does not attract the punishment for rape.K Pondiselvi of Sivaganga had filed a complaint to with the Karaikudi police alleging that one Nachiappan alias Venkatesan had raped her. She also alleged that an ex-MLA Koothakudi Shanmugam, held a 'katta panchayat' (kangaroo court) to force her to withdraw the case against the accused.Following the complaint, the police registered a case against Venkatesan and Shanmugam. The principal district munsif-cum-judicial magistrate court, Karaikudi chose to frame charges for an offence under section 417 IPC (punishment for cheating) alone against Venkatesan, based on the mistake in the FIR, committed by the investigating officer by assuming that the consent was given by her for sexual intercourse.On June 20, 2011, she preferred a petition before the trial court praying for alteration of the charge under section 376 of the IPC. However, her petition was dismissed by the judicial magistrate court, Karaikudi holding that the offence under section 376, was not made out by the investigating officer. Hence, she preferred the revision petition against the order of the trial court.According to the petitioner's counsel, the accused made a false promise to marry her, which she believed to be genuine. She would not have consented for such intercourse had she known the intention of the accused and the fact that he was making only a false promise to secure her consent.Setting aside the order of the lower court, Justice P R Shivakumar said, \"Whether the promise was made by the accused with a genuine intention to fulfil the same and later on, due to some of change of circumstances, he was not able to keep the promise or he made a misrepresentation regarding his intention and got the consent, can be decided only after conducting a trial.\"The judge directed the district munsif-cum-judicial magistrate court, Karaikudi to follow the procedure for committing the case, exclusively triable by a court of session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747937", "title": "Only 7 responses to proposed changes in anti-cheating rules", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has received only seven suggestions/objections from the state to the proposed changes in rules that deal with cases of cheating in board examinations.The board had uploaded the proposed revisions in rules on its website, sent circulars to schools and also announced them through newspapers and radio. The deadline for submitting suggestions had been extended twice. Shahaji Dhekne, secretary of the board, said, \"We tried our best to publicise the revisions through various media, but received poor response due to the apathy of people. We even extended the deadline to January 31, hoping that we would get few more responses, but in vain.\"If the revisions are put in place, stealing an answer booklet or a supplement, threatening the paper checker or writing abusive language on the answer sheet may land the culprits behind bars. Earlier, these activities did not invite criminal action; students were disallowed from taking the ongoing exam and debarred from an ensuing one.Dhekne said, \"A committee will be formed to analyse the suggestions and objections and decide if they can be incorporated into the proposed revisions by the board. The report will then be submitted to the education committee of the board, which will make the final draft. The revised rules will then be sent to all the nine divisional boards for implementation.\" They will come into force in all nine divisions from HSC examination starting on February 21.The board uploaded a draft of the revisions on its website at the beginning of January and set the deadline for receiving suggestions from parents, teachers, students, non-governmental organisations and educationists, among others, as January 20.Ujjwaladevi Patil, former chairman of the board and the person behind the proposed revisions, said, \"I think people have agreed to the revisions and that is why there haven't been many suggestions and objections. I have been working on drafting the revised rules for over four years. It's a sensitive issue and a lot of efforts have been taken to ensure that the rules are not unjust or ambiguous.\"Rajesh Mane, member of educational trust Shikshan Samanvay Samiti, said, \"We have seen the revised rules on the website and we agreed with most of them.\"Kedar Patwardhan, a member of the Parent-Teacher Association of DES secondary school, said, \"We were unaware of any such revisions. The board has taken a good step by reframing the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11750372", "title": "HPU to explore feasibility of seeking grant in 12th Plan", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) will explore the possibilities of seeking financial grant in 12th Five Year Plan for opening new campuses at Lahaul &amp; Spiti, Solan and Una. Besides it will also explore the feasibility of introducing and opening department of archaeology.These aspects were deliberated upon at a meeting of the working group of the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-2017) held on Friday under the chairmanship of HPU vice-chancellor Prof A D N Bajpai. The VC emphasized upon that in order to further expand higher education network in the hilly state through expansion of main campus, enhancement of regional centre at Dharamshala, creation of new campus for evening studies, raising buildings for University Institute of Information Technology (UIIT), College of Business Studies, University College of legal studies and three new outstation campuses and to raise urgently examination halls, international students' hostels, besides enhancing the distance education mode, the university will include these proposals in the 12th Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747407", "title": "Power scene remains grim", "text": "VARANASI: The efforts of PVVNL office to bolster power supply in the region failed to improve conditions as most parts of the city continued to suffer from unscheduled rostering on Friday.While repair of a damaged underground cable between Chowk and Maidagin provided respite from power crisis in old parts of the city, a technical snag at 33 KV Kashi Vidyapeeth and Chowkaghat sub stations hampered power supply in the heart of the city.As per reports of the office , additional rostering from one to two hours was forced in areas like Mahmoorganj, Sigra, Luxa, Chetganj and adjoining areas. Similarly power crisis deepened in trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur, Ashapur, Pharia and Sarnath due to a technical snag at 132 KV Ledhupur power sub station.According to ML Sharma, chief engineer, PVVNL, efforts were on to curb local faults to bolster power supply in the city. The fault detector equipment has been brought from Allahabad to intensify detection of power fault in underground cables. In addition, replacement of old and damaged overhead cables with underground aerial bunch conductors ( ABC ) is going on to strengthen power supply, he added.Meanwhile, the PVVNL office has also failed to keep nights free from rostering as most parts of the city continued to stay in darkness with two hours of additional rostering taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11748810", "title": "Probe ordered into sambar killing in Karike forest", "text": "MADIKERI: Mystery shrouds the death of a sambar in Karike reserve forest range limits on Thursday evening with villagers alleging the involvement of forest officials. The forest department has ordered an inquiry into the incident.It is said that the villagers saw the sambar escaping from the jaws of some wild dogs which were chasing it on Thursday evening in the Karike forest range. When they enquired about the fate of the sambar with the range forest officials, they were told that the sambar was dead and buried.However, the villagers who had seen the sambar escaping from the dogs, built pressure on the forest staff to take them to the place where it had been buried. When they were taken to the spot, the villagers were shocked to see a group of people cutting the sambar and preparing venison dishes. The group fled on seeing the villagers.The forest personnel too could not give a proper answer about the incident. They said that they had buried the carcass of the animal and did not know whether the sambar was killed by the dogs or poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748439", "title": "Amber to overcome water shortage", "text": "JAIPUR: If all goes well the historic city of Amber, the erstwhile capital of the Kachwaha rulers might just be able to overcome the acute water shortage, after officially being declared a 'dark zone.' The department of tourism after attempting to fill the 'Maota' with fresh drinking water has now cleared a proposal to restore the traditional water body, the 'Sagar' that earlier was the primary source of water supply to Amber city.The proposal that was submitted by Brij Mohan Khatri, Congress party office bearer Amber, to Amber Development &amp; Management Authority ADMA in 2009, has just been cleared. The technical report submitted to chief minister Ashok Ghelot said that the 350-400-year-old stone masonry of the dam wall was in a rickety state leading to seepage through the dam. \"This seepage could be checked by constructing a curtain wall of RCC adjacent to and along the dam masonry up to the foundation of the dam and laying a cushion of RCC on the whole platform.The late 16{+t}{+h} and early 17th century water reservoir, the 'Sagar', built during the reign of Raja Man Singh was the main source of water for the Amber Palace, Jaigarh Fort and the local people,\" read the report.\"The earlier report carried an estimate of Rs 92.88 lakh. This was re-worked and now the ADMA would be financing the project worth Rs 70 lakh out of which Rs Rs 20 lakh has already been released. The work, however, would be undertaken by the irrigation department as they rightly would be the competent agency to undertake such work,\" said B D Garg, executive director, works, ADMA.Restoration of the lower and upper Sagar would also be immensely important from ecological point of view. \"Not only will it retain the level of the sub-soil water table and help recharge the fast depleting water table, it would also prevent trees and wells in Amber from drying up during dry spells,\" said Khatri.According to the Central ground water board ministry of water resources, government of India, \"Requirement of water has been rising in the urban agglomerates due to population explosion and growth in commercial activities along with social needs and comfort resulting in crumbling of existing systems of water supply and sanitation. Rapid pace of decline in water level has caused drying up of dug wells.\"The report also adds that average rate of water level decline has enhanced over a period of time. In Amber block it was 0.71m/yr during the last 22 yrs (1984-06), which rose to 1.4m/yr during the last 10 years (1996-06) and 2.20m/yr during the last 5 years (2001-06). During the last five years, average water level declining rate over 2m/yr has been observed. Ground water development in all the blocks is either more than 100% or approaching this mark and as such leaves no scope for further exploitation until and unless artificial recharge projects are implemented on a large scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11749409", "title": "Don't get lured by Congress' promises: Maya", "text": "BAHRAICH: The chief minister Mayawati on Friday blamed the Congress for poverty and unemployment in Uttar Pradesh and said the Central government has given a step-motherly treatment to the state.Addressing a large gathering here, Mayawati urged the people to return the BSP to power with a thumping majority. She cautioned the voters not to get lured by the Congress's promise of development. \"They have done nothing despite ruling the country and UP for several decades,\" BSP chief said.There were the familiar refrains the chief minister uses to counter the opposition. They (opposition) cannot stand the success of a 'Dalit ki beti', she charged.Referring to the allegations of corruption and the cases against her ministers, Mayawati said she has shown the door to those accused of graft.\"Eighteen ministers have been fired in the last six months, twelve of them on charges of corruption,\" she said.On the issue of central funds, the BSP supremo said, \"If the Centre sends us funds and they go missing, it is not our fault. We do not deal directly with this money. The Centre's officers and ministers are even more responsible than state officials for this, but no investigation by the CBI has been ordered against them,\" she said.Mayawati said wrong economic policies of the Congress have caused widespread poverty and unemployment in the state and people are migrating to other states in search of food and employment.She blamed the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray for passing demeaning remarks against workers from Bihar and UP.\"Our government had to face a financial crunch due to the government's anti-salit mindset and political vendetta. As per the constitutional procedure, Uttar Pradesh has not received its share of the federal funds on time,\" said Mayawati. She said the Congress was promoting divisive politics by giving reservation to Muslims.\"Instead of giving reservation to the backward sections of the Muslim community according to their population, the Congress has conspired to give reservation out of the 27 per cent reservation given to the other backward classes. By doing so, the Congress is trying to divide the two communities,\" said Mayawati.Looking to silence her critics on the issue of lawlessness in the state, Mayawati said her government was successful in maintaining peace and communal harmony during the verdict on Babri Masjid case.Our government was successful in maintaining the peace and communal harmony during the court verdict on September 30, 2010 over the state's most sensitive and controversial case of Shri Ram Janmabhoomi and Babri Masjid, she added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753296", "title": "Radhakrishnan Parthiepan is currently working on a bilingual", "text": "Radhakrishnan Parthiepan, as he likes to be called these days, is currently working on a bilingual.\"I'm working on the script now, and will commence the Tamil-Telugu bilingual by next month. Titled Aappu - Outsourcing, the film will be an action thriller on lines of Swarnamukhi, and will have two lead pairs. I had plans of roping in Prithiviraj and Priyamani, but their respective films seem to be keeping them busy,\" he reveals. The film will be directed by a debutant and will star Parthiepan as one of the leads. \"Aappu will address a current problem prevalent in the society. If the word 'outsourcing' reminds one of IT and BPO industries, then yes, there are some evils associated with them that will be highlighted in the script,\" he adds.Meanwhile, ask him about the possibilities of getting back on board for Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum, and he answers, \"I wouldn't want to substitute Ameer even if I am approached. It was a different case earlier, but not now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748417", "title": "'Garbage vans never on time in this area'", "text": "NASHIK: The major problem faced by residents of ward no. 32, which stretches from Takli to Jail Road, is garbage, which gets accumulated at various corners and on empty spaces and is collected by the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) bell vans.\"We have every basic utility required to lead a good life in the ward. It is only in the garbage collection department that we have a bone to pick with the civic body. The garbage vans do not come here regularly and neither do they pick up garbage from the roadsides,\" said Sunanda Patil, a local resident.Outgoing corporator Maya Dive ( Congress) said, \"I agree that garbage is a problem at some places in my ward. But it is a technical snag that delays the garbage vans. My ward is very big, so the garbage vans take some time to reach all the locations in the ward. At times, the vans are delayed for a few hours, while sometimes they only reach the ward the next day. People throw garbage out in the open if the van does not turn up for even a single day.\"At some places, the roads are uneven and in a bad state and the residents say they are waiting for the roads to be repaired at the earliest. \"Road repair work was being carried out in most places of the ward, but now it has been stopped. The road surface should be made even at the earliest,\" said Khandu Jadhav, a local resident of Omnagar in the ward.Dive said that the road construction and repair work has been sanctioned and the work is in progress. \"The construction work on the roads in Gurudattanagar, Omnagar, and Rameshwarnagar will be completed at the same time,\" she said.Sachin Asnare, a pan stall owner at Omnagar, complained of misbehaviour by hooligans. They often storm the area and do what they please, threatening people while under the influence of alcohol, he said. \"They also urinate in the open, close to our shops, and people cannot object to their misbehaviour,\" he explained.When this issue was conveyed to Dive, she said that on a number of occasions, she had intervened and tried to solve the problem, but the police force needed to be stricter. \"I have told the residents of my ward that they can call me any time and have assured them of help and protection,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749711", "title": "Relatives find it hard to identify bodies", "text": "NAGPUR: Five days have passed since the building collapsed. The relatives of those trapped in the building, who have been waiting day and night for some news of their loved ones, seem to be losing their patience now.With every body retrieved from the debris of the collapsed building at Chikhli Lay-out in Kalamna on Monday, the relatives were seen running from Kalamna to Mayo mortuary just to confirm the identity of the body. Initially, it was easy for them to identify the missing ones but with the passing days, it's becoming tough for them.\"Since the bodies are trapped inside the debris, their condition is decaying day by day. It's very difficult for the relatives to identify them. At one point, they confirm it by the shirt's colour but later they refuse as the other marks are not present,\" said Ganesh Dongre, one of the deceased Vishnu Meher's relative.Meher's semi-decomposed body was found on Friday evening. Dongre told that his wife, Shardha could identify him with his birthmark on right hand. It was the sixth round in last four days to Mayo hospital that confirmed Meher's death.Bodies found two days ago could be identified easily but now they remain unidentified for few hours. Police have asked the relatives to check the bodies on the spot, however, it is difficult as the bodies are covered with dust and are decomposed.\"We had to ask them to check repeatedly before they could finally identify a body,\" said Kalamna police.Such confusion prevailed on Saturday morning when a body was retrieved on Friday midnight. Initially, one of the relatives confirmed it as of the body of Rupesh Neware but later denied after checking other things.\"The body was having the same blue shirt that my brother was wearing. Hence, I thought it was my brother's body but later, on checking further, his fingers and other things, I realized it was not my brother,\" said Neware's brother.However, in the afternoon, cops called other relatives and later the body was identified as that of Chottelal Prasad.\"The relatives identified Chottelal through a mark which he had suffered in an accident,\" said police. Since Thursday night, nine bodies were found from the debris and every time, the relatives rushed from Chikhli Lay-out to Mayo mortuary.Since Tuesday morning, Yogesh Neware had been to the mortuary about twelve times. \"Though the cops show the bodies at the spot, I visit the mortuary to confirm it again,\" he said. Yogesh's wait ended after his brother Rupesh Neware's body was found on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11749610", "title": "Shacks vulnerable to fire mishaps as safety measures ignored", "text": "MAPUSA: Hundreds of shacks along the states coastline are vulnerable to fire mishaps as owners of many of these eateries simply do not take safety measures and throw caution to the winds. Guidelines from concerned authorities, including the fire services department, are simply not followed endangering lives and property.In the event of an outbreak of fire, the greatest problem facing fire fighters is that there is simply no access to the burning structure. In several cases fire spreads rapidly as the shacks are very close to each other.Speaking to TOI, tourism director Swapnil Naik said that shack owners have to obtain a fire safety clearance from the nearest fire station. \"We send copies of licences to the fire department and shack owners are duty bound to obtain the fire safety clearance from the nearest fire station,\" he said. However, investigations by TOI reveal that very few shacks have such clearance.Fire precautionary measures recommended by the fire department mention that the kitchen should be totally segregated and preferably made of GI sheets. However, mostly kitchens are attached to shacks and are made up of combustible materials like plywood and bamboo sheets.Naik also said, \"Beach shack policy clearly mentions that no cooking of food is allowed in the shack, only heating of cooked food is allowed.\" However, investigations by TOI reveal that in almost every shack food is cooked using LPG cylinders. Fire precautionary measures also state that shacks shall have the ceiling height of not less than 3m from the ground, this rule is almost never followed.On material used for shack construction, the rules clearly state that materials used should be non-combustible and wherever materials of combustible nature are used should be treated with fire retardants. This recommendation is also not adhered to and materials like coconut leaves, bamboo sheets, plywood, dry grass are used. Besides, the rules also state that lighting arrangements should be done through a licensed electrical contractor. When contacted, some shack owners in Arambol pleaded ignorance of these fire precautionary measures.Fire department has also recommended that fire fighting equipment like dry powder/ABC powder extinguishers of 5 kg capacity should be distributed in the entire area and that a person shall not have to travel more than 25 m from any point to reach the nearest extinguisher. This guideline too is not followed on the beaches.Following two fire incidents at Arambol, the fire station in charge at Pernem Tukaram Dessai has urged shack owners to strictly obey rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752169", "title": "A fun-filled bash at Tantra, The Park", "text": "What's a weekend without a rocking party?Revellers made sure that they lived it up on a recent Saturday night as they dropped by at Tantra, The Park, for an evening of fun.DJs Shiv Adelic and Mad Maxx were at the turntable and made sure that the crowd found it tough to step off the dance floor.Whether pumping electronica or progressive house, the party people lapped it all up.We spotted Sukanya in a colourful summery halter neck dress, having a good time with friend Pinky. Anindya and Ananya were also seen having a good time.A rocking way to wrap up the winter and prepare for springtime!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11748293", "title": "I feel good to be part of this process : Anupriya Patel", "text": "The death of her father and founder of Apna Dal Dr Sone Lal Patel in a road accident in Kanpur on October 17, 2009 undoubtedly left a void in her life, which was difficult to fill. But, instead of seeking sympathy, Anupriya Patel decided to tread on her father path and vowed to strengthen the party in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh. Shedding the typical image of girl, to whom the mantle of leadership has passed on, the Apna Dal general secretary, who is a passout of Delhi prestigious Lady Shriram College, mingles freely with her voters and interacts with them in their native dialect. Speaking to Arunav Sinha , the 1981 born green horn, who is contesting from Varanasi Rohaniya assembly, shares her vision and plans for the party and the state.What prompted you to jump into the political bandwagon?Politics was never my cup of tea and I had no intensions of taking a plunge into this trade. But, the tragic death of my father Dr Sone Lal in a road accident in Kanpur in 2009 came as a turning point in my life. My partymen asked me and my mother (Krishna Patel) to take over the realms of the party.How are you finding politics? Especially the one, which is prevailing in the Hindi heartland.Well after completing graduation in 2001 from Delhi's Lady Shriram College and then doing post-graduation in Psychology in 2004 and then finally an MBA in 2010, I am gradually learning the nuances of politics. It is difficult for me, as it requires a lot of hardwork. You have to maintain a close watch on the minutest development. I am facing things, which I had never experienced before. It is during this election that I am observing the caste system so closely. The quantum of diversity, which exists in UP can never be seen in any other state. At the end of the day, I must confess that it is a good experience for me. And I feel good that I am a part of this important democratic process.Elections test not only the political acumen of leaders, but also their physical and mental endurance. Do you get time to unwind?During the election, my schedule is absolutely jam-packed and seldom do I get any time to unwind and relax. The moment one meeting ends, I start visualising about the next one.The constituency (Rohaniya in Varanasi) from where you are contesting is located represents a typical Hindi heartland set-up. Do you face any problems in interacting with the voters?I have full confidence on my communication skills. And I am quite comfortable in interacting with my voters.People compare you with your father. Do you think it is unfair or do you get disturbed?I never get disturbed by this (comparison). In fact it is because of my father that I got this ready platform. And my endeavour is to strengthen the party to the best of my ability.How do you plan to strengthen it?We have noticed in the past few elections that there is a huge floating votes of Apna Dal. Most of these floating voters used to search the possible winning candidate to ensure that their vote is not wasted. This time,we have strengthened our booth level workers in the state to make sure that there are plenty of options available before the voters, and that votes would not go waste.What are the issues, which you are taking up this time?Growth and development will top our agenda for the UP assembly poll. Other issues that we would take up include electricity, education, health and a host of civic issues.Do you think the umbrella front led by the Peace Party of which Apna Dal is a constituent will work? Any party with which you will not strike an electoral pact?Our alliance with Peace Party and other constituents of the National Front will definitely work this time. And as far as pre or post-poll alliances is concerned, no one is untouchable.Questions are being raised over tickets being given to criminals like Munna Bajrangi (from Mariyahu in Jaunpur) and Atiq Ahmed (Allahabad West). How do you justify your gesture?It is for the electorate and the people of this state to decide about their fate. We are no one to pass a judgement on them. It is the job of the courts.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753462", "title": "Sanjana Singh gets a second chance", "text": "Actress Sanjana Singh, who made quite an impression with her performance in Renigunta, is back with Yaarukku Theriyum, a crime thriller.Talking about her character in the film, she says, \"I was waiting for a meaty role, and this was just the right option. The film is about a bunch of youngsters who get locked up in a factory for a night. The next day, none of us remember our identity. I play the love interest of Harish Raj, a Kannada actor. Our track is quite hilarious. Although we're married, we don't remember it after the fateful night and he starts flirting with me once we regain consciousness!\"Sanjana admits she refused the film the first time she was narrated her character. \"I loved the story, but other factors didn't work out. And later, when I got the same script through another source, I thought I was destined to play the role and agreed to do the film,\" she smiles.After a cameo appearance in Ko (in Aga Naga...), Sanjana has also danced for a number in Nithinsathyaa's Mayanginen Thayanginen. \"I will also be seen as Thalaivasal Vijay's second wife in Kadhal Padhai,\" she informs.Buzz is, she's in the running to play one of the leads in Vimal's forthcoming film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748022", "title": "RTO to ensure zero auto-taxi refusals on mega block day", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to minimize inconvenience to commuters on Sunday during its mega block, Western Railway (WR), along with the RTO and traffic police, will ensure that there are zero refusals by auto drivers and cabbies outside stations.WR will also run 124 special trains between Andheri and Virar as well as four pairs of special services between Churchgate and Andheri by diesel loco during the block period.WR has also drawn up elaborate plans to prevent hardship to commuters as services will remain shut for six hours from 10.30am to 4.30pm on Sunday between Churchgate and Andheri for conversion of traction from the existing 1,500 Volt Direct Current to 25,000 Volt Alternate Current.WR has drawn up elaborate plans to prevent hardship to commuters as services will remain shut for six hours from 10.30am to 4.30pm on February 5 between Churchgate and Andheri.To minimize inconvenience to commuters, the railway, along with the RTO and traffic police, will ensure that there is zero refusal outside stations during the megablock.The megablock is being undertaken to convert the existing 1500 Volt Direct Current system network to 25000 Volt AC.Chief public relations officer (WR) Sharat Chandrayan said, \"Besides running 124 special trains, we have allowed additional halts at Andheri for nine long-distance trains. Karnavati Express will also halt at Dadar on Sunday. Post block, the first service to Borivli will start from Churchgate at 4.30pm. A scheduled service will depart Virar at 3.27pm for Churchgate.\"efore the block, the last train for Churchgate from Virar will start on the fast corridor at 08.36am and from Borivli at 9.25am. On the slow corridor, Churchgate local from Borivli will leave at 9am and from Andheri at 9.39am.On the Down route, a fast local from Churchgate will leave for Virar at 9.35am while a Borivli train will leave from Churchgate at 9.49am on the slow corridor.Due to the WR mega block, Central Railway has cancelled its maintenance block on the main line on Sunday. For the first time ever, railway officials have sought assistance of RTO officials to tackle auto and taxi refusals outside stations.The TOI had highlighted the increasing number of refusals and rude behaviour by auto/taxi drivers during the railway blocks last three Sundays. Reacting to TOI report, a senior WR official said, \"We are requesting Andheri RTO to deploy adequate staff outside stations during the block period. They should ensure that taxis and autos are available for passengers. We have also asked the traffic police for assistance.\"The BEST will also operate 80 additional buses. to cater to the rush of passengers.Said BEST public relations officer N A Walawalkar, \"We will run additional buses at the following crucial points --Andheri bus station, Agarkar Chowk, Kala Nagar, Bandra bus station (W), Mumbai Central station and Hutatma ChowkWe expect a heavy rush of passengers between 11 am and 4 pm -- during the block period.\"DetailsBefore the commencement of the block, the last services on the slow and fast corridor will be as under:* UP DirectionFast Corridor:Virar -Churchgate: departure from Virar at 08.36 am and arrive Churchgate at 10.01 am.Borivali-Churchgate : Departure Borivali at 9.25 am and arrive Churchgate at 10.20 amSlow Corridor:Borivali-Churchgate : Departure from Borivali at 09.00 am and reach Churchgate at 10.05 amAndheri-Churchgate : Departure from Andheri at 9.39 am and reachChurchgate at 10.25 am* Down Direction* Fast Corridor:Churchgate-Virar : departure from Churchgate at 09.35 am and reach Virar at 10.58 am.* Slow CorridorChurchgate-Borivali : departure from Churchgate at 9.49 am and reach Borivali at 10.54 am.* Post-BlockFirst service to Borivali will depart from Churchgate at 4.30 pm. Similarly a scheduled service VR-670 will depart Virar at 3.27 pm for Churchgate.* Special trainsWestern Railway will run 124 special trains between Andheri and Virar during block period. Four Pairs of Special Services between Churchgate-Andheri by Diesel LocoA special train will leave Mumbai Central at 10.00 am reaching Andheri at 10.55 am. This train will not halt at Mahalaxmi station. Second Special will leave Churchgate at 12.15 pm and reach Andheri at 13.15 pm.The third special will leave Churchgate at 2.35 pm and reach Andheri at 3.35 pmFourth train will Mumbai central at 11.00 am and will reach Borivali at 12.15 pm. It will stop at Dadar, Mahim, Bandra, Khar, Santacruz, Vileparle, and Andheri stations.A special train will leave Andheri at 11.05 am and reach Churchgate at 12.05 pm.Second special will depart from Andheri at 1.25 pm and arrive at Churchgate at 2.25 pm.The third special will leave Andheri at 3.45 pm and reach Dadar at 4.18 pm.This special train will not halt at Matunga station.Fourth train will leave Borivali at 12.50 pm and will arrive Mumbai Central at 2.05 pm. It will stop at Andheri, Vileparle, Santacruz, Khar,Bandra, Mahim and Dadar stn.* Partial cancellation:Train No 59439 Dn (Mumbai Central -Ahmedabad Passenger) will remain cancelled between Mumbai Central and Borivali* Following trains will be provided additional halts at Andheri :Ranakpur Express, Kutch Express, Surya Nagri Express, Ajmer/Udaipur-Bandra Tr.-Ajmer/Udaipur Express, Jodhour-Bandra Terminus Express, Sayaji Nagri Express ,Bandra Terminus -Delhi sarai Rohilla Garib Rath Express and Bikaner -Dadar-Bikaner Express will be provided halt at Andheri.Karnavati Express will be given halt at Andheri and Dadar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748066", "title": "25% must in science, math internal tests to clear SSC", "text": "MUMBAI: Students appearing for the secondary school certificate (SSC) examination will have to secure a minimum score of 25% in the maths and science written exams this year.Till last year, the aggregate scores of the internal and theory exams were considered for passing, now, students will have to compulsorily pass in the written exam as well. The SSC exam will start from March 1.While the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, which conducts the SSC exam, claimed to have announced the norm at the beginning of the academic year, however, several city schools are confused over the new directive. \"Most students score well in the internal exams,\" said a senior official.\"They believe that the aggregate score in the written and internal tests will help them clear the SSC exams. This increases the success rate as the schools assess the internal tests,\" he added.However, this year, out of the total 120-mark written exam for maths, students have to get a minimum score of 30. In science, students will have to score a minimum of 15 marks (in the board paper of 60) to clear, a senior official said.Sarjerao Jadhav, the state board chairperson, said, \"Students manage to clear the exam when both the written and internal scores are counted together. However, from the next year, students will have to get a minimum passing percentage in all the written papers. This year, the policy is applicable only to maths and science. Schools have been informed about it from the commencement of the academic session.\"Several city principals mentioned that an aggregate would be considered for passing. However, Rekha Shahani, principal of Kamla high school in Khar, said, \"The board has elaborated on the marking pattern, when the syllabus changed this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747694", "title": "Withdrawal symptoms hit all", "text": "MUMBAI: A day before Saturday's withdrawal deadline, most major political parties went all-out to woo rebels. Twenty-three forms were pulled out by candidates on Friday but despite bringing to the table their best negotiating skills the parties could not convince any major rebel to withdraw.Of the 23, three were affiliated to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) but are likely to be dummy candidates, official sources said.Pressure was still being applied till late at night, with the Shiv Sena and Congress even dangling carrots by nominating rebels as members to civic committees.The corporation has 69 seats for nominated members and councilors on committees such as the BEST, education committee, tree authority and ward committees. But criterion to the appointment on each committee is different. \"We are promising candidates nominations, especially sitting corporators who have fielded their wives. We expect some result by Saturday,\" said a senior Congress legislator.Among prominent names being wooed are senior leader Ajit Sawant, who has been since his suspension from the party, making allegation against the leadership, sitting corporator Baldev Singh Mankoo, Meena Desai and Kamlesh Yadav. The Shiv Sena is trying to convince Tilak Nagar corporator Raja Chaugule to take back his nomination as an independent.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is trying to woo leaders such as Parag Alvani, who has fielded his wife as an independent, Rita Makwana, Arvind Parmar , Arvind Bane, Vinay Tripathi and sitting corporator Vishwanath Maske. \"We hope for a breakthrough by late Friday night and senior leaders, including Vinod Tawde, Raj Purohit and Rajesh Sharma are trying to convince rebels to fight for the party's interest,\" said a senior BJP legislator.Meanwhile, Amina Syed (ward 91) and Rajaram Bavkar (ward 15) withdrew their names from the Mumbai 227 platform; Bavkar will now contest from the same ward but from another platform. Mumbai 227 will now field 61 candidates for the civic elections.(With inputs from Linah Baliga)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11750097", "title": "Tribals rally for wholesome ambiance at shrine ahead of Shiva Ratri", "text": "KORAPUT: Durua tribals have taken it upon themselves to set things right at the famous cave shrine of Gupteswar before Shiva Ratri. They have embarked upon this because vendors have been crowding the road leading to the temple and river Kolab. Some shops are also selling liquor and non-vegetarian food close to the temple in Boipariguda block.On Thursday, many Duruas met near the cave shrine and decided to work for the safety and development of the shrine. \"Thousands of people visit Gupteswar throughout the year and the number goes up during Shiva Ratri. But mismanagement creates a wrong impression about the temple on visitors. So we decided to work for the development of the shrine,\" said Gonchu Durua, a tribal leader.\"We have appealed to officials to solve the problems but to no avail. The administration does nothing except collect fee from vehicles and visitors. We have asked traders to remove their shops from the temple area. There should not be any shops within 200 metres radius of Gupteswar to avoid congestion,\" Gonchu said.He also said that a particular patch of land has been identified for traders, who come to the temple during Shiva Ratri from the state and Chhattisgarh, to put up their temporary shops,\" he added. The tribals alleged that some traders in connivance with excise officials are selling liquor near the temple and few hotels are also selling non-vegetarian food. \"We have asked traders not to sell liquor and non-vegetarian food near the temple. We will deal strictly with those trying to sell these,\" said Sitaram Durua, another villager.But Debottar officer (Jeypore) Maheswar Naik said, \"It's not true that the administration is doing nothing for the temple. Elaborate security and necessary arrangements are being made by the administration for Shiva Ratri for the benefit of visitors.\"Duruas living in villages in and around Ramagiri forests adjacent to Gupteswar eke out a living by selling minor forest produces, flowers and puja materials near the cave temple. A few months ago, the Duruas had banned use of polythene at Gupteswar, which is still in force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749796", "title": "HC: Improve conditions in slaughter houses", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court on Friday directed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to take immediate measures for improving the condition of slaughter houses in the city. A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale also asked both respondents to provide details on affidavit regarding construction of modern abattoirs in Nagpur.The court was hearing suo motu plea regarding poor sanitary and unhygienic conditions at the Bhandewadi slaughter house which led to several problems to nearby residents. Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust, a social organization working for protection and welfare of animals, also filed a plea claiming that majority of slaughter houses are running illegally as they haven't sought permission of MPCB and Animal Welfare Board of India before opening as per rules of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960. Firdos Mirza was appointed as amicus curiae.During the last hearing, the court had asked NMC chief to file an affidavit mentioning the provisions of Section 57(1)(m) of the City of Nagpur Corporation Act, 1948, which makes it mandatory for the corporation to build, maintain and regulate modern slaughter houses in the city as per the needs.Health officer Dr Milind Ganvir filed an affidavit informing that on account of opposition by various NGOs to build a slaughter house at Bhandewadi at Rs 32 crore, NMC will find an alternate site outside the city limits, and decision would be put before its general body for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753081", "title": "Jayanth shooting for his next in Pudhukottai", "text": "Jayanth, son of popular actor Bhanuchandar, is busy shooting for his next in Pudhukottai. Titled Neengatha Ennam, it's said to be a romantic entertainer.Says director MSS, \"Through this film, I want to drive home the point that falling in love is not a crime, but falling in love at the wrong age can be disastrous.\"He adds, \"While parents have to understand that it's important to establish trust and friendship with their kids, the children also need to realize the amount of sacrifice their parents make to bring them up.\"The film stars Jayanth (who debuted with Margazhi 16) and newcomer Ankita in the lead. \"Jayaprakash and Saranya also play important roles in the film, which has music by debutant Immanuel Satish,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "11750189", "title": "Congress seeks probe into candidate murder", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: Congress supporters and villagers of Thapapali on Friday laid siege on the collectorate here demanding high-level inquiry into the murder of ward member candidate Ekadasia Majhi. Four persons had been arrested. The Congress alleged that Majhi was killed because of political rivalry. The Congress rallied with the body of Majhi and brought it to the collectorate. Senior Congress leader Narasingha Mishra said, \"It was a political conspiracy. The ruling BJD party hatched the conspiracy. Police are deliberately ignoring the main accused.\"The Congress said police had adequate information about the murder conspiracy but overlooked it. However, additional SP Srikanta Mishra said police took adequate action and arrested two culprits. \"There was no leniency shown to any accused. The investigation is on. If we get more clues on the murder, we will work on that,\" he said.Price of rice key issue in Kendrapada pollsPrices of essential commodities and rice have turned out to be a key issue in the run-up to the panchayat polls in the coastal districts of Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur.\"Subsidy on rice has taken centrestage in the election battle,\" said Bana Bihari Jena of Gandakhia village. While the BJD is claiming credit for starting Rs 2 per kg rice scheme all over the state, the Congress says it is possible for the state government only because the Centre gives subsidy of Rs 11 per kg rice. Voters, on the other hand, do not care much about that, they are happy with the scheme, said Saroj Nayak of Suniti gram panchayat area.To beat the BJD, the Congress and the BJP have started campaigning by raising the issue of corruption against many ministers and the chief minister himself. \"The Congress and the BJP are trying to hoodwink rural people by bringing corruption charges against the BJD. But the voters will not be influenced by false allegations against Neveen Patnaik and his ministers,\" said Alekha Jena, the BJD MLA from Rajnagar. The Congress, on the other hand, has promised to build a jute mill in Kendrapada to woo large numbers of jute growers in the area.\"We will build a jute mill near Kendrapada, which will benefit thousands of jute growers,\" said Debendra Sharma, the district congress president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748474", "title": "HC notice to chief of Peace Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a setback to the Peace Party, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Friday issued notices to its national president Dr Mohd Ayub, state president Dr Abdul Mannan and Kanpur Nagar divisional president Shakir Ali Usmani for allegedly forcing its candidate to deposit heavy amount in the party fund for allotting him its party symbol to contest the assembly election.The next hearing in this matter will take place on February 29. A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice SC Chaurasia passed the above order on a writ petition filed by party candidate from Govindnagar assembly constituency in Kanpur. The petitioner stated that the Peace Party has demanded Rs 5-20 lakh from each candidate.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11750533", "title": "HC tells Punjab to recognize skaters' accomplishments", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Roller skaters in Punjab can now hope for a better time for their discipline. Punjab and Haryana high court has told the state government to recognize and encourage this sport. A division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, after hearing the petition of Wonderland Skating Club, said, \"We are of the view that Punjab should have a positive attitude in the matter of granting recognition to this particular field of sport and also due recognition to persons who have excelled therein by award of suitable prizes, certificates and other forms of recognition as may be considered appropriate by (it)\".The petitioner stated that the sport was globally recognized and should be encouraged in India and Punjab as well. However, in response, Punjab government raised objection to the locus standi of the petitioner organization.After hearing the petition as well as the response of the Punjab government, division bench held that all forms of recognized sporting activities needed encouragement. \"Insofar a roller skating is concerned, undoubtedly, it is a widely popular sports activity where human skill and physical endurance are required in large measures. National and international events in this branch of sports are organized and attract public participation,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750345", "title": "Demand for hike in budget for Muslims", "text": "HYDERABAD: A delegation comprising politicians, civil society members and academicians from the Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu), submitted a memorandum to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy seeking Rs 3000 crore for the Muslim community in the coming financial year.The proposal presented by the delegation is based on the resolution reached at a recent round table meet organized by Centre for Study of Social Exclusive and Inclusive Policy (CSSEIP) at Manuu. Cutting across party lines politicians who participated in the meet held on January 19 agreed that the allocations made for Muslims in the previous budget was not commensurate with their population. They said that the Muslim community which makes up 11 % of the state's population requires 10 times more than the Rs 300 crore, which was the allocation for the entire minority communities. They demanded Rs 3000 crore in the planned budget of 2012-13 financial year.Director for CSSEIP, Kancha Illiah, said that the CM had reacted positively to their proposals. \"The CM promised that he would look into our proposals. But he also pointed out that lack of necessary resources would make it difficult to agree to the whole proposal. We demanded setting up of Maulana Azad Multimedia Centres in 27 district and town headquarters where Muslims constitute more than 30 percent of the population. In the first year we asked for five such centers,\" he said. The proposal presented by Manuu demands an annual allocation of Rs 100 crore for the development of multimedia centers. The delegation included Muslim leaders from the Congress, TDP, TRS, Jamaat-e-Islami and Confederation of Voluntary Associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749688", "title": "'Preparing job-ready engg graduates hard'", "text": "NAGPUR: The most common complaint from industry about fresh engineering graduates is their lack of immediate employability. Investing time and money to train the new recruits is common. It seems that is how things will stay, as academicians feel creating readily employable engineering graduate is nearly impossible.Various educationists were in the city to attend a seminar organized by YCCE in association with University of Hartford, (UoH) USA. As part of it, a panel discussion on \"Industry-Academia Interaction\" was held. Tom Eppes, a UoH professor, told TOI that preparing job-ready graduates was a very difficult task, be it in India or US. \"Companies should accept the fact that they are getting someone who can be moulded in the desired form. It is the industry's job to further develop the raw talent and benefit from it,\" he said.Manali Kshirsagar, professor at YCCE and convener of the seminar, said, \"Engineering graduates have the basic knowledge required to function and most of them have an aptitude to learn and implement new things. Hence during campus interviews companies rely mostly on aptitude tests.\"Eppes felt the gap between industry requirements and fresh graduates could be reduced by increased interaction. \"We allow students to work full time in industry and give them credits for it. Even our faculties are allowed to work as consultants thus keeping them updated on industry trends. Research on campus is another area which we focus on in collaboration with the companies,\" said Eppes.Faculty at UoH visit companies and ask them for research projects that have been put on the backburner due to budget cuts.Eppes' UoH colleague Devdas Shetty said, \"the research is then undertaken by students and the company has a chance of seeing a technological breakthrough. Even if a project fails nobody loses.\"Having a relevant curriculum can help prepare graduates better but only to an extent, felt Kshirsagar. \"In most Indian universities, the syllabi are not updated for years. Autonomous institutes, on the other hand, are free to change their syllabi in accordance with industry requirements. We ensure that the core syllabi is pretty much intact but make frequent changes to the electives,\" she said.The electives are more focused and updated as per current industry requirements. IT giant Infosys has given YCCE three electives for final year. \"It is not practical to have electives from every company and then teach it to students, so there is a limit to implementing the same,\" said Kshirsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749716", "title": "Woman held for theft at marriage hall", "text": "NAGPUR: A 39-year-old woman from Khaperkheda was arrested by Sakkardara police for allegedly stealing valuables from marriage hall. Cops recovered a purse having valuables, cash and mobile worth 1.55 lakh from her.According to police, Deepa Gelonde (29), a resident of Yashwant Nagar lodged a complaint on December 21 about her purse that was stolen from the marriage hall at Sakkardara square. Gelonde had gone to a relative's marriage when a miscreant fled with her bag while she was having food. During investigation, Sakkardara police interrogated Jyoti Raut and recovered the stolen material from her house.Three youths heldGittikhadan police arrested three youths for allegedly stealing soyabean oil cans and sugar sacks worth 12,000 from a shop at Manavta Nagar square in October last year. Police said the youths had broken open the channel gate and decamped with the material. Later, on interrogation, the youths also confessed to a 5 lakh burglary at Civil Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11750728", "title": "Trinamool Cong candidate joins poll race", "text": "KANPUR: Trinamool Congress candidate Mohammad Junaid Ansari submitted his nomination papers for the Kanpur Cantonment seat on the penulitimate day to file nominations on Friday.Bundelkhand Congress candidate Harmeet Singh has filed papers for Govind Nagar seat.As many as 71 candidates, including 20 Independents, filed their papers on Friday. The Assembly elections would be held in the city on February 23. Several candidates, who had filed nominations earlier, once again submitted their nomination papers to confirm their claims. The reason behind filing further set of nomination papers was that the candidates do not want to take risk. If one set was rejected due to some error, then second set would be there to be considered.Returning officer of Maharajpur seat received the highest number of 12 nominations while Kalyanpur and Kiwai Nagar obtained minimum four candidates each. In Billhaur, Kamlesh Diwakar (BSP), Vinod Kumar (Independent), Ram Lakhan Gautam (Congress), Bheekham Prasad (Independent), Babu Ram (Independent) and Ramesh Chandra (Apna Dal) filed their papers.In Bithoor, Abhijeet Singh (Congress), Ram Prakash (BSP), Jagdish Narayan (Independent), Surjan (Independent), Vijay Narayan (Rashtriya Viklang Party) Rai Himanshu Singh (Janta Dal U) and Mahesh Prasad (Independent) have jumped into the fray.In Kalyanpur, Devi Prasad Tiwari (Congress), Uma Tiwari (Independent), Ram Babu (Indian Justice Party) and Manju Balmiki (Prajatantrik Bahujan Shakti Dal) have filed papers.In Govind Nagar, Ashok Anshwani (SP), Satyadev Pachouri (BJP), Shailendra Dixit (Congress), Shivaji Yadav (Bhartiya Jankranti Democratic Party), Surendra Katiyar (Jan Kranti Party Rashtrawadi ), Umesh Kumar Savita (Indian Justice Party), Virendra Kumar (Rashtritya Viklang party), Rupendra Gujral (Independent), Harmeet Singh (Bundelkhand Congress) and Amit Kumar (Jan Rajya Party) have filed nominations.In Sisamau, Pushpa Devi (Jan Rajya Party), Ram Sewak (UP Republican Party), Prakash Mishra (Janta Dal-U), Ankur Awasthi (Bhartiya Jan Kranti Democratic Party), Laddan (Independent) and Ashok Kumar Kureel (Independent) have jumped into the political arena by filing nomination papers. In Arya Nagar, Javed Khan (Congress), Salil Bishnoi (BJP), Mohd Adil (Indian Union Muslim League), Sajjan Singh Tomar (Jan Kranti Party-Rashtrawadi), Shyam Dixit (Independent) and Gopal Krishna Agarwal (Janta Dal-U) have filed papers.In Kidwai Nagar, Neeraj Dutt Dixit (Independent), Sitaram Shukla (Jan Janwadi Party-Kranti), Anil Awasthi (Communist Party) and Raj Kumar Dixit (Rashtriya Lokmanch) filed nominations.In Kanpur Cantonment, Mohammad Junaid Ansari (Trinamool Congress), Raj Shekhar (Independent), Shabnam (Rashtriya Viklang Party), Chandra Bhan Sankhwar (Republican Party of India), Hamid Hussain (Janta Dal-S), Kuldeep Anand Baba (Indian Justice Party) and Ashok Kumar Bajpai (Janta Dal -U) filed their papers.In Maharajpur, Kapil Singh (Jan Sangh), Lali Mishra (UP Republican Party), Yogesh Kushwaha (Janta Dal-U), Prem Chandra Pandey (Samajwadi Janta party-R), Rati Ram (Independent), Shyam Sundar Pandey (Rashtriya Ulema Council), Shashi Kumar (Rashtriya Swabhiman Party), Durga Shankar Mishra (Akhil Bhartiya Hindu Mahasabha), Mohammad Usman (Peace Party), Ram Shankar Yadav (Independent), Rajeev Chauhan (Independent) and Uma Shankar Bajpai (Independent) have filed nomination papers. In Ghatampur, Udayveer Singh (Rashtrya Lok Manch), Saroj (BSP), Nandram Sonkar (Congress), Ram Pal Singh (Indian Justice Party), Geeta Devi (BJP), Budha Priya (Independent), Chandra Kishora (Lok Jan Shakti Party), Ram Kishore (Soshit Samaj Party) and Ram Jeevan (Independent) are in the fray. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749892", "title": "EC orders DySP and PI transfers", "text": "PANAJI: Based on an order from the Election Commission of India, the state police department on Friday ordered the immediate transfers of deputy superintendent of police and police inspectors.Nilu S Raut Dessai will now serve as the sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) for Mapusa-I, while Bossuet De A M Silva will now be SDPO for Mapusa-II. Similarly, Dinraj R Govekar has been posted as SDPO at Ponda. Lawrence D'Souza has been transferred as SDPO, Vasco.G V P Mhapne will be posted at Quepem as SDPO. Umesh N Y Gaonkar is now deputy superintendent of police at the police headquarters in Panaji. P L Mapari will now serve as DySP at SPCR in Panaji. Naresh V Mhamal is now special officer to the director general of police.Amongst the police inspectors, Rajendra S Prabhudesai will serve at the Panaji police station. Prabodh B Shirvoikar and Suresh N Gaonkar have been posted at the Ponda and Collem police stations, respectively. Sudesh Naik has been transferred to the Bicholim police station.At Valpoi and Porvorim police stations, Siddhant Shirodkar and Sagar Ekoskar will serve as police inspectors now. Bhanudas G Dessai has been transferred to Mapusa and Ramesh Y Gaonkar at the Maina Curtorim police station.Suraj Halarnkar has been posted at the Cuncolim police station and Uttam Y R Dessai at CID security at Panaji. While Manoj Mardolkar will serve at the immigration centre at the airport, Sudesh Narvekar will be posted at the traffic cell in Margao.Brutano Paxito will handle the CID CB at Panaji and Harishchandra V Madkaikar will take charge of the CID EOC in Panaji.Nelson Albuquerque will be posted at GRP C Coy and Nolasco Raposo will handle coastal security. Raposo will also hold additional charge of the election cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11750778", "title": "Women exhort voters to exercise their franchise", "text": "KANPUR: Men generally do not like women to break the tradition and try to assert themselves, says Yasmeen, a member of the group. She said: \"We also spoke to the male members of the family, who often discourage the women and stop them from going to the polling booths. Many men came in support and assured us that they would send the women members of the family to cast vote on the polling day.\"In Bhognipur, several Muslim women joined the group in promoting the cause. \"Muslim women, even from orthodox families, shunned their hesitation and came out in large numbers to listen to our appeal and even accompanied us to several other households, making the drive successful,\" said Asma of Akbarpur Rania. Maheshwari said the campaign will help in the participation of women in the electoral process, forcing the candidates to give a thought to this section of the society.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747962", "title": "India to raise malaria toll figure 40-fold", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's new official figures for malaria deaths, to be finalized in a few weeks, could be 40 times higher than present estimates.A 16-member committee - set up by the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) - to gauge India's actual malaria death burden has reached 40, 297 as the average death per year due to the vector-borne disease.However, India's official figure for malaria deaths stood at 1,023 and 430 in 2010 and 2011, respectively. Committee chairman and former chief of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) Dr Padam Singh Pradhan told TOI in an exclusive interview that the final report was submitted to the ministry recently.\"India records between 30, 014 and 48, 660 malaria deaths per year. On an average, 40,297 Indians die of the mosquito-borne disease every year. Overall, the number of malaria cases is 9.75 million,\" Pradhan said.The revelation comes a day after TOI reported a Lancet study that said malaria killed an estimated 46,800 Indians in 2010. The study said its estimates \"4, 800 malaria deaths in children younger than five years and 42, 000 malaria deaths in those aged five years or older,\" for 2010 as against \"19, 000 malaria deaths in children younger than five years and 87,000 malaria deaths in those aged five years or older in 2002.\"Reacting to India's official figure of 1, 023, lead researcher of Lancet study Prof Christopher Murray from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation told TOI from Washington that \"No way can India's malaria mortality figure be as less as 1,023. India must exercise more energy to gauging its real burden. Interestingly, we found that only 11% of all malaria related deaths were among children while the rest were adults. India must also give importance to verbal autopsy reports.\"NVBDCP officials, however, agreed with the finding that majority of India's malaria victims - almost 89% - are adults. \"As against Africa where most malaria deaths occur among the pediatric age group, in India it is mostly adults who succumb to malaria infection. We agree that India's malaria burden will be much higher than what is presently reported. WHO too says India could be recording over 15,000 deaths due to malaria. However, at present we only document cases which come to the hospital and the malaria parasite is found in the blood of the victim,\" an official told TOI.Dr Pradhan said the new formula has factored in fever, malaria positivity and fatality rates. \"Till now, fever rate was not being recorded in the system. We will soon be revising India's malaria mortality figures,\" a NVBDCP official said.At present, except Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir, which are above 5,000 feet, the rest of Indian states are malaria prone. All the north-eastern states, besides West Bengal, Odisha, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Karnataka, are the high-focus states.According to Professor Murray, direct interviews with those who died of symptoms closely resembling to malaria like high fever and shivering but didn't get a blood test done should be taken into consideration. He added, \"Most of those who reach a hospital with malaria do get treated. Those who die are the ones who don't reach a hospital.\"According to the recent World Malaria report 2011, over 70% of India's population, or 100.41 crores face the risk of malaria infection. Around 31 crores, however, face the \"highest risk\" of getting infected by the vector borne disease. India has over 10 crore suspected malaria cases, but only 15.9 lakhs could be confirmed in 2010. Of the confirmed cases, 8.3 lakhs were infected by plasmodium falciparum, while 7.6 lakhs were infected with Plasmodium Vivax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748383", "title": "Bumper harvest poses problem of plenty for govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country will enjoy another bumper harvest in 2011-12, with an estimated 102 million tonnes of rice and 88 million tonnes of wheat projected as per the revised estimates of the Union government. But this could also create a problem of plenty for the government with the National Food Security Bill pending in Parliament, and the government unable to offload existing stocks to the states.The bill, if implemented with a wider coverage, could ensure that the stocks are taken out of the Central and state warehouses though different arms of the government are still tied up in debate about how expansive the beneficiary list be.Total production of rice is estimated at 102.75 million tones, an all-time record. Production of wheat estimated at 88.31 million tonnes is also a new record.The government release on Friday said, \"As a result of significant increase in production of rice and wheat, the estimated production of total foodgrains during 2011-12 stands at a record level of 250.42 million tonnes which is higher than the target of 245 million tonnes fixed for the year. The estimated production of foodgrains for the year is also higher by 5.64 million tonnes as compared to earlier record foodgrains production of 244.78 million tonnes achieved during last year.\"The production of pulses and oilseeds is estimated at 17.28 million tonnes and 30.53 million tones, respectively.Production of cotton estimated at 34.09 million bales that also will make a new record. The estimated production of sugarcane stands at 347.87 million tones, which is higher by 5.09 million tonnes as compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748467", "title": "JDA's notice to speed up BRTS work", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) work that is going on at a snail's pace is expected to gain momentum. The firm responsible for its construction has swung into action after the Jaipur Development Authority's (JDA) notice to confiscate performance guarantee.In a meeting at the JDA headquarters on Friday, the firm has given assurance to speed up the work. The JDA has also set December 2012, a new deadline for the project. Executive engineer (BRTS), Ashok Choudhary said, \"We have given the firm a deadline of December 31 to complete the project. Also, the firm has asked for a grace period that if the work progress is not visible within 15 days the authority can take any action.\"Recently, the JDA had issued a notice to confiscate the performance guarantee of Rs 5 crore and also sought an explanation within 15 days. Neeraj Cement Structural Ltd. and ARSS Infrastructure Project Limited have taken up the BRTS work. An official said, \"It was a review meeting after giving a firm 15 days of time. The work of elevated roads and BRTS corridor at various places is going on at a snail's pace. Despite issuing notices and imposing penalty of Rs 10 lakh no improvement can be witnessed.\"A source said that to save time the JDA wants same company should carry on work and strict monitoring should be done by the authorities, because in case the JDA takes work from the awarded company the work can delay further.According to official reports, only 40% of the construction work of the elevated BRTS corridor has been completed till date. Despite slapping the construction company with a heavy fine and a court notice, authorities have set a new deadline. Official said, to quicken the pace of the already delayed Durgapura elevated road project, the JDA had decided to provide assistance to the companies assigned as they are facing financial debt resulting in slow pace of work. The JDA too had pushed back the deadline thrice. However, no concerted result can be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749492", "title": "He uses his food pipe to speak, and his speech is near-normal", "text": "BANGALORE: He uses his food pipe to speak, and his speech is near-normal. Retd Wing Commander Mohan Raj, 65, a victim of chain smoking, underwent a surgery to remove his voice box, which was hit by a tumour.Laryngeal cancer, also called cancer of the larynx or laryngeal carcinoma, can develop in any part of the larynx (voice box), but the cure rate is affected by the location of the tumour. In March 2011, Mohan was operated on and his voice box removed. He's now mastered the new technique of speech, is active on social networking sites, and finds people similarly afflicted.\"Whenever I find it difficult to breathe or any bleeding, I immediately post it on the website Webwhispers, and within minutes, I get responses from similar patients across the world. I've made many friends online and the group has a doctor too,\" says Mohan.Mohan underwent Tracheo Esophageal Prosthesis (TEP), an advancement in medical technology which enables speech production by means of voice prosthesis. \"A small passage or valve is constructed between the windpipe and food pipe, and a block is created in the neck section to enable the patient to breathe. Mohan can speak because of vibrations in the food pipe. Not all patients master this art, but Mohan achieved it through sheer willpower,\" said Dr Vishal Rao, consultant oncologist, head and neck surgeon at Fortis Hospital.\"No one can train a patient to speak after TEP, it must be self-learnt. Mohan achieved it and encourages other patients to speak too,\" says Wing Commander Dr Pradeep Jaiswal, surgical oncologist at Commando Hospital, who is treating Mohan.Mohan is now setting up a forum for similar victims of smoking and passive smoking.Positive Attitude CountsBrij Mehraj, 69, triumphed over dental cancer over a year ago. Said Mehraj: \"I thank my doctors who've always encouraged me and never made me think I was fighting a serious illness. At the end of the day, it's our attitude which helps us fight the disease.\"Mehraj said he was inspired by his friend, who died of uterus cancer after fighting it for 11 years. \"I saw her living with the disease and still enjoying life for over a decade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750324", "title": "Naya Qila area to be inspected again today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The contentious Naya Qila area will once again be inspected on Saturday under the supervision of former advocate general D V Sitaram Murthy to ascertain the presence of graves around the Mustafa Khan Mosque.The Wakf Board in a survey report presented to the AP High Court on November 2 had claimed that the entire 28 acres of land around the mosque contains graves. During a hearing on January 30, the court took cognizance of the difference in reports and counter-affidavits filled by Archaeological Survey of India, revenue department, Hyderabad Golf Association ( HGA) and Wakf Board. According to sources, ASI had contended that there was no need for soil testing, as contended by the board, since there is no evidence of graves outside the mosque area. Following this, a re-survey of the area was done on January 2. But the Wakf Board contested the results of this survey as it contradicted its earlier findings.\"The inspection is being conducted because various government bodies involved in the previous surveys and inspections could not produce a conclusive report.,\" said a source associated with the issue. He added that the report has to be submitted on February 13 to the HC bench. The survey is set to begin at 11 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750599", "title": "Men dominate star campaigners\u2019 list", "text": "Political parties were expected to project more women star campaigners as there's 50% reservation of seats for women in the civic polls. Women voters may be crucial for the elections but the star campaigners' list of political parties is more like a men's club.Leaders, cutting across party lines, said lack of women star campaigners does not indicate that political parties are finding it difficult to project women leaders. The list, for most parties, has been drawn up on the basis of organizational hierarchy.Barring the Congress, no political party has named more than three women in their lists of 20 star campaigners . The Shiv Sena and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) have named only one each-Dr Neelam Gorhe and Kiran Alhat . The Sena, known for its strong women's wing, said the list was prepared as per the organizational hierarchy, with the Thackeray family leading the party.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have only three women leaders in their lists. For the MNS, the party will largely depend on its chief Raj Thackeray's popularity, and Shilpa Sarpotdar , Shalini Thackeray and Reeta Gupta, who have been named, are part of the party's women's wing.Elections in other states have proved to be the bane for the BJP, which has lost out on leaders like Uma Bharti, who is campaigning for the UP elections . Its stars include Sushma Swaraj and Smruti Irani.The Congress seems better placed. While as per election commission norms, a party can declare 20 names as star campaigners to get permission to travel in poll-bound areas, the Congress has listed 31, including Priya Dutt, Varsha Gaikwad, Sudha Joshi, Janet D'Souza and Nagma Morarji.The party plans an amended list to include Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748432", "title": "RPI to announce its civic election candidates today", "text": "NASHIK: The Republican Party of India (RPI-Athawale), an ally of Shiv Sena, has said that it will announce its 17-member list for the NMC polls on Saturday morning.Moreover, the A-B forms (documents issued by recognized political parties to certify the official nominee and authorizing him to use the party symbol, respectively) are also to be given to its candidates on Saturday-the last day for withdrawal of nominations.The party has also urged the chief returning officer to allot either 'kite' or 'cup-saucer' as the election symbol. After parting ways with its ally the BJP, the Shiv Sena had clinched a pre-poll alliance with RPI (A) by allocating 17 seats to it.\"We will finalize all 17 candidates once the scrutiny of nominations is over. We will announce the list of all party candidates on Saturday morning and they will be given A-B forms on the same day,\" Nashik district RPI Chief Prakash Londhe said.Of the 17 seats, RPI is contesting six seats from Nashik division, four seats each from Satpur and Nashik East, two seats from Panchavati and one seat from Cidco division.\"Apart from the 17 seats, we have demanded five more seats from the Shiv Sena, from wards no. 34, 52, 57, 37 and 49, but we have still not reached consensus on the issue. So, RPI candidates Sunil Laxman Kamble and Sunil Sampat Kamble have already filed their nominations from ward no. 34 and 47, respectively. We have not demanded those seats where our ally Shiv Sena will be embarrassed,\" he said.In 2007, the RPI had contested the NMC elections on its own after the Congress and the NCP did not include it in its pre-poll alliance. The RPI had contested 22 seats and had won 2 seats. The party was on number two position in 11 constituencies.\"Last time, it was a difficult task as we had to fight against all the major parties-from the Congres-NCP alliance, Shiv Sena-BJP combine to Maharashtra Navnirman Sena. This time situation is favourable as compared to that of last elections and we will definitely do better in the polls,\" Londhe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749421", "title": "Jan Akrosh declares its manifesto of expectations", "text": "NAGPUR: Social organization Jan Akrosh has declared its own manifesto and announced support to candidates whowould promise to solve six major issues facing the city. General secretary Ravindra Kaskhedikar said, \"NMC handed over the city's water works to a private company for 25 years in the name of 24x7 water supply. It is an unjust decision and should be scrapped. Besides, citizens residing in Dharampeth Zone have been issued inflated water bills because of faulty meter reading. The entire amount should be waived off.\"He also said agreement signed between the NMC and private city bus operator should be revised so that bus service becomes up to the mark. The organization also wants decisions to charge 24% interest on property tax arrears and proposal to levy property tax on ready reckoner basis be taken back. The health facilities, sanitation, greenery, roads and other basic amenities should be improved.The decision was taken in a meeting of the organization attended by president Dr Anil Laddhad, Prabhakar Khonde, Radheshyam Samrit, NL Chandak, Mahesh Manani and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749614", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on flood control", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court (HC) on Friday directed the state chief secretary (CS) to make available to the court all the details of the actions taken by the state government till date to solve the problem of recurring flood in the state. A division bench of the court, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad, passed the order on a PIL filed by an NGO, Chhaya Sarkar.Petitioner's advocate M P Gupta said that the court directed the CS to file details in this regard by April, 10. The court was told that in 2007 itself, after the devastating Kosi flood in the state, the Central government had directed the state government to chalk out concrete measures to check the recurring flood in the state, but no tangible steps has been taken by the state government so far in this regard. The petitioner, in its PIL, had stated that with floods devastating the state every year, huge destruction takes place and urged the court to direct the state government to take appropriate action in this regard.Notice to Araria DM, SP: A single bench of the court presided by Justice Seema Ali Khan on Friday issued notice to the Araria DM, the SP and the SDPO in connection with a case filed by former Union minister Taslimuddin's son and JD(U) MLA Sarfaraz Alam. Alam has, in his PIL, said that he was denied the right to vote by the Araria DM in the last year's panchayat election as the then DM had expatriated him from the district at the time of election. Alam had later challenged the DM's order in the HC.Lawyers' march: Lawyers belonging to SCs, STs, EBCs and Pasmanda Muslims took out a rally here on the day from the Ambedkar statue located near the HC demanding reservation in appointments of judges of the HC. The lawyers also gave a 'Delhi Chalo' call on March 25 to press their demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11753160", "title": "Wipro moves hiring to new business unit", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies has moved its IT hiring to newly created 'business operations unit', headed by senior vice-president Bhanumurthy BM.The IT recruitment division is responsible for a large part of the hiring at Wipro Technologies, except for the key senior leadership positions. Wipro Technologies, which has been in the midst of a 360-degree restructuring exercise as it attempts to fastrack growth, carved out a business operations unit two months ago.The company rolled the business applications services, global delivery, quality and information systems functions into the new unit.\"The IT recruitment team will be responsible for hiring, training and development. Earlier this was reporting to chief global delivery officer Sambuddha Deb and head of quality Jagdish Ramaswamy. Since their functions are now being headed by Bhanumurthy all the delivery recruitment will now come under him,\" a senior executive in the company said.Company executives also feel that this division would be better equipped to hire for the profiles that it needs. With this change a bulk of the technical talent will moved to the business operations unit.So for instance, the hiring of 2500 coders will be done by Bhanu and the 25 global leaders who looks into qualitative profiles will come under a separate team,said another senior executive at Wipro.The new business operations unit has been created to club all the delivery functions of the company under one roof and bring in greater automation at the back end. Wipro's restructuring exercise started last year when the company's dismantled its joint CEO model and brought in T K Kurien as the new CEO.The company has since been working towards creating \"one Wipro\" that will run more cohesively and be more agile in responding to client needs. Wipro has also made several changes to its leadership team and streamlined business divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747955", "title": "2G verdict: Affected subscribers to turn to number portability, new SIM cards", "text": "PUNE: Rajat Upadhyay uses the mobile phone connection of a service provider that is at the receiving end of the Supreme Court's order of Thursday to cancel 2G licenses issued by the government after January 2008. However, he is not worried about the possibility of his connection going dead once the SC order is implemented. He says he will shift to some other operator and continue to use his connection.Ankit Kulkarni is similarly not too bothered. He took a connection only last month and cannot change his operator for another 70 days or so, given the portability norms of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI). But he plans to buy a new SIM card and remain mobile.Mobile number portability ( MNP) and a high preponderance of prepaid connections make sure that the subscribers of affected mobile phone operators - not too high a number number according to experts - remain unfazed by the SC diktat that cancels the spectrum allocation to licensees in 121 circles.MTS and Uninor are major among the mobile phone service operators present in the city.A former director of a telecom management institute told TOI that the apex court's order will not hit subscribers - especially in Pune - of the affected companies seriously as these don't have a very large base. \"There are multiple choices available for mobile phone subscribers and there is no need to panic,\" he said, adding that there is a possibility of the TRAI relaxing the lock-in rule under which a new subscriber cannot port his number for 90 days from activating the connection.Though it is difficult to arrive at the number of subscribers in the city for the affected operators, observers estimate it to be lower than even one lakh. \"For the entire Maharashtra and Goa circle - of which Pune is a part - the aggregate number of subscribers of these companies would be something like five million, and it is not likely that the city has a very high number of them,\" said the director of a city-based financial consultancy company.Will there be a congestion problem due to large-scale porting of numbers or rush of fresh subscriptions? Those in the business answer this question in the negative. A senior functionary of an established mobile phone operator said, \"Any shift from other operators is unlikely to cause congestion in our traffic. Also, we have the option of diverting some traffic to our 3G spectrum, so as not to cause any problem to our customers.\" This functionary further said the SC order will pave the way for consolidation in the segment and each circle will have a few efficient and profitable operators.Service providers have, however, not taken subscribers into confidence about what will happen to their connections. Shweta Gosavi, who works for the pathology department of a city medical education institution, uses an MTS connection. \"I have not received any message from the company about a possible closure of the service,\" she said.Discontinuation of service may take long as the affected operators are bent upon fighting the SC order tooth and nail.Telenor Group , which runs the Uninor brand of mobile phone service, said, \"We have been unfairly treated as we simply followed the government process we were asked to. We are shocked to see that Uninor is being penalised for faults the court has found in the government process. It is important to note that order does not stop our operations for now. We will study the order in detail and exercise all options available to ensure that Uninor continues to operate in India.\"Sistema Shyam Teleservices, which offers services under the MTS brand, said, \"Sistema, by way of its investments in SSTL, has fully demonstrated its commitment to its Indian operations and is very disappointed by the Supreme Court's decision. In essence , Sistema and SSTL are being penalised for acting in good faith and in reliance on the appropriateness of the procedures established by India's telecommunications authorities.Sistema therefore looks forward to a clear, transparent and equitable policy decision on these matters by the Indian government. To safeguard its interests, Sistema and SSTL will contest this order by pursuing all available legal remedies. In the meantime, Indian operations will remain business as usual for SSTL, a national telecom operator serving more than 15 million customers, employing over 3,500 employees and with investments of over USD 2.5 billion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752891", "title": "Prosenjit Chatterjee back in action!", "text": "Prosenjit Chatterjee is back in his commercial avatar with Rajib's next. TOI catches some of the action at a film city in HyderabadHe is Tollywood's \"Moner Manush\". Not without a reason though. Leaving an \"Autograph\" in whatever he does, be it commercial or otherwise, Prosenjit Chatterjee is ready to rock as Bickram Singha Roy. The film in question, Rajib's version of the Telugu \" Vikramarkudu\" also being remade as \" Rowdy Rathore\".Traversing the commercial path after a hiatus, Prosenjit is all \"geared up\".\"I am reinventing myself as an actor. I remember there was a time when I used to shoot three to four such films per day in different shifts. With Rajib's film, I have taken on a challenge. Having done films where body language said it all, I am now involved in a project that's all about action and emotion. My personal assistants are happy that Dada is doing a masala flick and is back in form. In fact, I asked them after a fight sequence, 'Kire, pa ta thik moto uthlo toh re, maarpither somoye? Ghushi ta jordaar holo toh?\" the actor laughingly admits.Spicing up the sequence was 500 kg of red chilli on the sets. While the rest of the unit armed themselves with masks, the hero braved the situation - his only respite being the repeated use of eye drops to combat the irritation.What's more, a perfectionist to the core, Prosenjit keeps rehearsing till he gets it right. \"My energy level is very high as I love what I do. I know I am not a talented actor but I'm hardworking. Till date, I've worked in more than 300 films with a budget ranging from 6 lakh to 6 crore. The industry has given me love, respect and appreciation but I haven't got my recognition which I think I deserve. I'm a performer with an aim to perform well,\" he says.Interestingly, this performer never checks the monitor after a shot. Why? \"Because a film is a director's medium. It's his call whether a shot is okay or not. Bhalor toh kono sesh nei . The more I see the monitor, the more I'll want to rectify a shot,\" he explains.Now we know why he's the boss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11749563", "title": "US Malayalis on church buying spree", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala's Syro-Malabar Church, the world's second largest oriental Catholic Church, is busy buying property in the US and building its own churches. With its congregation growing in recent years, the Church is keen to have its own shrines.\"Though we had formed communities in all these places years ago, the Church started owning independent churches only now. We need to cater to a wider congregation, and that's why the Church is buying and building independent parish churches,\" Fr G Madathiparambil, ex-vicar general of St Thomas Syro-Malabar diocese of Chicago who has established many churches, said.During his 10-year tenure, Fr Madathiparambil was instrumental in establishing many new churches.To date, the denomination owns 22 churches in the US, including St Jeremiah Church in Framingham which it bought from the archdiocese of Boston last October for $2 million. Its piece de resistance, however, will be a $9 million cathedral currently under construction in Chicago. Most of these churches are designed in the Kerala style and have services in both English and Malayalam. Apart from holy mass every Sunday, most churches conduct catechism classes, retreats and baptisms.Though the first church was bought in 1992, most of the expansion has happened only in recent years. While mostly unused Jewish temples and Protestant churches have been bought out, where this is not possible, land is bought and new churches built. Most of these churches are located in areas where Malayalis with roots in places like Pala, Kanjirappally and Kottayam have settled down.The money for buying property and constructing churches is raised through bank loans and contributions from parishioners. The running expense is quite high. \"In some parts of America, we share our services with other churches to avoid the huge maintenance expenses, but in some places it is more convenient to buy or construct a new church,\" says Fr Paul Thelekat, spokesperson of the Syro-Malabar Church.Next on the Syro-Malabar Church's list is a parish church in New Jersey. In fact, the land has already been bought for $1 million. About $2 million would be spent on the construction. The church is also setting its sights on places like Arizona and Washington DC .All roads lead to RomeThe Syro-Malabar Church's expansion is not confined to the US. It has built a church in Qatar which has been off-limits for non-Islamic religions for centuries. But what takes the wafer is the $20 million (Rs 100 crore) church it is planning at the very heart of Christendom-Rome. The church is planning to buy a property there which can be used for ecclesiastical and residential purposes. According to sources, when a top delegation of the church visited Rome a couple of months ago, they identified a 12-room building which suits it needs. \"It is too early to say anything,\" Major Archbishop and cardinal designate Mar George Alencherry told TOI. Currently, the church has a priest in Italy to coordinate matters, but the Rome diocese and the Italian episcopal conference are still to grant permission for a permanent church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11749528", "title": "Opposition parties are cheating Muslims: SP", "text": "BAHRAICH: Samajwadi Party leader Abu Ahmad Azmi said the recommendations of Sachar and Rangnath committees have not been implemented so far due to which the development of Muslim community is affected.He alleged that the Congress government is cheating the Muslims while the BSP and BJP show no concern towards the development of the community.Azmi was addressing public meetings at Bhaggadwa Bazaar and Nanpara in support of the SP candidate on Friday.Azmi said north Indians are being harassed by Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and no efforts are being made to curb these incidents by the Congress which is in power in Maharashtra.He said BJP is trying to divide the Muslim votes by giving the money to the Peace Party in UP.The SP leader assured to provide the rights and the respect to all Muslims if his party forms the government in Uttar Pradesh.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747645", "title": "Congress raps Mani Shankar Aiyar for talking to Hafiz Saeed on TV show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress frowned upon Rajya Sabha MP Mani Shankar Aiyar for appearing on a television show with 26/11 main accused and Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed, advising that situations where leaders have to interact with enemies of the country are best avoided.Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said, \"Propriety requires that such situation be avoided. I am sure Aiyar was not endorsing his actions but one should avoid public interaction with a man who is involved in actions against humanity and India.\"The public disapproval was Congress's way of indicating that it did not appreciate the articulate parliamentarian \"interacting\" on a chat show in Pakistan with Saeed, who also heads Jamaat-ud-Dawa - LeT's overtly religious wing -- and is the motivating force behind anti-India elements across the border.Although Aiyar took on Saeed, saying the Lashkar chief should be arrested and produced before a terrorism court, the very appearance in the show rankled the MP's party.Singhvi's comments came a day after Aiyar appeared on the TV show in which the host suddenly introduced Saeed through a phone link while the MP was in the studio in Islamabad with another panelist.India has consistently asked Pakistan to arrest Saeed and put him on trial for his alleged role in the 26/11 attacks on Mumbai. Objecting to his freedom to roam around the country and indulge in anti-India rhetoric, New Delhi has also asked Islamabad to restrain him. To beef up its case, India has given Pakistan a detailed dossier on his involvement not only in the Mumbai attacks but also in many other terror attacks in the Indian mainland carried out by LeT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748776", "title": "Chennai doctors see diabetes-cancer link", "text": "CHENNAI: Prevention of diabetes will reduce the risk of cancer, say experts. For long, diabetes has associated with complications such as vision loss, kidney problems, heart attack and stroke. But oncologists and diabetologists are now quoting scientific data to show how increased sugar levels in blood can put people at risk of cancer.Clinical studies on the association between two diseases is yet to begin in city, but doctors quote studies done abroad to say the benefits from preventing diabetes extend to reduction of risk of pancreatic, stomach, colon, rectal and liver cancer. Data from the diabetes registry of the city-based Mohan's Diabetes Centre shows that women are at higher risk when compared to men. Of the 580 diabetics with cancer 242 had breast cancer, 67 had cancer of the uterus, and 34 had prostate cancer. Researchers from the United States National Cancer Institute collected lifestyle and health data from five lakh people in the 50-71 age group and followed patients for 11 years. They found that having diabetes was associated with 11% increased risk of dying from cancer among women and 17% among men.As of now there are no recommendations in India to screen diabetics for cancer, but oncologists say having diabetes certainly increases risk of death in cancer patients when compared to those with normal blood sugar. Diabetics may have lower tolerance for cancer treatments such as chemotherapy and steroid drugs. \"The infection rates are higher and the healing process is slower in people with diabetes. We certainly put them at a higher risk scale,\" said oncologist Dr Ramesh B V Nimmagadda of Apollo Hospitals.Cancer specialists say both diabetes and hypertension have common risk factors such as obesity, insulin resistance and high cholesterol levels. Both diabetes and cancer are seeing rampant increase in all urban and rural areas. The incidence of diabetes, according to studies by Madras Diabetes Research Foundation, is nearly 18% in Chennai city and cancer 275 in 100,000 as per the Madras Metropolitian Tumour registry. One in every eight persons in Chennai is at risk of getting cancer.Diabetologist Dr V Mohan, who heads the Madras Diabetes Research Foundation said analysis done by scientists have shown that even pre-diabetes shares a risk factor with breast, pancreatic and colorectal cancer. In some cases, use of anti-diabetic drugs has also been associated as risks for cancer. Countries like France and Germany have banned the use of pioglitazone for treatment of diabetes as it is associated with bladder cancer. The US has issued a warning against the drug. \"People with diabetes often have urinary tract infection due to sugar retention in the bladder. This also increases risk of cancer,\" said Dr Mohan.The link between diabetes and cancer, doctors admit, is extremely complex. Some of the strongest findings relating to diabetes and cancer risk relate to colorectal cancer, but - as in other cancers - there are no clear answers.Diabetologist Dr A Ramachandran said to test this hypothesis, he has planned a detailed study in Chennai. \"We need to find out how many Indians diabetics are susceptible and to what kind of cancer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749637", "title": "Cancer awareness drive in city today", "text": "PATNA: The Mahavir Cancer Institute and Research Centre (MCIRC) will launch a cancer awareness drive in the state on the occasion of World Cancer Day being observed on Saturday across the world. A team of specialists would create awareness among semi-literate and illiterate people about cancer, said MCIRC director Dr Jitendra Kumar Singh.According to Dr Singh, out of 30 lakh cancer patients across the country, Bihar accounts for more than 2.5 lakh patients. About 10 lakh cancer patients are being detected each year in the country of which seven lakh die due to ignorance or late detection of the disease, he said, adding about 26,000 new cancer patients are detected in Bihar alone every year. Dr Singh said all efforts should be made to check sudden spurt in the number of cancer patients in the state by generating awareness about the disease. The disease could be checked if the state government co-operates with the MCIRC in its endeavour to fight the disease. Cancer is likely to be the most challenging disease in the years to come, he said, adding about 1,000 patients are reaching the institute daily.Underlining the need of regular check-up of men and women above 45 years, the MCIRC director said cancer patients from rural areas often reach hospital in an advanced stage of the disease. The treatment of the disease at an advanced stage could only prolong the life of a cancer patient by a few years. But if the disease is detected at an early stage and treated in time, it can be fully cured, he said. Dr Singh said the developed countries have already achieved a high-level control over cancer due to proper awareness among people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752951", "title": "Midweek ladies\u2019 night at a popular Chennai hotspot", "text": "Chennai loves to party and how!This midweek ladies' night at a popular hotspot in the city saw a packed house, where the ladies got to be pampered with free drinks and songs of their choice. And these ladies came dressed in their evening best as well. We spotted a lot of the city's hip crowd making the most of the evening. And, as usual, we spotted many groups of men at the lounge too, where they were trying their best to win the attention of these ladies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11755827", "title": "3 held in Buddha Colony loot case", "text": "PATNA: Patna Police on Saturday arrested three persons, including a notorious gangster, in connection with a case of loot at the house of Dr Radhika Raman Singh of NMCH under the Buddha Colony police station on January 21.Three armed criminals had barged into Dr Singh's house, Kamlayan, on January 21 evening and looted two cellphones, one transistor, two watches besides Rs 15,000 in cash. The criminals had also assaulted Dr Singh's father with pistol butt when he resisted them.Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar said that a special police team comprising City SP Kim and DSP (law &amp; order) LM Sharma was constituted to arrest the criminals. He said that a looted cellphone was recovered from the rented house of one Rajkumar Sharma, a resident of Dujra under Buddha Colony police station. The SSP said that Rajkumar Sharma told the police that he received the cellphone from one Vishwakarma Choudhary.He said when the special police team nabbed Choudhary, the latter said that he was given the cellphone by one Sonu Kumar, a resident of Medical Lane, Dujra. The trio confessed their involvement in the crime and the three cellphones, including that of a carpenter who was working at Dr Singh's house, were recovered. Raids were on to arrest two persons who assisted Sonu in committing the crime.The SSP said that Sonu was a hardened criminal and had been jailed in several cases of dacoity, loot and attempt to murder in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "i had a truly inspirational english teacher in the xth standard - only it was called fifth form then. this was an english gentleman called mortimer who had come on some sort of exchange programme (possibly organized by the bbc). he really opened our eyes to so many wonderful things. for instance, i would never have known, but for him, of a wonderful english pronouncing dictionary by daniel jones . he taught us the english language breathed and lived, and dispelled many common misconceptions in the understanding of the language. for instance, as to how many 'l's there were in the word full - 'hear the symmetry of the spelling", "code": "11750154", "title": "Imply versus Infer", "text": "I had a truly inspirational English teacher in the Xth standard - only it was called Fifth Form then. This was an English gentleman called Mortimer who had come on some sort of exchange programme (possibly organized by the BBC). He really opened our eyes to so many wonderful things. For instance, I would never have known, but for him, of a wonderful English Pronouncing Dictionary by Daniel Jones . He taught us the English language breathed and lived, and dispelled many common misconceptions in the understanding of the language. For instance, as to how many 'l's there were in the word full - 'hear the symmetry of the spelling: f-u-l-f-i-l' ; the difference between continuously and continually' ; or the distinction between imply and infer - whose manifestations, in the context of the issues treated in this column, will be the subject of today's piece.The fact that I go around in a wheel-chair implies that there is some reason why I need to use this form of motion. It does not imply that I fell down and broke a leg; if you concluded that, you would be guilty of making an incorrect and unjustified inference from the facts presented to you. This kind of making uncalled-for inferences by insensitive people is one of the leading causes of a majority of the woes of people who happen to be different in some way. Here are instances of what I mean.Consider this scenario: Someone is quite ill. Doctors keep coming inperiodically and then walk away stern-faced . The patient is lying in bed with eyes closed and maybe even a tube inserted through his nose. The overall scene is not a very happy one, and implies that the patient is not very well. However it does not imply that he is unconscious or incapable of hearing what is being said in the room. Yet how many times have you not seen people inferring such an unwarranted conclusion and talking mournfully in hearing distance of the patient as if he is already dead?Often, when schoolteachers/governesses get annoyed with a student/child, and want to give their ward a piece of their mind, they want to make sure that each of their unpalatable words is heard and understood. And when the child does not keep making eye contact with the person giving a piece of her/his mind, that does not imply that the ward is not interested or is 'disobeying' the senior person. There is a telling piece in a book written by an autistic woman as she explains that making eye contact is something autistic people have a very hard time doing, and how she feared her governess who used to demand 'Look at me when I talk to you' .Then there is the video I saw on YouTube about an autistic girl, who had not spoken a word till she was in her teens, who through a fortuitous set of circumstances discovered she could communicate with people by typing things out on a computer. And she talks about how everybody inferred , wrongly, from her not speaking, that she could not understand what was being said about her in her presence, and laments her frustration at not being able to tell people to shut up and to be more sensitive. Or take the case of Christy Brown who had cerebral palsy and was considered mentally disabled. In his autobiography My Left Foot (also a film), he relates in detail that profound moment when, at age five, he inexplicably grabbed a piece of chalk from his sisters hand with his left foot and, with great difficulty traced the letter A on a piece of slate. For the first time, his family knew for sure that his intellect was intact . For the first time, he could start to communicate with them. His mother taught him to write using a typewriter with his toes. He went on to write a number of books and poetry, winning many prizes.(Incidentally, the entire previous paragraph is reproduced almost verbatim from a heartwarming collection of short blurbs on 45 Disabled People who Made a Difference which, along with many equally inspirational pieces can be found in the wonderful website maintained by a Dr Satendra Singh, called http:// infiniteability .yolasite.com)Finally, just to show that we Indians do not have the copyright on insensitivity, let me concude with a classic instance when I was the victim of wrong inferences being drawn.I have a condition known as multiple sclerosis . Two of the ways this manifests itself are a noticeable instability and an occasional slurring of speech, both of which tend to get exaggerated when I am tired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749323", "title": "Love affair pushed MBBS student to end her life", "text": "BHOPAL: A fortnight after the suicide of the second year MBBS student Pranaya Gupta, 22, at Gandhi Medical College (GMC) here, the Koh-e-Fiza police have registered a case against a second year GMC student, for provoking her into taking the extreme step.The police said that Pranaya's body was found hanging inside her hostel room at the GMC campus on January 21. She had left a suicide note mentioning a boy named Ravi Pratap Singh Tomar, with whom she was reportedly having an affair.A police team was recently sent to her home town, Manawar, to record the statement of her family. The police officials said her family members confirmed that Pranaya was very disturbed because of the person mentioned in the suicide note.Subsequently, a case under section 306 of the IPC (abetment of suicide) was registered against Tomar, a native of Gwalior. The police said that the accused went missing from the GMC soon after the incident. A team would now be sent to Gwalior to look for him.The town inspector at Koh-e-Fiza police station, R S Raghuvanshi said, \"Tomar used to claim to fellow students that he was related to a senior BJP leader. But so far. it has only been ascertained that one of his brothers is a medical student at Rewa Medical College. A police team would now be sent to Gwalior to arrest him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748502", "title": "Water cut today in Dwarka area", "text": "NASHIK: The new water pipeline suppliying water from the Panchavati water purification centre to the Dwarka water tank has been laid out. This was done after making a crossing at National Highway 3, on account on account of the road widening project.The old water pipeline will be disconnected on Saturday.As a result water will not be supplied on Saturday evening on Saturday to the following neighborhoods in the following Dwarka areas: Manekshawnagar, Vanraj society, Shankarnagar, Bankar mala, Mhasobawadi, Gathane Maharaj area, Shreeram Kunj/Sheetal society and Dhanraj society.Officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation has has appealed to citizens to take note of the situation and cooperate with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11754024", "title": "Mobile tariff hike looks imminent: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Supreme Court's cancelling 122 new telecom licences, India may see the end of low tariff regime that made call rates in the country among the lowest in the world, say experts.The apex court's move will provide opportunity to the old players to improve margins by hiking rates as the competition reduces in the sector.\"With the number of operators likely to reduce, incumbent operators will be in a better position to hike tariffs,\" Crisil Research said in a statement today.The new entrants, who replace the holders of licences that have been cancelled yesterday by the court in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case, will have to get radio waves through auctions that will push up their costs and lead to high tariffs.\"Operators who acquire licences under the new process are likely to raise tariffs to cover the higher licence fees. Consequently, telecom tariffs will increase significantly, resulting in improved profitability for the current operators,\" Crisil said.Gartner sees cancellation of licences as opportunity for incumbent players to recover investment they have made in 3G spectrum and other infrastructure.\"On normal course, we expect tariff to go up by 20 per cent. Given the pressure on margins of some of incumbent players, there can be increase in telecom tariffs by them to recover investment they have made in 3G and BWA airwaves auction,\" Research Director at Gartner Kamlesh Bhatia said.Telecom Tariffs will move towards rationalisation, which will be reflective of actual costs and not artificial pricing driven by intense competition.New Telecom operator Uninor, which offers calls at as low as 2 paisa per minute and whose license will be impacted by the Supreme Court judgement, said that customers in Delhi are paying 60 per cent higher traiffs than those in Mumbai for the same services.\"Perhaps it is no coincidence that the last operator in Delhi came three years ago and none of the new GSM operators are present in this market,\" Uninor spokesperson said.Licences of another low tariff provider Sistema Shyam Teleservices is also cancelled, which provides half-paisa per second under the special scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749641", "title": "Modern lifestyle adding to cancer incidence", "text": "NAGPUR: As the world celebrates International Cancer Day on Saturday, several statistics point to the extent to which the disease has spread its tentacles. Despite dismal projections, the World Health Organisation has chosen 'Together, it is possible', as theme for this year's cancer awareness programmes with a view to reduce growing burden of the disease.The projections say number of people affected by cancer would double by 2030. However, the WHO aims to reduce the incidence by 25% 2025. City oncologists believe that though the number of people affected by some kind of malignancy is progressively increasing, with collective efforts it may be possible to bring the number down.Dr K Kamble, professor and head of the radiotherapy and oncology department of the Government Medical College and Hospital, attributed the rising numbers to increased longevity and westernized lifestyle. \"Changing food culture has resulted in consumption of more salt and other preservatives and even many chemicals. Exposure to carcinogens like tobacco is at a much earlier age. Women are under more stress than ever before with dual responsibilities of home and career,\" he reasoned. He believed that the city had many skilled specialists to treat the disease but there is an absence of a common approach among them.\"The projections by Indian Council of Medical Research suggest that by 2020, India will have 20% increase in cancer cases. While most of us would be scared by such reports, we tend to forget that the disease can also be prevented to a large extent since causative agents for most varieties are known,\" said Dr Shantanu Chaudhari, director of RST regional cancer centre. He said cancer was no longer a disease of the rich; there is hardly any rich-poor divide in its victims. \"The 'good lifestyle' that most rural people had until even a decade back has now given way to a modern lifestyle resulting in obesity , stress, tobacco and consuming pesticides along with food-all of that increasing the chance of being affected by cancer,\" he reasoned.Awareness is as good as prevention, believes Dr Suchitra Mehta of Central India Institute of Cancer Research. \"Many forms of the disease have genetic causes and so are not preventable. Better awareness means early detection. Most patients in the US reach oncologists even in stage 0 whereas we get them when they have already reached a dangerous stage,\" she said suggesting that some inexpensive tests done once a year could help detect it at a stage when it is still curable.Cancer spread in Nagpur:* The city tops Maharashtra in terms of the percentage of population affected* In India Nagpur is third in the number of women having breast cancer , after Mumbai and New Delhi.* Nagpur women are the third urban group with highest number of oesophagus cancer incidence* City ranks second in the country in the number of men affected by tongue cancerEvents of the day:* RST Regional Cancer Hospital along with Cancer Relief Society will be organizing various cancer awareness programmes at Dada Vikomal Shroff Hall starting at 10.30 am* Government Dental College would organize a felicitation ceremony to honour cancer survivors in the premises of the hospital at 3 pm. Harshvardhan Kadukar, who has been battling the disease since a decade, would be sharing his experiences* Sadhana Trust, an NGO working for cancer survivors, has organized a cultural event with cancer patients and survivors as participants at SCZCC from 6.30 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749383", "title": "Reimbursement rates revised for medical tests", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has revised the rates of reimbursement for medical tests and treatment of government employees and their family members and other patients under the Rajya Beemari Sahayata Yojna, Mukhyamantri Sahayata Yojna and Mukhyamantri Bal Hriday Upchar Yojna at government and recognised medical institutions, a release stated on Friday.As per the revised rates, Rs 8, 500 will be reimbursed for angiography including coronary carotid, renal, artogram peripheral, Rs 50,000 for coronary angioplasty without stent, Rs 72, 000 for coronary angioplasty (non-drug eluting), Rs 25, 000 for second stent and Rs 1 lakh for coronary bypass surgery (including coronary angiography). Again, Rs 80, 000 will be reimbursed for ASD surgical or device closure, Rs 90, 000 for VSD closure surgical or device closure, Rs 1 lakh for complex congenital heart diseases, Rs 1.30 lakh for single valve replacement, Rs 1.65 lakh for double valve replacement, Rs 1.40 lakh for CABGS with one valve replacement, Rs 1.50 lakh CABGS with double valve replacement, Rs 1 lakh for valve repair with prosthetic ring and Rs 85,000 for open pulmonary valvulotomy, the release stated.The government has fixed Rs 10, 000 for electrophysiological study, Rs 25,000 for radio frequency ablation, Rs 10, 000 for acute myocardial infraction, Rs 25, 000 for PDA surgical ligation, Rs 65, 000 for PDA device closure, Rs 25, 000 each for balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty and pericardicentesis, Rs 12, 000 for percadiostomy, Rs 36, 000 for percardiactomy, Rs 30, 000 for coaractation surgical repair without graft, Rs 38, 000 for coarctation surgical repair with graft, Rs 25, 000 for systemic pulmonary shunt with or without graft and the revised rate for has been fixed as Rs 55, 000 for pacemaker implantation.Besides, the revised rates for ECG has been fixed at Rs 100, Rs 6,500 for exercise thallium, Rs 3,500 MRI scan, Rs 16, 000, Rs 3,000 CT scan head, CT scan of other parts of body and the revised rate for renal transplantation has been fixed as Rs 1.50 lakh, the releases added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750301", "title": "Friday prayers pass off in peace", "text": "HYDERABAD: While benign undercurrents of communal tension allegedly instigated by Mangalhat TDP corporator Raja Singh were felt last Friday in the Charminar area, a week later the Old City remained peaceful. The incident, it seemed, was forgotten. Bandobust at Charminar, the epicentre of last week's disturbance, was regular. Residents who were anticipating trouble breathed a sigh of relief even as Muslim organisations and individuals geared up to celebrate Milad-un Nabi with much fanfare.The city on the other side of the Musi on Friday wore a festive look with mosques and dargahs brightly lit. Toghras (banners displaying verses of the Quran) stretched from pole to pole and naats (songs in praise of the Muhammad) and sermons on the sirat (the life of Prophet Muhammad) played out from loudspeakers.Lauding the permeating spirit of pluralism in the city, Ahmed Farooq, a cloth merchant from Patel Market said, \"It's a good thing that there has been no communal violence even during this sensitive time. The celebrations of Prophet Mohammad's birth anniversary have been planned on a grander scale this year.\" Muslims and organisers of rallies and sermons said that the police directive to exercise restraint hasn't impacted the celebrations because peaceful festivities including installing small-scale models of the gumbad-e-khizra (dome atop Prophet Muhammad's shrine) and the Kaba at various places are being planned. According to them, Milad-un Nabi is the only time when Muslims celebrate with pomp and show. However, schisms on the installing the models are evident as scholars are divided on the issue.On allowing religious imagery to be put up, DCP (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha said, \"We have allowed putting up flags and buntings from February 2. However, we still maintain that people exercise restraint during festivities.\"He said that instructions to take off flags and buntings on the next day of Milad-un Nabi have been. Also, exercising restraint is not just meant for Muslims and their festivals but also for adherents of different faiths, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748216", "title": "IT firm lodges complaint of Rs 10L bank fraud", "text": "GURGAON: The city police registered a case of fraud against unknown persons after an IT firm lodged a complaint that Rs 10 lakh was fraudulently transferred from its account to a nationalized bank account in Bareli, Uttar Pradesh, on January 31.Amit Kumar Sondhi, manager of Nagarro Software Pvt. Ltd located in Electronic City, Sector 18, lodged a complaint with the Udyog Vihar police station. In his complaint, Sondhi alleged that some unknown persons had fraudulently transferred Rs 10, 18,000 from the company's ICICI Bank account.\"The money has been transferred to an account of a nationalized bank in Bareli on January 31,\" said an investigator. On Sondhi's complaint, the Udyog Vihar police have registered an FIR under sections 420, 467, 468, 471 of the IPC and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749889", "title": "Opinion poll: SP is likely to emerge as single-largest party in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: An opinion poll conducted for a TV channel points to the Samajwadi Party (SP) emerging as the single largest with a projected 135 seats in Uttar Pradesh, while Congress makes impressive gains winning 99 seats along with partner Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD).Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) is likely to lose power, being reduced to 101 seats, while BJP finishes a poor fourth with 61 seats.According to the STAR News opinion poll, conducted by AC Nielsen, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's intensive campaigning might be paying off with the party projected to win 79 seats, while Ajit Singh's RLD likely to net 20. This would be a major boost for the Congress as it will give it the role of a king-maker with crucial leverage in a prospective SP-led government.While Mulayam Singh's SP is widely expected to win the most number of seats, it will be well short of the majority mark in the 403-member assembly, according to the poll. BSP's strength will be more than halved to 101 from its 2007's figure of 206.Congress's move to ally with Singh seems to be paying, according to the survey estimates, as the alliance could get 99 seats and, importantly, reduce BJP to the fourth spot. Congress alone is seen to get 18%, but Congress-RLD in alliance is projected to bag 21% of vote-share. The opinion poll indicates Congress is gaining in a big way from the 22 seats it held.SP is up to135 seats - a gain from their 2007 tally of 97. The survey says BJP is finishing with 61, merely 10 seats up from their 2007 tally. RLD's 20 seats are up from 12 in 2007.BSP is predicted to get only 23% from its 30.43% in the last assembly polls. SP's vote-share is 26% - a marginal gain from 25.43% in 2007. The BJP is getting only 18% of votes.The poll was conducted in 202 assembly constituencies, and 35,973 respondents took part in the survey.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749268", "title": "Collectorate employee caught for 500 bribe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State anti-corruption bureau (ACB) arrested Dashrath Patel, former talati-cum-mantri and a collector office employee, for accepting Rs 500 bribe on Friday. Patel had asked Asif Yakub Vadnagarwala, a resident of Jamalpur, for the bribe to provide no objection certificate (NOC) to transfer property in communally sensitive area.ACB Officials said that they arrested Patel and his assistant Pravin Dhanani, a resident of Bapunagar, for accepting the bribe from him in presence of witnesses. tnn\"In his complaint, he mentioned that he owns property of survey number 38/29 in the area and wanted to sell it off. However, due to the rules preventing the owner to sell property in communally sensitive without permission of district collector, the process was stalled for last one month. Patel, who was to move the papers ahead, asked him to grease his palms. Thus, we got the complaint and set up a trap,\" said an ACB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748109", "title": "Jumbo comes in to track big cat", "text": "LUCKNOW: The forest department finally puts an elephant to tiger tracking job in Kakori. An elephant from Dudhwa has been brought to help in searching the tiger in the area. The tiger-tracking operation has gained momentum with the change of guards at the forest department. Mohammad Ehsan, the new chief wildlife warden (CWW), visited Kakori area, with several other forest officers, in tow, on Thursday. \"He has given a week's time to the forest and WTI team to track the tiger,\" said sources. The forest officers and WTI team had been camping in the area for the last 20 days or so, without any breakthrough in the tiger-tracking operation.On the contrary, the funny incidents taking place in the area, like stray dogs getting trapped in the enclosures set up for the tiger (two more stray dogs were trapped on Wednesday), were only exposing the incompetent side of the department. Meanwhile, the feline has retreated back to the CISH campus. The pugmarks found along Behta Nullah in the area indicate so. The combing in the area also found hooves of the blue bull, showing that the tiger had made a kill, while its stay near the CISH campus.The carcass, on the other hand, might have been devoured by hyena, plentiful of which are there in the area. However, the tiger is still to be spotted. \"The search operation might intensify after this,\" said Rahul Shukla , vice-chairman, Tiger Terrain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11750576", "title": "It\u2019s time to party after jiving to the top slot", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of nine students had a blast partying after they won first prize in 'Tera Taali' Rajasthani folk dance competition at the youth festival in Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town. Interestingly, only 5 of them knew how to dance and the rest all were freshers. Of these, 2 students were from the music department whereas the rest were from commerce, BSC and MSC departments. All of these students practiced the folk dance for about more than 10 hours for three months just to reach this perfection point.Resident of Civil Lines, Charu Chawla said all of them were waiting for the moment when they will go to the stage to receive the prize. Resident of Model Town, Komalpreet Kaur said all of them had practiced hard because they knew that competition at the youth festival will be tough.Resident of Samrala Chowk, Priyanka Sharma said receiving the prize in front of the whole college was a matter of pride for all the dance members. Rich Tewari of South City said for three months, they had forgotten the world because they used to start practice at 9am and end it at 7pm. Resident of Jamalpur, Avneet Kaur said all of them had decided that after receiving the award, they will celebrate it together. Sandeep Kaur of Gill Road said what could be better than getting a prize in front of their teachers and principal.Resident of Gill Chowk, Tanya Thakur said it was difficult to concentrate on studies because in the evening, all of them used to get tired. However still, she stood up for studies and got third position in the college. Resident of Durgapuri, Neha Bhatia said learning the skills of 'Tera Taali' was not easy as no one in the group had ever seen the dance. Initially, they checked it through the internet and practiced it with the help of their teacher. Resident of Gurpal Nagar, Pratibha Sharma said after this large round of applause, she truly feels that hard work pays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750659", "title": "Acharya was mute when Emaar looted state: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposing the bail petition filed by arrested IAS officer B P Acharya in the Emaar scam, the CBI contended that the former VC and MD of APIIC sat in silence even as Dubai-based Emaar Properties, through its clandestine partners like MGF and Stylish Homes, exploited 550 acres of government land in Manikonda of Hyderabad. The Emaar Properties generated Rs 343 crore revenue by developing and selling villas and apartments on the land, and diverted almost all of it without giving the state its due share, it told the court.\"As MD of APIIC, his job was to protect the interests of the state. He failed in doing so intentionally in furtherance of a criminal conspiracy he entered into with Emaar and its multiple partners,\" the counter filed by the CBI in the special court on Friday said. Acharya was arrested for his role in the Emaar scam on January 30 and is currently in judicial custody.CBI DSP S C Jiyani said in the counter that even when the private players were taking several decisions detrimental to the interests of APIIC, Acharya, despite being present at such decisive meetings, did not object to them and as a result of his complacency, the stakes of the state had fallen drastically and it drew a blank financially though the private players made hundreds of crores of rupees in the deal.The CBI also contended that Acharya allowed Emaar-MGF to take away 17 acres of land for a 99-year-long lease for constructing a Boutique Resort Hotel and that he did not protect the interests of the state here too. Similarly, another 235 acres was given away on a long lease of 66 years to MGF and Acharya did not bother to get it approved by APIIC although it is mandatory to get the APIIC nod as per the shareholders agreement executed between APIIC and Boulder Hills Pvt Ltd, the special purpose vehicle formed for developing golf course facility, the counter said.Acharya was a party to the decision that caused loss to the state even in the income that was supposed to come through the membership fee of the golf course, Jiyani said. Though all the money generated should first be accounted in the books of the joint venture company EHTPL that was floated both by APIIC and the Emaar, the private players never did that and Acharya, despite knowing all this and despite being physically present in several such meets, never objected to them nor did he bring the same to the notice of the state, the CBI officer said.Entry of third parties is prohibited under the collaboration agreement, but the show was run by third parties like MGF and Stylish Homes after bringing them in into the picture unofficially. Acharya knew this and preferred to keep quiet with an intention to cheat the state, the CBI counter noted. Not only this, the top brass of MGF retained several villas for themselves and showed on books that they had sold 18 villas to 10 companies that never existed. It was found out later that the employees of MGF were shown as owners of such fictitious companies by the MGF bosses, the CBI counter said.Though all these wrongdoings were brought to the notice of Acharya by an internal committee of the APIIC, he sat on the committee's report till his exit from the APIIC on December 24, 2009, the CBI DSP said in the counter and urged the court not to give Acharya bail at this stage as they feared he may dissuade witnesses from deposing the truth if he is let out on bail now. The judge posted the case for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748686", "title": "PCI teams to check bids to muzzle press", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India (PCI) chairperson Justice Markandey Katju on Friday said that fact- finding teams would be send to ascertain the ground situation in states from where complaints related to violation of freedom of the press are coming.\"Since I feel that this freedom is under threat in many states I intend to send fact-finding teams to some of the states from where we are getting a large number of such complaints,\" Katju said.\"I have sought the opinion of the members of the Press Council in this connection,\" he said in a statement.PCI chief listed physical assaults on journalists or media establishments by various government agencies and organizations, withholding advertisements of news papers which were critical of the government and other methods like threats being employed to silence media.\"I have already issued strong letters to the Chief Ministers of J&K;, Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh in this connection,\" he wrote.Katju said that he had also sent a letter to West Bengal chief minister objecting to the new rules regarding accreditation of journalists, some of which are likely to adversely affect the freedom of press.Katju said that the Freedom of Speech and Expression was a guaranteed right under Article 19(1) (a) of the Constitution. \"Under Section 13(1) of the Press Council Act, 1978, it is the duty of the Press Council to preserve the freedom of the Press,\" he said.\"I have been receiving reports from several quarters in several states that the freedom of the Press is in various ways being imperiled,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749433", "title": "EC members object to teacher\u2019s confirmation", "text": "BHOPAL: A few members of Barkatullah University executive council (EC) have raised a red flag to the confirmation of a teacher of the physics department of the university to the post of reader despite a pending case against her.The members have objected to the confirmation of Dr Sadhna Singh on the grounds that the case has been pending against her with the State Bureau of Investigation of Economic Offences (formerly EOW). Dr Singh had gone to Barkatullah University on deputation from Madhya Pradesh Bhoj University (MPBOU) in 2007, where she was serving as the director.When contacted, EOW SP Arvind Saxena confirmed that a case is pending against Dr Singh. \"We sought permission to prosecute four personnel, including Dr Sadhna Singh of Bhoj university. Except Sadhna Singh, we have received a green signal to prosecute three others. However, we are awaiting the law department's nod to prosecute Dr Singh,\" Saxena said.In 2006, the case was registered against Dr Singh when she was a member on the building and purchasing committee in Bhoj University. \"The committee members, including Dr Singh, were charged with sanctioning construction of a building to a Delhi-based contractor by ignoring rules,\" Saxena told TOI.Objecting to Dr Singh's confirmation, EC members said that university authorities should have waited until she gets a clean chit in the case. \"Her confirmation would set a wrong precedent in the university,\" EC member Amit Sharma said. Now, services of anyone can be merged in the university citing Dr Singh's example, which is wrong. I walked out of the meeting on the issue. Later, I got to know that Dr Singh was confirmed. It was a wrong decision.\"TOI is in possession of a copy of the minutes of the EC that had ratified Dr Singh's confirmation as reader in the BU. The point number 12/1/18 states that the EOW sought permission from the EC to prosecute Dr Singh. However, before giving its nod, it was decided to give an opportunity to Dr Singh to present her version.The EC approved the confirmation of Dr Singh in the point number 12/1/22 of the meeting from which four EC members had walked out accusing university vice-chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey of autocratic behaviour. Attempts to contact the VC proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11749043", "title": "Open clinic for patients", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Chapter of Haemophilic Federation of India is organizing a one-day open clinic for patients with haemophilia ( PWHs) at Community Centre in Sector 15-D on February 5 for the effective treatment and management of the congenital disorder. Chandigarh municipal corporation mayor Raj Bala Malik will inaugurate the clinic. Nearly 450 patients from Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana and Jammu &amp; Kashmir are likely to attend the open clinic Finance secretary of the society, Dr Maghar Singh said the patients would also be given physiotherapy for the treatment of stiff joints. Vaccination of Hepatitis-B would be provided to all the patients besides administering the required doses of factor VIII or IX, free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11749231", "title": "Fair price shop owners call off their agitation", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat Fair Price License Holders' Association on Friday called off the strike following assurances from senior BJP leaders.Prahlad Modi, chief minister Narendra Modi's brother, said that the decision was taken after a meeting of senior BJP leaders, including state BJP general secretary Vijay Rupani, Rajkot city president Dhansukh Bhanderi and Junagadh MLA Mahendra Mashru.Prahlad Modi was leading the fair price shop owners' strike. He said that during the meeting, the three leaders assured that they will talk to the government and will help the association to work out an amicable solution to their demands.Earlier in the day, state government told representatives of the association that there cannot be any negotiation with them till they call off their agitation, which began on February 1. Association representatives met state civil supplies minister Narottam Patel, who, toughening his stance, said, \"The strike is against modernization of the public distribution system (PDS), which cannot be allowed.\" A senior state official later told TOI that the strikers are against online monitoring of PDS, begun through the new transparency portal http://dcs-dof.gujarat.gov.in this Wednesday.Prahlad Modi, when contacted, said the strike was not called off as several fair price traders were returning back to work. He said the strike was total till Friday.When contacted, Rupani said, \"We had meet the fair price owners from Saurashtra and after talks they agreed to call off the strike in Saurashtra,\" he said. About the assurances, he said the leaders had not given assurances over the online monitoring.The online monitoring portal ascertains how many shop owners have taken the goods they are entitled to take and how many of them have not. What the strikers are afraid of is the decision of the state government to link the portal with the computerized distribution of goods through bar-coded ration cards. Once this is operational, it would be possible to know, every day, how much of stock has been bought by card holders.The official said, \"Based on this information, we would ascertain about the amount of stock each shop owner should be entitled to each month. The strikers know this would end the long-time nexus between them and the lowest level civil supplies officials, who sit in mamlatdars' offices, issuing permits without examining the leftover stock. The extra stock with the shop owners currently finds its way to the black market. The strikers know the online permits, based on online information of the leftover stock, will soon become a reality in Gujarat. Bar-coded ration has become a reality in 207 villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747990", "title": "Food ministry moves SC to prod plan panel, 2 Cong-led govts", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an extraordinary effort at resolving policy disputes, the Union food ministry pleaded before the Supreme Court on Thursday to order the Planning Commission to release funds for reforms in Public Distribution System (PDS) and to also order the rural development ministry to provide details of how many people had been left out of PDS in the poorest of the poor category.Further, in its affidavit filed in court, the ministry accused the Congress-led governments in Haryana and Maharashtra of holding up progress in PDS reforms and continuing to provide subsidized grains to bogus beneficiaries. It asked the apex court to summon the chief secretaries of the two states to answer questions. It pleaded that the SC also get other chief secretaries to do its bidding.The affidavit was filed in the right to food case where the apex court is pursuing full computerization of PDS as one part of the reforms. The food ministry's request is unique in that it asks the court to order other arms of the central government to do its bidding.The ministry's affidavit showed its inability to get the court directions implemented from either central government ministries and institutions or the state governments.For the Planning Commission, the ministry said, \"The court directs the Planning Commission of India to provide immediate financial assistance as requested by the department of food and public distribution for computerization of PDS in the country.\"For the RD ministry, it said, \"The ministry of rural development is also directed to provide the number of such eligible persons over and above the existing beneficiaries of the (Annapurna Antyoday Yojna) at the earliest to enable department of food and public distribution to allocate foodgrains on recommendation of the Central Vigilance Commission on PDS.\"On the Congress-led government in Maharashtra, the ministry said, \"Chief secretary, government of Maharashtra, may be directed to file affidavit/appear in court to explain why proper steps have not been taken to digitize ration cards in the state.\" It said the Wadhwa committee (of the apex court) had found during a visit that \"digitization of ration cards is nothing but sham\".The ministry had scathing comments on the Haryana government as well. \"Almost two years ago, central government provided funds to the state of Haryana and UT of Chandigarh for introduction of smart cards there. However, till date, there is no progress there.\" The ministry pleaded that the apex court should ask the chief secretary of the state to file an affidavit or appear in court to explain its position.Evidently unable to get anything done through the multiple ministries involved, the food ministry asked the court to give directions to National Informatics Centre on how to start the computerization process.The ministry also pleaded that the court order all state chief secretaries to explain why they did not lift the foodgrains provided by the Centre and why they had not eliminated bogus cards in their respective states so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748784", "title": "Estranged husband ordered to pay for daughter\u2019s wedding", "text": "CHENNAI: Unable to bear her husband's continued mistreatment, J Premila,46, walked out of her matrimonial home 18 years ago. Her older daughter was four years old and she was three months pregnant with her second child at the time.Since then, she has managed to survive with her parents' help but still holds her husband - J Sekar Babu - accountable to his family. While he refused to contribute towards their elder daughter's marriage expenses in 2009, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal has now confirmed an earlier order from the first additional family court and directed him to deposit a sum of Rs 2 lakh in aid of the same.\"He had argued that since the marriage was over, he was not liable to pay the amount. But we argued that his responsibility to the family still remains,\" said advocate R Ramachandran, who represents Premila. The Chief Justice also ordered that all petitions related to the couple - some of which have been pending since 1995 - be disposed of within six months.Her husband had paid 1,000 as monthly maintenance for 10 years since 1997, and the amount was increased to 2,500 to cover three persons in 2009. \"We have filed a petition asking for an enhanced amount of 7,500 as monthly maintenance, which is pending. My husband is a bank employee and gets 22,000 as salary every month. Even if we get 5,000 every month, it will help pay my younger daughter's college fees. I put my older daughter through college with great difficulty. We took loans from different places,\" Premila said.Pointing out that she could not have managed without her parents' support, she said they were ailing. Accompanied by her sister Vijayasheela, both women were sitting near the door overlooking the leafy backyard beyond the family court.\"When they were little, my daughters spoke to him on the phone and pleaded with him to come and visit them, but he spurned them. At a hearing in court, he alleged my daughters had been tutored to tell him to stay away. Even before I could say anything, they said, 'You told us you did not want us'. How can I continue living with a man like that? People say we are better off without him. Perhaps, we are,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11749381", "title": "SMSs sent by railways to be treated as reservation slips", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For the facility of passengers, the railway administration has decided that the SMSs being sent by IRCTC/railways would now be treated at par with the electronic reservation slip (ERS) for undertaking journey on e-tickets.Director, passenger marketing, Railway Board, Monica Agnihotri has written letters to all the chief commercial managers of the zonal railways, including North Central Railway, in this regard.According to the letter, it has been decided to treat the screen shot of the e-ticket displayed through laptops/palmtops/mobile phones, referred to as virtual reservation message (VRM) and mobile reservation message (MRM) for tickets booked on mobile phones, combined with valid photo identity in original as an instrument at par with electronic reservation slip (ERS) even for tickets booked through IRCTC.It has now been decided to permit SMSs sent by IRCTC/Railways containing details as an instrument on par with the ERSs.The SMS sent by IRCTC/Railways should have all the details, including PNR number, train number, date of journey, class of travelling, originating and destination point, name of the passenger, fare and other details. Also if feasible, the SMS will accommodate the names of all passengers booked on the e-ticket, otherwise maximum number of passengers.The SMS containing all the details when displayed through laptops/palmtops/mobile phones, combined with photo-id in original shall be treated as an instrument on par with ERS.With ERS/SMS/VRM/MRM, following will be validConfirmed/RAC reservation, valid ID-proof and appearance of name of the passengers on the chart.The list of valid proofs of identity to be produced in original during the course of on-board and off-board checking include one of the following:Voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission, Passport, PAN card issued by Income Tax department, driving licence issued by RTO, photo identity card having serial number issued by central/state government, student identity dard with photograph issued by recognized schools/college, nationalized bank passbook with photograph, credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph and unique identification card Aadhaar.The SMS will also have to be displayed during the course of on-board/off board checking. If the passenger fails to produce/display the SMS due to any eventuality (loss, discharged mobile/laptop, etc) but has the prescribed proof of identity, a penalty of Rs 50 per ticket, as applicable in such cases, will be levied.The on-board ticket checking staff shall verify the details from the reservation charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747911", "title": "Grass near runway catches fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Flight operations at Mumbai airport were suspended for 11 minutes on Friday a patch of grass near the runway caught fire when crackers were being burst to scare birds away.The incident occurred around 1.30pm when \"bird scarers\" were bursting fire crackers -one of the methods used at the airport to keep birds off the flight path to scare away birds flying near the runway. \"The grass lit up and as the fire spread , the runway had to be closed for flight operations till the blaze was doused,\" said a source.Confirming the incident, a Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson said that flight operations on the lone operational runway 14-32 were suspended for 11 minutes. The main runway, 09-27, is closed for eight hours, 9am onwards, for the construction of a rapid-exit taxiway. As both the runways were closed, one arriving aircraft had to hold for landing while some flight operations were affected in the afternoon. because of the cascading effect of the closure.Sources said one flight landed and another took-off in violation of air-safety norms even though the fire had not yet been doused. \"The air traffic control should have suspended flight operations till the fire was doused,'' the source added.However, MIAL spokesperson said that flight operations were not allowed during the incident. Last year, in January in a similar accident fire broke out at the Mumbai airport near the main runway. But as it was a small fire the runway was not closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748948", "title": "Fraud visa agents in 'authorized' list, Chandigarh Police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though police claim to have tightened the noose around fraud visa agents, but some them are still listed as \"authorized consultancy agencies\" on Chandigarh Police' official website.Chandigarh Police have booked 20 agents, who were fraudulently dealing with work permit visa and have sealed their premises, but at least five of them still figure among 134 names in the list of immigration consultancy agencies registered with local police.However, senior police officials also admitted that many of the consultants have furnished wrong details to them. Though they have set a deadline for errant agents to rectify their working, but it seems that police have forgotten to remove the names of the fraud agents from their official website. \"There are still 156 other agents, many of whom have either furnished fake details or have not submitted required documents. We are giving them one-week to comply by the rules otherwise action will be taken against them,\" said Naunihal Singh, senior superintendent of police (SSP), on Thursday. WWICS in Sector 22, Sri Balaji in Sector 17, Global Visa Consultancy in Sector 8 and Visa Ways Immigration Consultants in Sector 8 are some of the names whose offices have been sealed, but their names are there on the police website.\"It they can circumvent the rules right under cop's nose then the common man can't do anything. Just go to sectors 8 or 9 and there are scores of agents claiming to provide overseas work permit,\" said Abhishek Mishra, who had applied for a work permit in Oman .Compulsory for all to furnish infoAfter highlighting major student visa fraud, which had hit the city last year, Chandigarh administration had imposed prohibitory orders under Section 144 of criminal procedure code, making it compulsory for all companies to furnish their information to the police. The motive behind this move was to prevent these agents from cheating innocent applicants. However, police records said after the imposition of these orders, 153 companies had given their information to Chandigarh police, but out of these only 17 were having valid licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748706", "title": "Arson behind godown blaze?", "text": "KOLKATA: It took 24 hours and 26 fire tenders to douse the flames at the Maheshtala warehouse that caught fire at 6pm on Thursday. The incident not only shocked the neighbourhood, but also rendered many homeless.Police said the warehouse belonged to the customs and confiscated goods were stored in it. Though the cause of the fire was not yet known, investigators have not ruled out arson.It took a 24 hour firefight to douse the flames at the Maheshtala warehouse that caught fire around 6 p.m. on Thursday, leaving the neighbourhood puzzled, tense and many homeless.Fire raged throughout Thursday night at the warehouse which was packed with inflammable materials. Twenty-six fire tenders were pressed into action to bring the blaze under control. Such was the intensity of the fire, that it spread to a studio next door. Actors and technicians had a narrow escape as they were evacuated on time.Panic gripped the residents of the area as well and they ran out of their houses in fear. \"We really got scared. The flames were nearly five-storey high and it seemed that the fire would devour everything. as the flames appeared to be all-devouring and nearly five stories high. Our apartment is next to the warehouse. So we did not take any risk and got out of our house with whatever we could lay our hands on. We spent the night under the open sky,\" said Biswa Kalyan Banerjee, a resident of an apartment next to the warehouse.Banerjee, however, claimed that as he moved back to his apartment on Friday afternoon, some items were missing from his house. Tarak Banik and Iman Roy had similar complaints.As many as 26 fire-tenders were deployed. The number of tenders at the spot gradually came down as the intensity of the fire declined with time. Packed with inflammable materials, the warehouse on Santoshpur Road remained ablaze throughout Thursday night.\"We really got scared as the flames appeared to be all-devouring and nearly five stories high. Our apartment is next to the warehouse. So we did not take any risk and got out of our house with whatever, we could lay our hands on. We spent the night under the open sky,\" said Biswa Kalyan Banerjee, a resident of an apartment next to the warehouse.There was unbearable heat and smoke that engulfed the entire area. There was a studio next to the warehouse. The fire sparked a panic there. People started running out of the studio. A number of locals also joined hands with the fire brigade for dousing the flame.Maheshtala police said the warehouse belonged to the customs and was used for storage of confiscated goods. They mainly keep the confiscated goods in those warehouses.While two security personnel guarded the warehouse, a supervisor came for periodic checks.\"We were having a tea break, when the godown caught fire. Within moments it became a huge flame,\" said Asmad Sheikh, one of the guards who called the fire brigade.Fire tenders, however, had a tough time accessing the warehouse through narrow lanes. Fire minister Javed Khan, municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim and mayor Sovan Chatterjee rushed to the spot.The cause of the fire, however, is still not known. \"Possibly, a short-circuit might have caused the fire. But we are not ruling out arson,\" said an investigator.\"The lease rent of the warehouse is 75 paise per square feet, while the current market price is Rs 15 per square feet. So the owner of the warehouse wanted a revision of the lease rent. The real estate value of the area has also skyrocketted. So we are not ruling out the arson theory,\" said another investigator.Tarak Banik, Iman Roy and Kamal Banerjee complained that as they moved back to their apartments on Friday afternoon, they found many things were missing from their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748386", "title": "'A traffic signal, presence of cops need of the hour at RTO Corner'", "text": "NASHIK: Heavy traffic and traffic jams at RTO corner in ward no. 5 on Dindori Road have become a major cause for concern for the local residents. The long-pending demand of the residents for the set-up of a traffic signal at the RTO Corner is still on the backburner.The RTO Corner is one of the most crowded areas in the city, as the office of the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI), the MERI school, the RTO office and the agricultural market yard are located within a half-kilometre radius of the corner. Roads from the corner branch out in four directions - Dindori (towards Gujarat highway),Mumbai-Agra Highway (NH-3), RTO office and Panchavati Karanja. As a result, traffic congestion is the order of the day and small accidents are common. Locals have been demanding a traffic signal for the past two years, but in vain.Vishal Varsade, who resides in the RTO Corner area, said, \"The RTO Corner area is always jam-packed due to heavy traffic. It becomes very difficult to cross the road in the evening as it is the time when officials from nearby government offices and students from the CDO MERI high school pass from here. The heavy traffic in the area is posing a threat to the safety of pedestrians, local residents and schoolchildren.\"He added that vegetable-laden jeeps and trucks from the nearby market yard pass through the corner towards the Gujarat highway and the NH-3 in the evening at high speeds.\"These vehicles should be allowed to ply only after 10pm. Besides, traffic police are rarely seen here. We have been demanding a traffic signal here, but no action has been taken in this regard. The corporator started work for the signal ahead of the NMC elections, but they only dug up the roads and left the work incomplete for the last two weeks,\" he said.A local resident said, \"It becomes very difficult to cross the road due to continuous traffic. Often, traffic jams continue for about one to one-and-a-half hours. The NMC administration has dug up the roads to set up the traffic signal at the Corner but left it incomplete, which is creating hurdles for vehicles and passersby. Besides, there is a lot of dust in the area due to the continuous movements of the vehicles on the road.\"When contacted, sitting corporator Shalini Pawar said, \"We have already started work for setting up a signal here and it will be operational within the next seven to eight days. We have been following up the issue for the last two years. Besides, the tree along the RTO corner road was also becoming a hurdle and tree-lovers had opposed the cutting of that tree. It took us around six to seven months to complete the required procedures and settle the issue with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11755288", "title": "Opposition should apologise to Chidambaram, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the case against P Chidambaram on the 2G issue dismissed by a Delhi trial court, Congress went on offensive against the Opposition asking them to apologise to the home minister and the nation for its \"campaign of calumny\".\"All the irresponsible individuals and political parties, who obstructed Parliament, performed dramas before the camera and tried to sensationalise legal judgements should now apologize to the nation, then to the Congress and then to Chidambaram,\" party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi told PTI.He added that though \"decency and morality require this\" Congress has no doubt that \"since both are lacking\" in the Opposition parties especially BJP there will be no apology.Another party spokesperson Manish Tewari said,\" Political parties especially the BJP, owe an apology to the nation for the unlimiting campaign of calumny, vilification and innuendo, which they have carried out over the past one year.\"He also stressed that there is nothing at all in the 2G matter for the government to be ashamed of or for it to take moral responsibility.\"There is nothing at all, which the Government has to be ashamed of. There is nothing for which we have to take moral responsibililty...If at all there has been an indictment, it has been of the process.\"In so far as policy is concerned, the court has pronounced on the policy of the first cum first served (FCFS), which was put in place by NDA. The court has not said a single word about the so-called estimated loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore, which was being talked about for last one year,\" Tewari said.He said that now that both courts have spoken, the Supreme Court and the trial court on substantively the same issue, \"the matter should be allowed to rest\" when asked whether Congress considers that the trial court order has given a clean chit to Chidambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749257", "title": "Man who poisoned friends with deadly dabelis nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chandkheda police arrested Kamal Yadav, 34, a resident of Chandkheda and a native of Uttar Pradesh, for poisoning his friends on January 23. One of them died. Yadav was nabbed when he was trying to enter the city on Friday.According to Chandkheda police, Kamal alias Kailash, called his three friends Manish Rathod, Pankaj Upadhyay and Mangal Prajapati, all residents of Chandkheda, to an open plot on new CG Road. Kamal gave them dabelis to eat after making sure they were inebriated with liquor. On eating the snacks, the trio felt uneasy. While Mangal collapsed on the spot, the two others vomited. The trio was taken to a nearby private hospital where Mangal died due to poisoning. Kamal fled the spot after the incident.Investigators said Kamal's sister was in a relationship with a local youth named Gaurav. Kamal had invited the trio after more than three months of no communications between them. \"Kamal was planning to assault Gaurav but the trio refused to cooperate and said that Kamal should talk the issue out. When Kamal realized that the trio was on good terms with Gaurav, he got enraged and cut ties. However, he was in no mood to forgive his friends and decided to poison them,\" said a Chandkheda police official.After the incident, the duo that survived, filed a complaint against Kamal. \"He was absconding since the night of the incident. On Friday, we got a tip-off that Kamal was to come home thinking that police surveillance had reduced. We then kept a watch near Visat crossroads on Friday morning and nabbed him. Kamal, a native of Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, had fled to Vadodara, Rajkot and some towns of Uttar Pradesh. When he ran out of money, he decided to get help from his friends and family,\" said the official.About the poisoning incident, officials said that on his last trip to Uttar Pradesh, Kamal had got a deadly poison from a relative ostensibly to kill mice. When he saw a good opportunity to bring the three friends back, he called them up and also bought dabelis from a nearby shop. After mixing the poison in the masala of the dabelis, he repacked them and served them to his friends.\"He has been charged with murder. Further questioning is on,\" said SB Trivedi, inspector of Chandkheda police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "11750230", "title": "Nepal Maoists all set to enter civilian life", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepal's Maoist combatants took the final step towards civilian life on Friday, as they received cheques as part of the 'golden handshake' after living in government-built camps across the country following a peace deal in 2006.\"Our friends were given cheques and they will leave on February 11 following an official send off,\" said one of commanders, Dhan Bahadur Maskey, from a camp in Chitwan.The combatants who chose voluntary retirement would be given Nepali 375,000 to 562,500 depending on their ranks as was decided in an agreement between the Maoists and other main political parties in November, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750681", "title": "Techie arrested for posting lewd snaps of ex-colleague", "text": "HYDERABAD: A software engineer of a multi-national company ( MNC) in Bangalore was arrested on Friday by Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials for allegedly uploading his ex-colleague's obscene photographs, which he forcibly took, in social networking sites.According to the CID sleuths, 27-year-old T Satish was arrested from Bangalore, where he is presently working. The victim, also a software engineer, lodged a complaint with the CID in January alleging that Satish, who was her former colleague, befriended her at one point of time.\"Taking advantage of this friendship, Satish forcibly took her obscene photographs. Subsequently, the victim distanced herself from Satish, which annoyed him\", additional director general of police (CID) SV Ramana Murthy said in a press release.Holding a grudge against the victim, Satish hacked the girl's email ID and started sending her obscene photographs to her friends. He also uploaded her photographs on Facebook. This caused extreme mental agony to the victim, who later lodged a complaint. \"In the last one-and-a-half months, Satish has been constantly uploading her photographs,'' CID officials said. The accused was arrested under the Information Technology Act. == State allowed time to spruce up hostelsHyderabad: A division bench of the AP High Court comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar on Friday recorded the statement of the state government that it requires one month to repair the premises of various social welfare hostels in the city and two months in cases where the hostels are run from rented premises.The bench then adjourned the matter by four weeks after getting an Amicus to visit the hostels again and report whether the government has kept its promise. Also, the bench faulted the government after perusing the documents placed before it.Chief Justice Lokur wondered how, on the one hand, it was the statement of the government that all was fine and on the other, it required time to carry out repairs.The bench critically referred to the budgetary details and voiced surprise that not a single paisa had lapsed in the budget for the last five years.The bench also pointed out how in some cases the supply of material like blankets was more than the sanctioned strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11755036", "title": "Delayed payments miffed maid who kidnapped toddler", "text": "MUMBAI: The full-time domestic help who kidnapped an 18-months-old Nalasopara toddler on January 23 told investigators that she was upset with her employers for delaying her salary.Asma Begum (20) who kidnapped Prem Rane from his Vasant Nagri, Nalasopara (east) home alleged that her employers had failed to pay her salary since the past three months. That had angered her and she decided to kidnap the toddler. Begum was traced and arrested from Nangaon village, Guwahati in Assam on January 31. She has been remanded to magisterial custody by the Vasai Sessions court. She While the Rane family had employed Begum in November last year based on a friend's recommendation, they had failed to carry out the mandatory police verification.Prem who was reunited with his family, had stayed with Begum despite being away from his parents, as he was attached to her. Begum, who also robbed Rs 5,000 from the house, ensured that she carried sufficient clothes for the child. She used the money to buy food and milk for the child.Begum told the police that she kidnapped Prem only to get her money and did not intend to extort money from the family or sell the child, said API Valmik Patil of Nalasopara police.Prem's parents were all praise for the police who cracked the case in a week denied that they had held back Begum's salary. Prem's father Umesh said that it was Begum who had insisted on the employers keeping her salary in their custody so that she did not spend it. Umesh said that Begum asked for the accumulated salary which got delayed due to personal reasons. He said that it was never his intention to hold back her hard earned money.The police had detained four persons and reached Begum's sister at Assam. As expected, Begum called her sister. When Begum came to visit her sister over the weekend along with Prem, the sarpanch of the village informed the local police, who in turn alerted the Nalasopara police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749842", "title": "Most popular candidates in city are millionaires", "text": "NAGPUR: Rarely does one see a poor political leader. So, it is no wonder that most popular candidates are worth millions at least, with 12 of them even declaring assets in crores.The candidates have declared their property while filling the nomination forms. TOI obtained copies of affidavits filed by 21 popular candidates, most of whom are sitting corporators and office bearers in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Of these 21, 12 candidates have declared property worth crores. Former leader of opposition and senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe has topped the list with Rs 11.02 crore. Gudadhe is from a well-to-do family of builders and is also an educationist. He has in his name 10 vehicles, including five buses, land and housing schemes. Interestingly, he has also mentioned a Luna worth Rs 1,000 in his property. He will be contesting on a Congress ticket from Airport ward.The next richest person in the list is his close friend Parinay Fuke, who is a corporator from Ram Nagar ward and a businessman with grocery and general store. Fuke has declared property worth Rs 6.37 crore. Prominent among his declaration are land and shop worth crores.The third in the list is Congress leader from Khamla Kishor Umate. He had declared property worth Rs 6.27 crore. He runs a college and is also engaged in real estate business.Former mayor and leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre is at fourth position with property worth Rs 4.42 crore. Prominent among his property is land and house worth Rs 4.13 crore. He is also a businessman dealing in real estate. He owes a Toyota Fortuner worth Rs 21.28 lakh. He also has a loan of Rs 27.51 lakh.The other crorepatis include BJP candidate from Airport ward Vijay Raut, who too is a businessman, followed by BJP candidate from VNIT ward Sandip Gavai, a famous builder from South Nagpur. Interestingly, Gavai has in his name a Maruti Gypsy and two-wheeler worth Rs 2.20 lakh, whereas he can be seen moving around in a BMW.Three women candidates including Vishaka Maind, Chetna Tank and Pragati Patil too have declared their properties in crores, including the property in the name of their husbands.Four bigwigs, BJP city chief Anil Sole, deputy mayor and Shiv Sena district chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe, chairman of standing committee and BJP corporator Sandip Joshi and BJP city vice-president and candidate from Khamla Girish Deshmukh have declared their properties between Rs 1-1.50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749284", "title": "Wait gets longer: Major parties yet to finalize all candidates", "text": "NAGPUR: The three major parties, Congress, BJP and NCP, failed to announce their candidates on Friday too due to widespread discontent over some seats. Shiv Sena is the only major party to announce all its candidates.BJP had announced two lists, but 55 candidates are still a mystery. It has quietly given AB forms to some candidates but not announced their names. There is a veil of secrecy surrounding the remaining candidates.Its ally RPI (Athawale) has been told to be happy with the five seats given to it against a promise of seven. BJP wanted the Shiv Sena to give two seats out of its quota of 18, but the Sena flatly refused. Ramdas Athawale had also spoken to Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, but to no avail.Congress had declared its first list of 83 candidates on Thursday. The party was slated to declare the remaining candidates on Friday morning. However, as the seat sharing arrangement with NCP regarding North Nagpur seats was not finalized, the announcement was postponed for Saturday. It was also not clear till Friday night how many seats Kawade and Ambedkar factions would get.NCP is yet to declare any candidate officially so far. There are some seats over which understanding could not be reached with Congress even after personal intervention of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.Discontent has been brewing in both, Congress and BJP, over seats. Many leaders who have been denied tickets have decided to contest as independents. Some discontented Congress workers protested in front of city president Jaiprakash Gupta's house on Friday afternoon.Meanwhile, BJP sources said the party had dropped three more sitting corporators. Bharat Nagar corporator Malti Bhagat had requested a ticket from the general seat but was not entertained. Shripat, husband of Kawrapeth corporator Shobha Patel, had sought a ticket from Shanti Nagar but it has gone to another activist. Sadar corporator Preeti Shivhare has decided not to contest and make way for her relative Rupali Shivhare. Thus, the number of sitting corporators who have been denied ticket either due to reservation or other reasons has increased to 29 from total 56 nominations announced.Problems also continue to dog Congress over North Nagpur candidates. The meeting at chief minister's residence late on Thursday night proved inconclusive as EGS minister Nitin Raut was adamant on his wish list, rejecting city MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar's choice of candidates.While Raut wants to give ticket to outsiders like Dharam Patil, Prakash Gondane and Vinod Walde, Muttemwar wants these seats to go to Congress workers. The MP feels that if Raut's wishes are fulfilled it would lead to full scale rebellion in North Nagpur.NCP city president Ajay Patil said there was a dispute over couple of seats in north Nagpur, and the matter was being discussed in Mumbai. Party observer Vasant Davkhare would reach Nagpur on Saturday morning with the list, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748238", "title": "Driver taken hostage, i10 stolen near DCP office", "text": "GURGAON: Three unknown persons stole an i10 car on Thursday night near the office of the DCP (traffic and crime).The driver of the car registered with a travel agency was gagged and thrown near Bilaspur Chowk on the national highway.A CCTV grab shows the vehicle crossing the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza barely 20 minutes after the incident was reported. According to the police, one Satish Kumar, resident of Tumna village of Rewari district, was working with a travel agency.On Thursday around 9.10pm when he passed the Mayfield Garden chowk in his i10 car, three unknown assailants signalled to him as if they wanted a lift. When Satish stopped the car, the three approached the car and one of them made satish get off the wheel at gunpoint.In the meantime, two others pulled satish to the backseat and one of them drove the car towards the expressway. They crossed the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza around 9:30pm, barely 20 minute after the incident was reported. The CCTV footage of toll plaza shows that they passed the toll plaza easily. When they reached near Bilaspur, they tied their hostage with a rope and threw him by the roadside and fled with the car. Satish lodged an FIR late at night at the Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11749017", "title": "Bar elections on April 4", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Annual general elections of the executive body of the Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association would be held on April 4. The decision regarding same was taken in a recent meeting of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana, which is the apex body of lawyers in the region. Besides the elections of the Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association, elections of the district bars of Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula, would also be held on the same day.Confirming the development, chairman of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana, Lekh Raj Sharma said considering the holidays in April we have decided to hold the bar elections on April 4, which is a Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749431", "title": "Send I-T findings to police for action: IAC", "text": "PANAJI: India Against Corruption (Goa unit) has demanded that findings of I-T department's inquiry against education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and others should be forwarded to the police for suitable action.IAC's Goa unit coordinator Satish Sonak criticized the government by stating that \"its stoic silence regarding the I-T assessment shows how the government is turning a blind eye to corruption and malpractices\". The IAC has demanded that areas converted from agricultural/orchard to settlement zones should be reverted back to their original status if the conversions are related to the land deal scam unearthed by the I-T department.Meanwhile, Taleigao-based Citizens for Eradication of Corruption's president Pundalik Raikar has also criticized chief minister Digambar Kamat for his silence over the I-T raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750525", "title": "The black horse goes glocal", "text": "The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival gets ready to trot into town again with a will to extend its geographical scope, present Mumbai's culture scene through a glocal lens and pay homage to the fresh as well as antiquated.The fourteenth edition of KGAF, which kick-starts today and leads up to February 12, conquers new venues like the newly renovated Cross Maidan Garden, more areas of the Prince of Wales Museum and a restaurant in Colaba and \"aspires to bring to life the rich culture of art in all forms\". For instance , an exciting addition to this year's chapter is the food art section. Here, chefs ruling the city's most popular kitchens (Indigo's Rahul Akerkar, The Table's Alex Sanchez and Busaba's Nikhil Chib among others) will perform live demonstrations and share recipes.The focus of the festival, says Pallavi Sawhney Sharma, CEO of the Kala Ghoda Association, will be glocal. \"This year, we've tried to promote regional as well as international talent. The festival will open with a performance by the Guangdong Art Troupe from China , will include the Raga Boyz from Pakistan and American artist Tracy Lee Stum's live 3D images of the street festival,\" she says.A special tribute will be paid to personalities like Bhupen Hazarika , Shammi Kapoor, Jagjit Singh and Satyadev Dubey. \"The film section has included an interactive music video competition. Within 48 hours, amateur filmmakers will produce a video that will feature Mumbai and the festival,\" says Sharma. The big shows to watch out for include next weekend's programme with sitarist Niladri Kumar and composer duo Vishal-Shekhar performing on the Asiatic Library steps.With an interesting line-up of heritage walks, KGAF will try to sensitize Mumbaikars, especially children, towards the city's rich history. \"One of the walks is a heritage walk for children to the General Post Office. In the age of internet when letters are so uncommon, the walk will introduce them to stamps and letters,\" Sharma says. Other workshops will introduce children to shadow puppetry, cookery, environment-sensitization and waste management.Rampart Row (it was to preserve this heritage street that the Kala Ghoda Association was set up in 1999) will host street and folk artistes who will perform without loudspeakers. \"The festival provides an opportunity to experience popular art and culture. It has become the largest multi-cultural festival in the country with over 400 events and is a tribute to the spirit of Mumbai and India\" signs off Kala Ghoda Association chairman, Maneck Davar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11750745", "title": "491 CSA students awarded degrees", "text": "KANPUR: The 13th convocation ceremony of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology was held at the campus on Friday.A total of 40 medals including 11 Chancellor gold medals, 11 university silver medals, 11 bronze medals and seven other gold medals were given to the meritorious students.The function of CSA had to be presided over by governor BL Joshi but he could not attend as he was unwell. CSA vice-chancellor GC Tewari performed the ceremonial rituals during the convocation. Padamshree M Mahadevappa, director, JSS Rural Development Foundation, Mysore, who was the chief guest, gave away medals to the meritorious students. CSA University registrar Rajendra Singh, RK Dixit, member, board of management and principal secretary, agriculture education were also present on the dais.As many as 491 students were given degrees on successful completion of their courses, out of which 18 were awarded PhD degrees.A total of 95 degrees in MSc agriculture, 16 in MSc home science, 22 in MBA agri-business, 109 in BSc agriculture honours, 29 in BSc forestry, 11 in horticulture, 30 in BSc home science honours and 161 in BTech were given to the students in a jampacked auditorium in the presence of faculty members and other guests.The convocation ceremony began with the singing of Vande Mataram. The registrar and the faculty members wore ceremonial dresses and donned headgears. The students receiving degrees were in the ceremonial convocation dresses.Chancellor of CSA University BL Joshi was not present. The convocation ceremony was declared open by VC, Prof GC Tewari. Registrar Rajendra Singh was calling out the names of the students who were the recipients of the medals. Chief guest M Mahadevappa and Tewari felicitated the students.Shakambhari Chandan, a pass-out of BSc agriculture (honours) course, bagged four medals, including Chancellor gold medal. Eleven other students received the university silver and bronze medals.The PHd students were given away their degrees. The vice-chancellor read the progress report of the university.In his address, Tewari highlighted that the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board had placed CSA University among the top 10 agriculture universities in the country. Also students from countries like Afghanistan , Rwanda and Zimbabwe have been nominated by the government for studying in CSA University.He said that the work of digilitisation of research journals and PhD thesis has been done. The Indian Council for Agriculture Research (ICAR) has given a grant of Rs 1.25 crore to strengthen the library. The vice-chancellor also highlighted the research work going on in the university. Chief guest M Mahadevappa told the students to contribute in nation building. He said that the students have passed out of the university and the responsibility on their shoulders is bound to increase now.Mahadevappa encouraged the students to utilise their ideas to develop agriculture scenario in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748876", "title": "Recreation clubs entitled to lawful activities: HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday said that members of recreation clubs are entitled to carry on lawful activities within their premises and there should not be any interference from the police.Justice K K Sasidharan gave the ruling while allowing a writ petition filed by Mullai Recreation Club seeking to forbear the police from interfering with the rights of the its members who played 'rummy' without betting.In its petition, the club, situated at Thankkankulam said it was aggrieved because of the unnecessary intrusion caused by the police inspector, Thirunagar, into their activities when its members have been playing rummy which is a game of skill.\"The club never indulged in acts of playing cards using money or other illegal acts. The police inspector started to visit the club very frequently and his visit affected the smooth functioning of the club. The regular visit of the inspector caused apprehension in the minds of members,\" it contended. Hence, the club preferred the present petition.The police stated that one Friends Club was functioning in the very same premises. The said club was involved in illegal activities and it resulted in the registration of a case in which an accused was also convicted.Allowing a petition filed by the club, Justice Sasidharan gave a detailed direction that \"In normal, circumstances, there should be no interference in the lawful functioning of the clubs by the police. It is not permissible for the police to enter the club premises as a routine measure, so long as the clubs are functioning within the frame work of law.\"However, the judge said if the police authorities have specific information or reasonable doubt that the activities carried on by the club or its members are not in accordance with law or they indulge in unlawful activities, in violation of the provisions of the Public Gambling Act, 1867 or Tamil Nadu Gaming Act, 1930, or any other enactment,they can enter the club premises and conduct investigation. interrogate those who involve themselves in such activities and take appropriate action on merits and as per law.The judge said it is always open to the club or its members to challenge the action taken by the police, if it was not in accordance with law.Justice Sasidharan further said, \"In case the police authorities were of the opinion that a situation has arisen to suspend to the operation of the club in the exercise of the powers conferred, they have to issue an order in writing. When there is no authority granted to the police to issue an order of suspension orally, they are not entitled to pass such oral orders.\"The judge added that before orders for the purpose of closure of the club, in exercise of powers conferred on the authorities, they should follow the principles of natural justice. The club should be given an opportunity to submit their objections and if so desired, a further opportunity of personal hearing should also be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748754", "title": "RBU theatre dept will not be shifted", "text": "KOLKATA: The theatre department of Rabindra Bharati University (RBU) will not be shifted to its Jorasanko campus. Instead, the available facility at the campus on B T Road will be improved on any demand. The available facility in the B.T.Road campus will now be upgraded.Chinmoy Guha, the university's new vice-chancellor, feels that there is no scope of returning to the old campus because of the lack of infrastructure.\"There is rather no infrastructure available in the Jorasanko campus. The students who feel so, are being misguided. A stage, which is their demand, will be built soon at the B T Road campus. I have formed a committee comprising Rudraprasad Sengupta, Bibhas Chakraborty, Pabitra Sarkar, Sankha Ghosh, Manoj Mitra, Suman Mukhopadhyay, Saoli Mitra, Kanishka Sen along with the other officials. It has been done only after I consulted these stalwarts and convinced them on the need for the stage. It will be built after consulting them and taking their suggestions,\" said Guha.\"Till now, around Rs 40 lakh has been spent to upgrade infrastructure in this campus. More will be done. Is theatre held at the house of William Shakespeare ? Then, how can one unjustly demand the return of the theatre department to Jorasanko which is a heritage building and suffers from an acute space crunch. We will now build up Jorasanko as an eminent tourist destination,\" added Guha.A new documentary on Bichitra Bhavan and the archives are also on the cards. \"I have requested an eminent director to take up the work,\" the VC said.He also said that four new buildings will be built on the campus to sort out the space crunch, besides setting up build an auditorium of international standards.\"I want to ensure that RBU publications and printing are of a high standard. I am also slated to hold meetings with the mayor of Kolkata and the tourism department to convert Joransanko into a tourist destination and give its due. I will also propose to add Jorasanko Thakurbari to the name of Girish Park Metro station so that tourists are aware of the place,\" the VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749667", "title": "Rival factions await EC decision on SGF leadership", "text": "MARGAO: With the election commission of India (ECI) reportedly concluding the hearing of arguments over the issue of Save Goa Front (SGF) leadership on Friday, leaders of all rival factions are hoping that the EC's judgement will be in their favour.Sources said that both parties submitted documents in support of their claims to head the party during the hearing. The EC's decision is likely to be announced on Wednesday.After PWD minister Churchill Alemao who had founded the SGF joined the Congress soon after the 2007 assembly elections, the ECI in 2009 had recognized Anton Gaonkar as the SGF president. However, this was challenged by a rival faction headed by Kennedy Afonso in the Delhi high court. Following court directives, the ECI is now hearing the case afresh.Anton Gaonkar and Raul Pereira have staked their claims to the post of party president. While Gaonkar has submitted documents showing that he had withdrawn his resignation as the party president and hence continues to be its chief, Pereira maintained that while 2/3rd of the party has merged, he leads the remaining 1/3rd section and therefore should be the party president.However, the contention of Kennedy Afonso, who belongs to the Alemao camp, is that the SGF merger with the Congress was total as per the tenth schedule of the Constitution. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750191", "title": "Learning begins in the assembly now", "text": "There's more to morning assemblies than prayers now. Some schools devote up to an hour, with presentations, news and also a thought for the day. The prayers are increasingly secular, and the venues are covered halls instead of school grounds.At Delhi Public School, RK Puram, the primary section starts the day with a secular prayer centred on truth and honesty. This is followed by a moral principle and the day's headlines. Every day, some students also present a cultural programme. The older students have their assembly in the audio-visual hall where a presentation is made on a large screen.\"There is a theme for every presentation. It was gratitude yesterday. A student gives a short speech on a subject, which is followed by an entertainment programme,\" said principal DR Saini, adding that the assembly is held in the air conditioned hall so that students don't get distracted in the summer heat or the winter chill. Although it is an English medium school, DPS RK Puram has its assembly prayer in Hindi. \"I feel it has more meaning,\" says the principal.In some schools, the assembly time has a spiritual flavour. At Kulachi Hansraj Model School in Ashok Vihar, children recite not only religious prayers but also the Gayatri Mantra. It is followed by a thought for the day and a talk by a teacher for two to four minutes.Sometimes, the national anthem is sung and there are short performances by students, says Principal Pammi Dutta.Students feel a lot more can be done to make assembly periods less boring. A standard XI student of Greenfields Public School, for instance, feels the prayer can be more secular in nature to make children from all sections comfortable. He also said it can be shorter with more space to understand children's issues.\"We recite the Gayatri Mantra and then we have an English prayer called 'Hail Thy Children'. Teachers usually speak on a certain theme for a few minutes and then there is the National Anthem or 'Vande Mataram'. I feel the assembly can be made more colourful by using relevant discussions for students,\" he said.For Devyansh Sharma, a student of Class VIII at GD Goenka Public School, assembly is the time to calm his mind and prepare for the hectic day ahead. \"We have an English prayer, a Hindi prayer and the national anthem on selected days, followed by announcements by teachers. Sometimes, there are special assemblies where children perform. They either recite or perform a play or a dance. I enjoy the assembly period because it's a nice welcome to the students before starting studies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11749787", "title": "Delhi men and women most prone to lung and breast cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cancer of the lung is the commonest cancer among men in Delhi, while that of the breast is way ahead of all other forms of cancer among women in the national Capital.Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) latest data on the 10 leading sites of cancer in Delhi shows that prevalence of breast cancer among women in Delhi stands at almost 27%, followed by cervix, whose recurrence is almost half of breast cancer cases at 14.6%. Among men, lung cancer is the most common at 10%, while 7% of all cancers are of the prostate.According to the ICMR data, cancer of the tongue was the third commonest cancer (6.8%) among men, followed by larynx (5.9%). In women, cancer of the ovary (7.6%) has the highest prevalence after breast and cervix, followed by gall bladder (6.9%). As far as \"sites of cancer associated with the use of tobacco\" is concerned, the prevalence is high among men in Delhi.Two in every five cases of cancer among men in Delhi is due to tobacco (39.4%), while it is one in every 10 women (11%). Dr Harit Chaturvedi, director of surgical oncology at Max Hospital, said, \"Cancer of the prostate is on the rise among men and that of breast is increasing among women. In northern India cancer of the gall bladder is very common. This could be due to chemicals and fertilizers in the water.\"Dr Amit Aggarwal from Fortis Hospital, Noida, added, \"We are seeing a major trend of mouth cancer among youngsters due to smoking and chewing of gutka. Oral cancers in Delhi are becoming common.\"\"It is depressing to see increasing number of young cancer victims. We hope the states implement the Food Safety and Standards Authority law in the larger interest of this generation falling prey to the tobacco menace,\" said Bhavna Mukhopadhyay, executive director of Voluntary Health Association of India.FSSAI has notified the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restriction on sales) Regulation, 2011, mandating prohibition and restriction on sale of food products having tobacco and nicotine as their ingredients.ICMR has also come out with the \"possibility of one in number of persons developing cancer of any site\" score. The calculation is age specific - 0-64 years and 0-74 years.For Delhi, it says that one in 13 men and one in 11 women run the risk of developing cancer by the time they attain 64 years. The probability becomes more acute: one in seven men and one in eight women before they turn 74 years.In other metros like Mumbai and Kolkata, one in 19 men and one in 14 women run a similar risk of developing cancer before their 64th birthday.However, while one in 10 men and one in nine women in Mumbai face the possibility of suffering from cancer by the time they are 74 years, and the risk is faced by one in 10 men and women in Kolkata. In Chennai, one in 14 men and one in 12 women are prone to develop cancer before turning 64, while the probability is one in eight men and women before turning 74.The report looked at incidents of cancer and probability rates for three years (2006-08). Dr A Nandakumar, in charge of the report, says that since the establishment of the national cancer registry programme in 1982, this is the maiden report of 20 population-based cancer registries covering 7% of the population.India has the highest prevalence of oral cancer globally, with 80,000 new cases every year. National Institute of Health and Family Welfare (NIHFW) says India alone accounts for 86% of the total oral cancer figure across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748353", "title": "NCP, Shiv Sena men clash in Cidco area", "text": "NASHIK: The last day of scrutinizing the nomination forms of aspirants for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) witnessed some drama at the NMC office at Cidco, with tempers running high among a group of supporters of Shivaji Chumble of the NCP.Bunty Tidme of the Shiv Sena, who is contesting the election for the Shiv Sena from the Cidco area, had raised an objection over NCP's Shivaji Chumble's over his unauthorised construction sites.Furious over the objections being raisedsame, Chumble's nephew Ajinkya Chumble and a few of his friends , attacked Tidme at the very building where the hearing was underway.The incident took place in front of the election officers and police personnel. The attack did spread a wave of panic in the Cidco divisional office of NMC, however, according to DCP DS Swami, things were brought under control soon. Meanwhile, leaders across party lines have come forward to appeal for a smooth elections election, without any hooliganism.The Ambad police said that the work of registering the complaint was underway in the evening. Chumble and Tidme are contesting the election from ward 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11750529", "title": "Sasikalaa\u2019s brother held in Trichy after 2-week search", "text": "TRICHY: Sasikalaa's brother V K Divakaran, who was reportedly on the run from the police, was arrested by a special police team near Ariyamangalam dairy on the Thanjavur-Trichy national highway on Thursday night.With the arrest, a twoweek long search for Divakaran in connection with a case relating to the demolition of two houses came to an end.According to police, they acted on a tip-off that Divakaran was on his way to Mannargudi to meet his family. A special team was put on alert.The team intercepted a car and found Divakaran inside. He was arrested and taken to magistrate Chellapandian's residence at Valangaimaan. The magistrate remanded him in judicial custody for 15 days. Later, the police took him to Trichy central prison, where he was jailed at 5.15 am on Friday.Deputy inspector-general of police (Trichy range) A Amalraj told TOI that the arrest was made by the special team at 11.15pm. The police registered one case against Divakaran and five others, of which three persons have already been arrested.The case against Divakaran is based on a complaint filed by Kasthuri (28) of Rishiyur, Needamangalam, in Tiruvarur district. According to Kasthuri's complaint, Divakaran demolished two houses, one belonging to her and one to her father-in-law, on November 28, 2011. The action was attributed to political enmity.The complaint was taken into account by Tiruvarur SP Xavier Dhanraj on January 21 after the expulsion of Sasikalaa and her family members from the AIADMK.Since then, speculation was rife about the arrest of Divakaran. A few days ago, a special team was constituted by Tiruvarur police to trace him and many places including his house, an educational institution and farmhouses in Mannargudi, Sundarakottai and Rishiyur were searched. But Divakaran gave the slip at every stage, according to police sources. On February 1, police had questioned Divakaran's wife, Hemalatha, at their house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11754383", "title": "Chidambaram gets relief: Chronology of case", "text": "NEW DELHI, Following is the chronology of the events in which a Delhi court rejected the plea of Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy to make home minister P Chidambaram a co-accused in the 2G case.Dec 15, 2010: Swamy moves Special CBI court seeking prosecution of the then telecom minister A Raja in 2G scam and his (Swamy's) appointment as public prosecutor.Jan 7, 2011: Court holds Swamy's complaint against A Raja \"maintainable\".Mar 25, 2011: Swamy's complaint transferred to special court set up at the instance of the Supreme Court to try all cases related to 2G scam.Aug 23, 2011: Swamy moves SC for CBI probe against home Mminister and the then finance minister P Chidambaram in the 2G case.Aug 26, 2011: Swamy tells special CBI court that he will file a plea before it to make Chidambaram a co-accused.Sept 8, 2011: SC directs Swamy to submit his correspondence with the CBI in connection with his plea to investigate Chidambaram's alleged role in the 2G scam.Sept 15, 2011: Swamy tells court he will bring new facts that Chidambaram and Raja had a role in deciding 2G spectrum prices and entry fee.Sept 22, 2011: CBI defends Chidambaram in SC, blames Department of Telecom (DoT).Oct 10, 2011: SC reserves order on Swamy's plea for a probe into the alleged role of Chidambaram in the 2G scam.Jan 7, 2012: Swamy places on record various certified copies of the documents in support of his private complaint against Chidambaram.Jan 21, 2012: Special court reserves order for February 4.Feb 2, 2012: SC refuses to ask CBI to probe role of Chidambaram in 2G case and leaves it to the special court to decide the matter.Feb 4, 2012: Special court dismisses Swamy's plea to make Chidambaram a co-accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748806", "title": "MHA to buy Mi-17 choppers for internal security duty", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry has decided to buy six Mi-17V-5 helicopters from Russia to assist its forces engaged in internal security duties and asked the defence ministry to help it in buying the choppers.The Mi-17V-5 is designed for utility cargo work and can carry up to 36 passengers or four tonnes of weight. The machine features advanced multifunction cockpit displays and upgraded TV3-117VM engines. The helicopters are being built by Russian Helicopters' Kazan Helicopter Factory (KVZ) subsidiary.Currently, the defence ministry is negotiating purchase of 59 Mi-17s after its first order of 80 such helicopters to the Russian company.\"The MoD has been asked to buy six helicopters in addition to their actual requirement. The home ministry will use those six helicopters,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748635", "title": "Double renewable energy by 2030, EU tells developing nations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The EU wants countries meeting at a conference in June under the UN's Rio+20 mechanism to double their share of renewable energy by 2030 under an international obligation. It also wants countries like India to agree to double its energy efficiency levels under an international understanding.World leaders are to gather in Rio de Janeiro in June for the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, known as Rio+20 in policy circles. A proposal for 'sustainable development goals' has been put on the table for the meeting which India has already opposed. But EU's climate commissioner Connie Hedergaard on Thursday backed the proposal saying it should be one of the deliverables from the meeting. She was speaking to media on a visit to Delhi.India believes that such a proposal breaches the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and impinges on its right to growth. It also believes this is a backdoor move to impose targets on developing countries that the developed world has failed to do through the UN climate talks.The move would force India to accelerate the deployment of costly renewable energy-based power plants while opening a captive market for developed countries' 'green industry' to sell technologies that are yet to be indigenized within the country.For example, solar energy currently costs the government around Rs 12 per unit to produce while coal costs around Rs 3 per unit. While it has started an ambitious solar mission project with a target of adding 20,000 mw of solar power by 2020 that along with plans for wind and other forms of renewable still would not make up 20% of the energy mix by 2030.Also, under the climate convention, developing countries' actions towards going green are linked to the rich countries providing funds and technology. By moving the targets under a new regime outside the UN climate talks, the developed world would be able to de-link the two and shy away from its obligations.Hedergaard's comments came in contrast to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan's recent statements insisting on the basic principles of CBDR and equity remaining intact in the Rio+20 dialogue as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749445", "title": "Model code of conduct affects Carnival organization panels", "text": "MARGAO: The model code of conduct has cast its shadow on the organization of the state-sponsored Carnival at Margao with the election commission ruling that elected representatives of the civic body should not be on the organization committee.In effect, vice chairperson of MMC Gonzak Rebello, who was chosen to head the Margao Carnival committee, will not be allowed to do so. Sources informed that the tourism department had written to the election commission seeking its advice whether councillors can be included on organization committees. As the election commission wrote back giving its opinion against it, the director of tourism suggested that the chief officers of the civic bodies assume the post of chairperson and appoint eminent personalities as members of the committee.However, MMC chief officer J B Bhingui has written to the tourism department declining to head the carnival committee. \"As the chief officer is required to appoint other members of the committee, there's every possibility of a controversy over selection of members and I want to avoid that,\" Bhingui told TOI.City of Panaji (CCP) commissioner Agnelo Fernandes resigned as chairman of the Panjim Carnival Committee on Friday.Sources said that Fernandes submitted a letter to Naik stating that he was unable to act as chairman due to preoccupations. Fernandes stated that he had appointed Francisco Martins as the new chairperson and Martins had re-constituted the organizing committee. The letter submitted by Fernandes had a list of the new members, which also mentioned that Tony Dias was the new president.This is the second time that Panjim Carnival Committee has been reconstituted in the last 15 days. The first committee had Panaji mayor Yatin Parekh as chairman and Francisco Martins as president. But, Panaji residents complained to the election commission that the formation of the committee had violated the election code of conduct.In another development, Mormugao municipal council chief officer Elvis Gomes has turned down the request by the tourism department to chair the organizing committee in Vasco. Gomes stated that expenditure cannot be monitored by his office as the funds are granted directly by the tourism department; the election code of conduct is in force and it would not be practical for his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "sivaganga (tamil nadu)", "code": "11754596", "title": "Chidambaram supporters celebrate court verdict, burst crackers", "text": "SIVAGANGA (TAMIL NADU): Congress workers in Union Home Minister P Chidambaram's native district here on Saturday celebrated the Delhi court order rejecting a plea to make him an accused in the 2G case by bursting crackers.As soon as news about dismissal of Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy's petition against Chidambaram by the special court came in, around 100 party workers led by District Pradesh Congress Committee chief M Rajaratnam burst crackers near the bus stand here.Similar jubilant scenes were witnessed in Karaikudi town where former MLA N Sundaram led local partymen in celebrating the court verdict, which came as a huge relief to Chidambaram.The Congressmen raised slogans hailing the court order and said there was no truth in the charges against Chidambaram, who represents Sivaganga in Lok Sabha.Party sources said Chidambaram was likely to arrive here tonight to attend various functions, including a marriage in the family of Sundaram, in the district on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750510", "title": "Peking Opera to dazzle Mumbaikars", "text": "The chance to watch the famously limber Chinese acrobats pull stunts and perform pieces of Peking Opera should be enough to tempt you to attend a show by the Guangdong Art Troupe this evening. As an added incentive, the troupe will perform a piece of Indian dance.The 28-member troupe, which has been brought to the festival by the Chinese Consulate and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, includes professional singers and dancers who have been selected by the local government in Guangdong Province from groups such as the South China Song And Dance Ensemble , Guangdong Cantonese Opera House and Guangdong Song and Dance Theatre.\"It's one of the finest art groups in China,\" says Niu Qingbao, the consul general of China. \"The Indian audience can learn about Chinese art and it will be good for the Chinese to learn about Indian people .\" The show will have a mix of modern dance pieces and traditional vignettes of Peking Opera, Qingbao says.The performance will take place at the festival's new venue, the Cross Maidan garden. This is a patch of green diagonally opposite the BSNL building and near the Parsi well. Look out for a towering white sculpture resembling a twisted spine rising out of the garden. This year, all the music and dance performances will take place here, as Kala Ghoda is a silence zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749783", "title": "HC poser on relief for crop damaged by tigers", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting plea before the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday, the judges asked the Maharashtra government why it could not approve compensation for a farmer who suffered damage to banana crops due to tigers.A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale was hearing a petition by Baburao Aglawe (65), a resident of Kinhala village of Seloo in Wardha district. Principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) SK Khetarpal was present during the hearing after being summoned at the last hearing to explain the forest's side.Counsel for petitioner Prakash Meghe said four tigers had damaged banana crop in his farm spread over five acres between April to May last year. The senior citizen applied for compensation to the tune of Rs 3.84 lakh along with 18% interest for the damage. However, the finance department rejected his claims stating that they have no such policy. Meghe contended that when Aglawe could get compensation after a wild beast killed his cow then why not same policy for cropsSR Deshpande, pleading for the forest department, informed that the crops were not actually damaged by the wild beast but due to presence of a tigress and her three cubs, labourers working there failed to water the crops, causing the crop to wilt. He, however, pointed out that though the July 2, 2010, GR doesn't have provision to provide compensation for damage due to tigers, the forest department had forwarded Aglawe's case to the finance department as a special case.The court then asked government pleader Nitin Sambre, appearing for the finance department, to come up with an explanation before March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11750297", "title": "'Strict action against anti-vaccination groups'", "text": "MALAPPURAM: District collector M C Mohandas has asked the police to take stern action against persons or groups who campaign against the vaccination drives of the health department in Malappuram.Cases would be registered against those who are found to be behind the anti-vaccination campaign, under the different sections of Kerala Police Act 2010. \"We have already discussed the issue with police officials\", said the collector.The collector has requested the public to inform the police or the nearest health center, if they have any information regarding anti-vaccination groups or about their campaign.The health department has already formed a rapid response team, to deal with the anti-vaccination campaigns in the district. Anti-vaccination campaigns across the district by different organizations, clubs, and local groups, had severely affected the polio vaccination programme conducted by health department last year.Notices and pamphlets with messages against the immunization programme were distributed in rural areas. District medical officer (DMO) in charge, Dr Sakeena, said that the anti-vaccination campaign was the major reason for the decreasing number of children who get inoculated at immunization programmes during last few years.Only 91.21% of children received the vaccine last time and the performance of district was very poor, when compared to other districts, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11748780", "title": "3-day 'Nage Habba'", "text": "MYSORE: The Kadamba Rangavedike and department of Kannada and culture have organized a three-day 'Nage Natakothsava' at Maneangala, Kalamandira, from February 6.\"People have forgotten to laugh. So to bring back the smiles on their faces, the vedike is conducting the comedy shows, said vedike president Rajasheka Kadamba. The plays will begin at 7pm on all three days. A seminar also has been organized at the same venue on February 8 at 5pm on the occasion. Entry is free.Kannada professor M Krishnegowda will inaugurate the event at Kalamandira on February 6 at 6.30pm.Laughter RoundFebruary 6: 'Krishna Sandana' play by Apravarambe troupe; February 7: 'Muddananna Promotion Prasanga' play by Kadamba; Rangavedike February 8: \"Sanmana maaratake... \"play by Gejje Hejje troupe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11749205", "title": "'Rs 35L earmarked for Rose Festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The uncertainty over the upcoming Rose Festival is finally over as finance and contract committee (F&CC;) of the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Thursday approved budget of Rs 34.73 lakh for organizing the rose festival. Significantly, all the expenses will not be incurred by MC only.The budget will be shared by both tourism wing of the Chandigarh administration and Chandigarh municipal corporation.For ensuring their formal participation in the three day nation fest, the committee has further passed a decision that one municipal councillor will be included as observer in each sub committee and judges penal, which will be constituted for organizing various events in the rose festival.Thus, now for the first time in the history of the Rose Festival, besides officials of MC and UT, public representatives of Chandigarh municipal corporation will be part in all decision making programme and policies.Earlier, the matter came in controversy when officials of MC, mainly engineering wing, did not take public representatives in confidence and brought the agenda item of over Rs 50 lakh for organizing the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748340", "title": "Rs 3.5 lakh robbed in house break-in", "text": "NASHIK: Two unidentified persons broke open a flat and fled with goods worth Rs 3.50 lakh in Tidke Colony area. The incident happened on Friday at around 1.30pm, police officials said.They said that the thieves robbed a closed flat of Jagdish Tajne, who was out of the city. Accidentally, a housemaid happened to reach the flat at the same time. The burglars locked up the housemaid and fled with the booty including Rs 50,000 in cash.Meanwhile, senior inspector of Sarkarwada police station Dileep Gavit initially dismissed the case but an offence was later registered at the station in the evening. The city has been witnessing spurt in crime and has been under the scanner for the law and order issue.With the civic body polls approaching, the city's police force has been put under scanner with even warnings coming in from state election commission to put things in order.Recently, the city police commissioner had gone on leave, leading to speculation that he was asked to proceed on leave due to deteriorating law and order in the city.The local MP, Sameer Bhujbal had also demanded a CID probe into the law and order situation in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749666", "title": "Court acquits 11 Nepal Maoists", "text": "PATNA: Additional District and Sessions Judge-9, Patna, Bashishtha Narayan Singh, on Friday acquitted as many as 11 Nepali Maoists in criminal cases pending against them since 2004 for their alleged anti-India activities and conspiracy against the erstwhile Nepal government.They were arrested from different hotels here in 2004 and cases were registered against them. The ADJ-9 acquitted these Maoists when public prosecutor Jay Prakash Singh on Wednesday filed a petition under Section 321 of the Code of Criminal Procedure which provides that the state can withdraw from prosecution of the offences against the accused during the trial of the case.The petition was filed on Nepal government's request to the Government of India to drop the cases against the Maoists. The Central government had apparently urged the Bihar government to withdraw the criminal cases against them under the relevant law so that they could be acquitted of the charges. All these 11 Maoists were earlier granted bail. Thereafter, in 2006, non-bailable warrants of arrest were issued against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11749694", "title": "Pregnant woman hangs self", "text": "HUBLI: A 22-year-old pregnant woman committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling on Thursday night in Tarihal of Hubli taluk.Pavitra Ettinmani, who got married nine months ago, committed suicide by hanging herself from a steel rod in her house on Thursday night.She was vomiting in addition to the pain due to the pregnancy, causing her to commit suicide, said Hubli rural police.A case has been registered with Hubli rural police station. Investigation is on, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11748442", "title": "Priyanka hits poll trail, mum on corruption", "text": "AMETHI: A day after the Supreme Court's harsh indictment of the UPA government over the 2G scam, Priyanka Vadra Gandhi hit the campaign trail in the Gandhi pocket boroughs of Amethi and Rae Bareli but kept her speeches largely apolitical, only briefly touching on the issue of corruption that's casting a long shadow in UP.Priyanka has now joined her mother Sonia Gandhi and brother Rahul Gandhi in their effort to revive the Congress's fortunes in UP. Having visited Musafirkhana last in April 2007, Priyanka drove through the labyrinthine lanes on Friday to seek support \"not for Congress or Rahulji\", but for improving the prospects of the GenX in this sleepy Amethi hamlet.\"This election is not about retaining the honour of the Gandhi family,\" she told the crowds. \"It's about the future of your children. You need to bring change, and this change will impact you much more than it would Rahulji,\" she added. Priyanka humored, coaxed, cajoled and even chastised the crowd for \"choosing wrong government over the last 22 years\". The audience warmed up to her. Asked if she would go beyond Amethi-Rae Bareli, Priyanka said she was specifically asked to look after the 10 constituencies of Amethi and Rae Bareli. Her attempt to look deliberately apolitical was apparent. Refusing to name either Mayawati or Mulayam Singh Yadav as the \"lesser evil\", she listed lawlessness, opportunistic politicians and corruption as the worst evils.During her frequent halts, she did make references to dysfunctional UPA flagship schemes, siphoning off of funds and borrowing from her brother's script, even asked why did young men from UP have to go to Maharashtra for jobs. \"UP was left behind while other states have prospered.\" In Pindari, Priyanka said the place has stagnated since she last saw it 23 years ago, even though \"much had changed in her life\". \"I have a nine-year-old daughter and a son who is 11. They go to the best schools, have a comfortable home, eat well and play well. What about your kids?\" she asked. \"If they have no access to good education, roads or health facilities, it's not the fault of the political system entirely,\" she said.Azam Khan retracts eunuch commentSlammed from sundry quarters for comparing Congress with eunuchs at a public meeting in Allahabad, Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Azam Khan hastily retracted his statement on Friday.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11749961", "title": "Avian influenza detected in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The bird flu virus has struck Bhubaneswar, spreading panic among dealers and consumers of poultry products here. The High Security Animal Disease Laboratory ( HSADL) of Indian Veterinary Research Institute ( IVRI) in Bhopal confirmed detection of the dreaded disease on Friday after testing samples sent by the Central Poultry Development Organisation (CPDO) here.CDPO's farm is located behind the Kalinga Stadium in Nayapalli area in the heart of the city. \"We have declared an area spread over three-km radius off the epicentre (the farm) as alert zone and ordered ban on movement of poultry birds or related products into the area or outside,\" commissioner, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, Vishal Dev, told TOI.BMC convened a meeting to discuss the issue and decided to forthwith initiate all preventive and precautionary measures. Official sources said CPDO had sent three samples for testing to the Bhopal laboratory after some birds died in its farm in the last week of January. \"Of the three samples, at least one has tested positive for the H5N1 virus which causes bird flu or avian influenza,\" an officer disclosed.Detection of bird flu in Bhubaneswar comes on the heels of the government undertaking culling operations at Keranga in Khurda district and Bahanada in Betanoti block of Mayurbhanj district to prevent the spread of the virus. Official sources said culling was expected in the CPDO farm and adjacent areas, but orders were awaited from the Centre.Official sources said the CPDO farm has around 29,000 birds, including 16,600 chicks. Salia Sahi, the biggest slum in Odisha, falls under the alert zone, which spreads over 21 of the 60 wards in the capital city. \"We have formed surveillance teams and would undertake such activities as sprinkling of bleaching powder at all poultry farms,\" Dev added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749463", "title": "Objections held back RTE in state, says minister", "text": "BANGALORE: It'll be another year before the Right to Education (RTE) Act is implemented. The long-debated Act, expected to go into force this year, will be enforced from 2013 which means underprivileged children have to wait some more time to join school. Minister of state for human resource development ( higher education ) Daggubati Purandeshwari cleared the confusion over implementation in Karnataka.Excerpts:* When will the Right to Education Act (RTE) Act be enforced in schools across Karnataka?RTE will be implemented in all schools across the state from the academic year 2013-2014. Once implemented, all schools will have to abide by the rules and 25% reservation for poor and deprived children will be a reality.* Why is it taking time to implement RTE in the state?* There are a number of rules and modifications needed in the system before the Act can be implemented. One is the notification of rules by all state governments. We are talking to the Karnataka government about it -- 28 states have already notified their rules.* There's lack of clarity on the process...There is no confusion regarding implementation. Sarv Siksha Abhiyan (SSA) will act as the vehicle of RTE and will ensure smooth implementation. As far as training those children who've never had elementary education but are in an age group when they should be taken in to higher classes is concerned, two wings of SSA viz. Education Guarantee Centres and Alternative Education Programmes will come in handy. They will provide bridge courses.* What delayed implementation in Karnataka?Objections raised by private schools over reservation of 25% seats. But after the Supreme Court verdict, there should not be any issue and therefore no delay too. We'll direct the state government which will in turn direct schools about the Act.* What's the main challenge in the education system in India?Women education and empowerment are still lagging behind. On the one hand, we say that women are revered in our country but we also don't give them freedom. A country cannot progress by ignoring half its population. Promoting women's education that could lead to empowerment and thus freedom is the solution to all problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750556", "title": "SAIL plans lighter LPG cylinders", "text": "RANCHI: SAIL's Research and Development Centre for Iron and Steel (RDCIS) has developed high-strength steel for LPG cylinder that will help reduce its weight. RDCIS executive director D Mukherjee said they had developed a high-strength steel that would reduce the thickness of LPG cylinder from 2.9 mm to 2.6 mm. \"The cylinder will not only be of less weight but also more durable,\" said Mukherjee. He said the product had been handed over to LPG companies for trial. It was expected that the trial would be completed within six to eight months. \"Once the trial is complete, it will be put under test by Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jammu/srinagar", "code": "11753674", "title": "Jammu Kashmir highway closed due to snowfall, flights cancelled", "text": "JAMMU/SRINAGAR: Snowfall and heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir disrupted air traffic in the state and forced the closure of 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar National Highway.\"The Srinagar-Jammu National Highway has been closed due to snowfall on either sides of the Jawahar Tunnel in south Kashmir,\" an official of the traffic department said.Almost four inch of snow has accumulated at Jawahar tunnel, while heavy rains continued to lash the state.The air connectivity between Srinagar and other parts of the country was also affected as early morning flights were cancelled due to poor visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748962", "title": "Crib deaths: Didi passes buck to Left, media", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee blamed the health system left behind by the Left Front government for the spate of crib deaths in the state even as 19 babies died in Malda and Bankura on Friday.Without naming CPM, she launched an attack against the \"conspiracy\" against her government. \"A political party is misleading the people with false information. They left farmers to die for 34 years, and now they are shedding crocodile's tears for them. Look at our seven-month record, we're even paying the farmers' insurance premium,\" the CM said, adding that the media carried unverified reports of crib deaths.Mamata reeled off statistics to claim a 3% drop in child mortality rate during her tenure. Quoting health ministry data, she said Bengal ranked 9th in child mortality in India. \"The figure in Gujarat is 67%, Delhi 30% but in Bengal, only 6%,\" she said. Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, said Mamata was flaunting the 2009 SNS registration data collected during the Left rule.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who also holds the health portfolio, said on Friday her government was taking steps to bring pregnant women into the healthcare system.She gave away grants of Rs 50,000 to Rs 2 lakh to 65 block primary health centres that had the best record of safe deliveries.\"Thirty per cent of our children are born through midwives, who use crude methods. I have heard that 50,000 babies die outside the hospitals annually. Malnourished babies born through midwives are in a critical condition by the time they are brought to the hospital,\" the CM said at the health department HQ in Salt Lake.\"We want to bring expecting mothers under the hospital's purview to ensure safe deliveries. I wanted to know if we could give them food. But that's not possible. Then I asked health secretary Sanjoy Mitra if we could give them vitamins. He said that's an exorbitant proposition,\" she said.The CM appealed to MBBS degree-holders to work in village health centres (a rule already in existence) for at least three years, promising them a good posting and weightage for pursuing postgraduation courses. \"The government will help you clear your higher degrees,\" she promised. \"Why can't you go to the district at least twice a week?\" she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748667", "title": "25-year-old commits suicide", "text": "KOLKATA: A 25-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan at her Girish Park residence on Thursday evening. The victim, identified as Juli Chatterjee, used a dupatta to hang herself.Juli had reportedly taken a loan, because of which she was depressed. She left behind a suicide note in which she did not blame anyone for her death.with her Dopatta on Thursday evening at her Girish Park residence.Police said Juli Chatterjee, the victim was depressed due to her loan. She left a suicide note where she did not blame any one.The officers of anti-rowdy squad on Thursday rounded up Mohhamad Sabir, a notorious central Kolkata criminal in connection with a shoot out inside Kolkata Medical College premises last year. Police earlier arrested two other in connection with the shoot out.Toton Biswas, a driver by profession absconded after stabbing his wife after a brawl at Khardah's Desbandhu Nagar in North 24 Parganas. The woman has been admitted at Panihati state general hospital in critical condition. The police is searching for Toton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752360", "title": "Saturday night at Shimmers", "text": "Saturday at Shimmers was a night of fun, music and dance as revellers trooped in to shake a leg to DJ trio Ugain, BigDaddy and Nirav's crazy tunes.As Bolly beats scorched the turntable, party people upped the ante on the dance floor, shaking and grooving to the beats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11749690", "title": "Nagpur dealer attacks Ajanta Clocks owner", "text": "MUMBAI: A Nagpur distributor was arrested after he allegedly attacked the owner of Ajanta Clocks with a paper cutter in Mumbai's Worli area on Friday evening.Police said Sandeep Mathuria (50) fell out with Ajanta Clocks owner Jesubhai Patel (52) over some business deals. Mathuria was charged with attempt to murder after Patel was admitted to Jaslok hospital with injuries on his face, head and neck.On Friday afternoon, Mathuria attended an exhibition organized by Patel at Worli's Nehru Planetarium Centre. He had an argument with Patel. Around 4.45pm, Mathuria attacked Patel when he was about to leave in a cab with his friends. People standing nearby restrained Mathuria and handed him to the police.\"Doctors said Patel's condition is stable as of now,\" said Mumbai deputy commissioner of police (Zone III) Kishore Jadhav.Mathuria has been a distributor for Patel for long, till Patel terminated his distribution rights five years ago. \"This could be one of the reasons for the incident,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747978", "title": "Man booked for duping I-T dept of Rs 2.13 crore", "text": "PUNE: The Swargate police have booked a person for allegedly duping the Income Tax (I-T) department to the tune of Rs 2.13 crore by stealing a cheque book and forging the signatures of an I-T officer.The suspect had deposited the stolen cheques claiming them as refund from the I-T department in three different bank accounts and withdrew the cash between April 11, 2011 and June 26, 2011. The incident came to light when I-T officials found that refund of Rs 2.12 crore was paid to three account holders, who had never paid income tax.Investigations have revealed that while opening the bank accounts in three different names, the suspect had used the same photograph, but had submitted different documents to the bank. Moreover, the person also had three permanent account number (PAN) cards with three different names. Interestingly, the addresses of all the three PAN cards were same, which later turned out to be fake.I-T officer Jalaja Subhash Jadhav has lodged a complaint with the Swargate police station. The police have booked the suspect, who has been identified as Girish Baburao Patel alias Shailesh Chunilal Gandhi alias Lalchand Omkar Patel.Senior police inspector of the Swargate police station, Ram Pathare, said that as per the complaint, the cheating came to light after I-T officials noticed that the PAN cards were made in the year 2009, but no tax was paid by the card holder. \"However, amount to the tune of Rs 2.13 crore was deposited in his accounts as refund. When the officials enquired with the banks, they found that the accused had used the same photo for all three accounts,\" Pathare said. \"The suspect had also used fake stamps of the income tax department,\" Pathare said.He added that the suspect, Girish Patel, withdrew refund dues amounting to Rs 64.95 lakh by using seven cheques from a bank on Tilak Road. \"The suspect then withdrew Rs 72.98 lakh from a cooperative bank in Budhwar Peth by depositing seven cheques in the name of Shailesh Gandhi. The suspect had deposited four checks in the name of Lalchand Patel in another bank and withdrew Rs 75.43 lakh,\" Pathare said.The police have registered the case under sections 420 (cheating), 467, 468 and 471 (forgery) and 370 (theft) of the IPC. Police inspector S N Kamble is investigating the case.Pathare said on January 20, the Swargate police had arrested an employee of the I-T department for allegedly duping the department to the tune of Rs 21.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748902", "title": "Madurai-Ramnad bishop passes away", "text": "MADURAI: The bishop of Madurai - Ramanathapuram diocese, Rev Christopher Asir (64) passed away in Madurai on Friday after a brief illness.He was born to P Asir and Packiam Asir in Pannaivillai, Tuticorin district on December 5, 1947 and did his schooling in his native place. He obtained his Bachelor of Divinity Degree at the United Theological College in Bangalore. Christopher Asir served in various churches across the state and was consecrated as the Church of South India (CSI) bishop of Madurai on September 23, 2004. He was also the deputy moderator of the CSI.He is survived by his wife Esther Chandra and three children, including daughter Jothi Sophia, who is the principal of the CSI Nursing College in Pasumalai. D Thavamani Christopher, principal of American College, Madurai is his son-in-law.Asir was instrumental in bringing many developmental activities to the Christian institutions in the region and also enhanced the advanced treatment facilities at the Christian Mission Hospital in Madurai.His body has been kept in his home in Chinnachockikulam in Madurai for the people to pay their last respects. Madurai Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa was among those who paid their respects to him. The funeral would take place on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750601", "title": "Hard to put a finger on malaria figures", "text": "The Chennai Corporation says malaria cases dropped in 2011 compared to the previous year, but public health experts say the disease is under-reported as private hospitals and doctors do not share data with authorities. A recent report in the medical journal, Lancet, said the number of malaria cases in India was 40 times higher than the government count.Data with the civic body shows that there was a 5% drop in the number of malaria cases reported in 2011. \"Last year, we reported 9,313 cases which may seem alarming, but is better than the 9,789 cases reported in 2010,\" said Dr G T Thangarajan, additional health officer.The figures are not just based on government hospital records. \"We do continuous surveillance in many areas. We go door to door and collect blood samples of people with fever and test it. We also test other members of the family in a house,\" said chief public health officer P Kuganantham. After many dengue cases were reported last year, the health department was forced to adopt vector control measures.Experts said malaria was under-reported in the city and the rest of the country as the data comes only from government hospitals. The National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme said the number of malaria deaths in 2010 was 1,023. Going by the Lancet study, the figure could be 46,800.Public health experts said the lack of co-operation and awareness among private hospitals and doctors was a challenge to collecting data. \"In Chennai, most people still go to private doctors when they fall sick. Despite repeated requests, neither the doctors nor the hospitals share details of cases, unless it is H1N1 or some rare disease,\" said former public health officer Dr S Elango.Infectious diseases experts said that though they did not keep records, there had been a drop in the number of vector borne diseases. \"We saw a drop in complicated malaria or dengue cases that required hospitalization last year. It could be due to better awareness and control mechanisms,\" said Dr V Ramasubramaniam of Apollo Hospitals.The corporation is yet to implement the seven-point formula for urban malaria control created in 1990 by the directorate of public health.\"A 5% drop is too little. The civic body should follow the seven-point formula, which includes source reduction of larva breeding, spraying every six days and introducing larvae swallowing fishes into wells,\" said Dr Elango. He also said that the danger was the changing face of malaria. \"The disease is becoming immune to chloroquine and primaquine, which is prescribed by the corporation to patients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11749585", "title": "ACB nabs superintendent of excise", "text": "BHANDARA: Anti-corruption bureau sleuths in Bhandara arrested the district superintendent of excise and his driver while accepting a bribe of Rs 1.10 lakh. They were sent to police custody.Complainant Sandip Mulchand Wahile, a resident of village Mandhal (taluka Tumsar), had applied for a beer shop license in November 2011. Superintendent (excise) Vijay Kullur demanded Rs 1 lakh to sanction the license. His driver Raju Srirang also demanded Rs 1 lakh for his boss and Rs 10,000 for himself. The complainant approached the ACB office at Bhandara.ACB sleuths laid a trap and arrested the driver with the bribe amount. Later, Vijay Kullur was arrested from his office and his homes in Pune and Kolhapur searched.Kullur owns two flats Pune, two Chevrolet cars, an Innova, two buses in his wife's name plying on Goa route, one farm house and agriculture land, besides bank lockers. tnnin village Hulli (taluka Saundatti, district Belgaum, Karnataka), Rs 2.77 lakh cash and two bank lockers in the name of his office. The bank lockers were sealed by the ACB.A similar search was conducted in the house of his driver Raju Srirang, where they found Rs1.26 lakh cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11749910", "title": "Wendell Rodricks rebutts Hugo Gomes", "text": "For a week and more, I have been watching with sadness and disbelief how the Goan public and the press are being drawn into the web of lies that a certain 'founding curator' has been spinning, riding on a wave of breathless sensationalism to appear in the news daily. On some forums this person signs by his name alone. But on website letters he mysteriously acquires for himself the title of doctor. A doctorate in what no one knows.I write as a committee member of the Museum of Christian Art (MOCA) but not on behalf of MOCA and as a Goan member of the public who has museum experience.As a person who has worked at two prestigious museums ( National Costume Museum, Lisbon &amp; The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, New York), it is obvious that this so called 'founding curator' is uninformed and inexperienced in museum procedures.The committee at the museum has no right to be judged on the rantings of such a man who also has a dubious history as an ex-employee of the museum.On the committee are serious persons of prestige that include scholars, historians, two qualified museum trained persons, a banker, the ex-director of the Goa state museum and persons who have a corporate ethic and who have floated finance for the museum for years. These people give, pro bono, their time and energy. And so here are some of my comments.There is a detailed inventory of the museum supported by photographs taken by a professional and the items have been catalogued and photographed by Gulbenkian and MOCA. Museum teams work on the museum floors documenting and taking images. I worked with photography teams to make two catalogues in both museums overseas.As in any museum worldwide, scholars and writers can apply for and get images shot by museum experts. These can be featured in books, magazines and doctorates. Which is how my book has images from MOCA. Not only do museum authorities have photos of objects, many museums allow cameras with or without flash. See the hundreds of tourists at the Louvre photographing the Mona Lisa.Regarding keys to guards, they are given to guards in all museums. Museologists know fully well that technology cannot be depended on and guards walk corridors hourly (see the Da Vinci Code for proof). There may be fires or glitches with laser rays and security alarms. This is more so in Goa with our power cuts.Private events at museums are common practice. There are even special caterers who know what to serve in museums (red wines and tomato sauce based food not permitted). Google private events at the Louvre, V&A;, The Met in New York ...all have events. I have dined in the Louvre and attended a cocktail at The Met, NY. Museums in the UK, Europe and USA rent rooms even for weddings since such events are paid for and procure funds. So yes! I applied for my book launch and got it and even procured revenue for it despite holding the function in a different venue. In fact any Goan who wants to have a cultural event can do the same. As for the envious brouhaha over the V&A; team at the Chapel of the Weeping Cross and MOCA, it is a clear case of sour grapes. The museum was handed over by the police and only thereafter was the V&A; tour with its patrons planned. A museum like MOCA works with other international experts and at the moment two restorers from Portugal are at the museum. Why not show our Goan treasures to esteemed scholars and patrons of one of the world's finest museums? We need their expertise and funding.I take strong objection to grandiose reference to the press statement of the museum's committee as 'hogwash and the shedding of crocodile tears' as though he is the protector of our heritage. He was to start his museum foray as an assistant to the curatorial team that set up the MOCA at Rachol. He was never a founding curator. Today he has designated himself proprietor-cum-curator of his own museum. This is not international museum practice.I would urge this fake curator to refrain from conducting a personal vendetta against the museum and its managing committee since he left the museum under a cloud. Instead efforts should be focused on working with the authorities to recover the stolen objects, rather than defending the museum against scurrilous attacks from individuals with mala fide intent.I come to the public and media with a request. Please ignore the 'pots and pans clanging' of self promoters who thrive on theatrical posturing for no benefit other than to see themselves in the news and posture as heritage lovers and cultural defenders of Goa when they are unqualified.Let truth, wisdom and restraint prevail.The views expressed are those of the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752716", "title": "Rukhsar loves being in front of the camera", "text": "She started her career at a very young age in the film Yaad Rakhegi Duniyaopposite Aditya Pancholi.She went on to do more movies like Inteha Pyaar Kiand was last seen in Ram Gopal Verma's Sarkar, D, and Bejoy Nambiar's Shaitan. Yes, we are talking about the tall, strikingly beautiful Rukhsar. After doing a television show Bhaskar Bharti, she is currently seen as Dr.Mallika in the daily soap - Kuch Toh Log Kahenege.Her character in the show KTLKhas grey shades. Ask her about her role and she says, \"I am trying to keep it subtle and not overdo the vamp role because although my character is a little negative on one side, there is the other aspect where she loves Dr.Ashutosh. so the other side is a romantic, soft side.\"Rukhsar says that KTLKhas become her life. When quizzed about her chemistry with co-actor Mohnish Behl, she says, \"The entire unit is very cooperative and they are all like my family now. Even if I miss one day of shoot, I miss the whole unit.\"And did she always plan to become an actor in her life? She laughs and says, \"I was actually preparing to be an IAS officer. That's a very long story. But now that I am in this industry, I feel like I was born to do this. I love being in front of the camera. If I have a good role, I do not mind even if I have 2-3 scenes. But my role should make an impact in the script; people should relate to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "11748342", "title": "\u2018Money meant for poor spent on statues\u2019", "text": "SHRAVASTI: The BSP government spent the money meant for poor lavishly on statues and parks, said Congress MP Raj Babbar while addressing a meeting at Laxmanpur Bazar of Bhinga.He said only the Congress government knows how to take everyone along. Babbar said SP, BSP and BJP do the politics of votes while the Congress believes in the politics of development. He added that if the party is voted to power in UP, the district would develop and the benefits of MNREGA would reach the poor.He said the funds sent by the Central government for the healthcare of poor were embezzled by the BSP ministers. If the Congress forms the government, the poor would be able to avail their rights,said Babbar. Addressing the meeting, Congress leader Pramod Tiwari alleged many BSP ministers are involved in the scam and added that only the Congress can bring about the complete development in the state.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11750007", "title": "Budget session from Feb 21", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The staggered budget session of the Odisha Legislative Assembly will get underway from February 21 with Governor M C Bhandare delivering his customary address, said an official notification.The session, which will be the ninth session of the 14th Assembly, will have 29 working days. While the first phase is slated from February 21 to February 28, the second phase will be from March 14 to April 7, the notification said. Finance minister P C Ghadai will be presenting the annual budget for 2012-13 on February 24. The Appropriation Bill on the Budget would be taken up for discussion and passing on March 31, it added.During the 13-day hiatus between the two phases, departmental-related standing committees would scrutinize the demand for grants for respective departments for presentation of reports in the House. Chairpersons of standing committees are scheduled to place the reports in the House on the first day of the second phase on March 14. This would facilitate discussion on the demand for grants of different departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11749828", "title": "Malabar teak gives Rolls-Royce Midas touch", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The delicately whorled wood that brightens up the rather intimidating interiors of one of Rolls-Royce's latest models comes from Kerala. The 108-year-old British brand, the ultimate status badge for the haute monde, is sourcing teak wood from Kerala for its Ghost series.In the company's Goodwood factory in UK where every car is made to order, traditional craftsmen, drawn from among the finest boat builders and cabinet makers, hand-fashion dashboards and trims out of teak wood coming 8,000 km away from Malabar.\"The response to the Malabar wood interiors in the Rolls-Royce Ghost model has been very good both in India and internationally,\" said Sharad Kachalia, managing director of Navnit Motors, the car's authorized dealer in Mumbai.He revealed that Rolls-Royce, encouraged by market feedback , has started offering Malabar wood interiors for its elite Phantom and Phantom Coupe range as well.Rolls-Royce Ghost sells at Rs 2.50 crore for the entry-level model and would go up to Rs 3 crore depending on the options selected. Kachalia said Malabar wood interiors would push the price tag of Ghost by Rs 2 lakh.\"The unique grains of Malabar wood and its straight lines make it all the more attractive. It lends a totally different look to the interiors. Many Indian customers go for it on realizing that the wood is sourced from India. For them it is a perfect way to add a home touch to their dream car,\" he said, adding that Malabar wood gives a luxurious aquamarine feel to the car while its vertical lines added a contemporary touch to the interiors.True to Rolls-Royce's legendary attention to detail, the interior of each car is made from veneer that is cut from consecutive slices of the same tree to maintain consistency of grain, colour and ageing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747770", "title": "AI graft slur false: Water supply minister", "text": "MUMBAI: After the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the allegation of bribe against him, state water supply minister Laxman Dhoble, whose name also cropped up in the Canadian media report, has approached NCP president Sharad Pawar.\"The entire report is false and baseless. It's aimed at maligning my image. We will take up the matter with appropriate authorities in Canada,\" Dhoble told TOI on Friday.According to a report in Canada's leading daily, Globe and Mail, an Indian-born Canadian citizen Nazir Karigar has been implicated by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police on charges that he had paid Patel a massive bribe and hadconspired with former Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Gafoor to rig a contract for a facial recognition system for Air India (AI). Karigar met Patel along with senior NCP leader Laxman Dhoble, the report stated.Patel has written a comprehensive letter to the prime minister, stating that the charges against him were baseless since the contract was cancelled at the inception stage only. \"All records pertaining to the entirecontract should be brought to establish his innocence,\" Patel stated.Dhoble said he meet Patel along with Karigar, but it was a \"courtesy call\". \"Karigar expressed his desire to meet Patel. At that time, Karigar stated that he had a plan for the development of theSolapur airport,\" Dhoble said. \"Since, I felt that it was a good concept, I took him to Patel nearly six years ago. The meeting lasted for less than five minutes, after that there was no communication with Karigar,\" he added. Dhoble admitted that he knew Karigar's family for many years. \"They belong to Solapur, but they have shifted to Canada wellover three decades ago. There is no communication from them,\" he added.Though Gafoor was not available for comment, according to reports,when the Canadian daily sought his reaction, he specifically denied helping Karigar, in any manner, to rig the contract. Significantly, while the Canadian daily mentioned about Gafoor, according to the official records of the airline, he (Gafoor) was not associated with the project in any manner. Then Gafoor was in charge of the security of AI, while the project was linked to passenger facilities.Eom**********************************Mumbai : After the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel wrote to prime minister Manmohan Singh over $250,000 pay off to him, state water supply minister Laxman Dhoble too has brought to the notice of his politial mentor, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar that the entire report in the Canadian media was false and baseless. The entire report is false and baseless. It's aimed at maligning my image. We will take it up with appropriate authorities in Canada,'' Dhoble told ToI on Friday.According to the report in Canada's leading daily, globe and Mail, an Indian-born Canadian citizen Nazir Karigar has been implicated by the Royal Canadian mounted police on charges that he had paid Patel a massive bribe and had conspired with former Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Gafoor to rig a contract for a facial recognition system for Air India. It said, Karigar met Patel along with senior NCP leader Laxman Dhoble.Patel has written a comprehensive letter to the PM, saying the charge against him was baseless since the contract was cancelled at the inception stage only. All records pertaining to the entire contract should be brought to establish his innocence,'' Patel said in his letter.Dhoble said he did meet Patel along with Karigar, but it was a courtesy call. Karigar expressed desire to meet Patel. Then Karigar had stated that he has a plan for the development of the Solapur airport. Since, I felt that it was a good concept, I took him to Patel. The meeting last for less than five minutes, that was exactly six years ago, since then there was no communication with Karigar,'' Dhoble said.Dhoble admitted that he knew the Karigar family for last several years. Karigar family belongs to Solapur, but they have shifted to Canada well over three decades ago, as such, there is no communication from them,'' he said.Though Gafoor was not available for comments, according to reports, when the Canadian daily sought his reaction, he specifically denied helping Karigar in any manner, to rig the contract. Significantly, while the Canadian daily mentioned about Gafoor, as per official records of the Air India, he (Gafoor) was not associated with the project in any manner. Then Gafoor was incharge of the security of AI, while the project was linked to passenger facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748703", "title": "Lack of signal chokes Model School junction", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Government Model School Junction, where five major roads meet, lacks a traffic signal, a roundabout and policemen do not man this place regularly.The traffic from Thampanoor, Bakery Junction, Chengalchoola, Thycaud and Music College Junction converge at this junction.The road from Thampanoor is always busy because it is a bus route and KSRTC buses to Kollam, Kottayam and Nedumangad ply on this route. Heavy vehicles from three other roads flow to this junction. The junction saw a steep rise in traffic after the Bakery Junction flyover was opened and the road connecting Panavila Junction to Thampanoor was renovated by the Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited (TRDCL).\"Our students are at risk while crossing this busy junction. The road from Ayyappa temple has a sharp curve, so vehicles coming from that side can be spotted very late. Without a signal or a roundabout, it is difficult to cross the road here,\" said Government Model School headmaster D Vijayakumar. Traffic policemen who are posted here do not man the junction regularly, leaving traffic management to the motorists. \"There is no zebra crossing or any indicator to warn speeding buses and motorists,\" said Prakasan, a vendor near the school.\"We have submitted a proposal to the government for a traffic signal and they have approved our request with minor changes. It will be in place soon,\" said TRDCL vice-president Anil Kumar Pandala.TRDCL authorities say that a traffic signal will not solve this problem. \"We have asked the police department to create a one way. Either the road to Thycaud or the one to Music College Junction can be made a one-way. In fact, the Ayyappa temple-Model School stretch should be a one way,\" said Pandala.Police claim that they are doing their duty at the junction. \"We have a traffic policeman at the junction but it is not helping matters, \" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) P Mohanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740538", "title": "Kareena Kapoor is 2011\u2019s most desirable woman", "text": "India has voted and chosen the Times 50 Most Desirable Women of 2011.The 3.74 lakh votes received online on www.itimes.com/polls along with our vote decided the winners.Kareena Kapoor tops the list. Bebo, who is currently in London holidaying with sister Karisma Kapur, tells TOI what her most desirable quotient is and why Saif Ali Khan is the most desirable man for her.You are the Most Desirable Woman today. How does it feel to have topped the list? It's a matter of taste, and people's tastes change from year to year. It's like food - sometimes you like Indian, sometimes Chinese, sometimes Continental. I'm thrilled that this year I've topped the Most Desirable list. People have been kind to vote for me. My co-stars should feel excited to be working with me now, as they will be working with the Most Desirable Woman!What are your most desirable qualities? I am fun and spunky, and have always lived life on my own terms. I am a modern girl, and being bold means being elegant, beautiful and yourself.And your desirable quotient? My eyes.What are the most desirable qualities a woman should possess? Beauty, elegance, dignity and sex appeal. I think what helped my desirability quotient was that even though I wore saris in Chammak Challo (RA.One) and Teri Meri Prem Kahani (Bodyguard), I still looked sexy. One can be fully covered and still be desirable.Who, according to you, is the most desirable woman? The late Maharani Gayatri Devi. She had the perfect blend of beauty, elegance and personality.Last year, Katrina Kaif topped the Most Desirable list. Do you feel a sense of achievement having replaced her? l Tomorrow, somebody else will replace me, so I just want to enjoy the moment rather than waste it on thinking about others.Who is Saif Ali Khan's most desirable woman? If it's not me, then he's in trouble!Who is your most desirable man? It has to be Saif. He has that rare combination of wit and intelligence put together in a very good-looking package!Also Check : The list of Times 50 Most Desirable WomenCheck out: Photos of Times 50 Most Desirable Women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11749198", "title": "Calcutta University to start integrated courses", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta University has decided to introduce courses integrating the bachelors and masters degrees from the next academic year.With this decision, CU will turn a new leaf in history. Students opting for the integrated courses can study in the university for five years and earn a masters degree along with graduation. Admission to these courses will, however, be restricted only to meritorious students who will have to qualify for the course through an entrance examination.\"Both the University Grants Commission (UGC) and ministry of human resources and development are encouraging such integrated courses across the country. Several other universities are thinking of introducing them since it is the need of the hour. We too want to join the league ,\" said vice-chancellor of CU, Suranjan Das.He added: \"Sometimes the bachelors and masters syllabi overlap. Moreover, there is a difference in the quality of students from various colleges pursuing postgraduate courses. I have requested the heads of departments to ascertain their infrastructure and let me know if they can start the integrated course. Initially, only a few seats will be offered. In this way, we can get bright students to enroll for the courses right after higher secondary examinations.\" There will, however, be no seat crunch in the regular postgraduate courses.The VC also said that Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will not be able to make it to the Calcutta University convocation. \"We have received a letter that conveys that she will not be able to make it due to her busy schedule. She has accepted our invitation. We will hold a special convocation and confer her a DLit as and when she decides to come to the city at her convenience. The university has already received the new act. The senate and syndicate will soon be formed in accordance with it. The names of DLit and DSc recipients will now be decided by the syndicate and then approved by the chancellor,\" Das said.The vice-chancellor of Oxford University will visit Calcutta University on March 24. \"Andrew Hamilton will visit CU and we will discuss projects which the two universities can undertake jointly. We may also sign a memorandum of understanding,\" Das added.In the field of research, too, CU and Oxford University are set to attain new highs. The British Council has given a grant of more than \u00a312,000 and the two universities will jointly take up a research project on the means and methods to increase collaboration between higher education institutes and industry.Welcome Trust of Britain has also sanctioned a Rs 70 lakh grant for the history department. A joint research on the history of medicine will soon commence.The UGC has also decided to set up a centre of excellence in CU on Electro Physiology and Neuro Imaging Studies. \"The university will receive a grant of Rs 6.15 crore from UGC,\" Das said. Apart from these, CU has already received three more grants.From 2013, a supplementary exam will be held every January to enable CU undergraduate students clear the papers they fail in. This has been done as it was noticed that Part III students suffer under the existing system. Some cannot take admissions in postgraduate courses as Part III results are declared much ahead and admissions take place. But, they can only clear the back papers of Part II much later. The problem will now be solved. This year, however, the supplementary exam is to be held in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749417", "title": "Panel sees lapses in Meekin's recruitment", "text": "BANGALORE: The child rights panel is wondering how nobody noticed the improper behaviour of Trio World School headmaster Paul Meekin with children.\"We will interact with teachers on why there was no earlier intervention in the matter. How did they not observe his behaviour on the campus?\" KSCPCR chairperson Nina P Nayak told TOI.Trio World School is one of the focal points of the investigation. \"We have found several lapses in Paul's recruitment as headmaster. His appointment was made on the internet, and it was based on some references,\" Nayak said.Meekin was rearrested on Wednesday on forgery charges after it turned out that he allegedly gave his false name while joining the school as its headmaster.Details of Meekin's tyrannical ways are also tumbling out of the cupboard. \"Investigating agencies, including the UK police, will question the school authorities too. The school should also be held accountable for the heinous crime that Paul perpetuated on small children. During the investigations, we also found that Paul had banned parents from meeting any teacher. The parents' interaction was confined to him. One or two teachers have quit their jobs. The school is answerable to all this,\" sources linked to investigations said.The Trio spokesperson said: \"We have nothing to hide. It is true that Paul had submitted a false PhD certificate to us when we recruited him. We got the first complaint against him in December from a parent. On January 20, 2012, the parent gave us the proof of their complaint. That is when the management decided to sack him.''The school said it will completely revamp its recruitment policy. \"We are considering introducing a Criminal Background Verification for all recruitments henceforth. Since Paul was with the Ministry of Education in Dubai, we did not subject him to such verification. We have submitted all documents related to him to the investigating agencies. The school management has commenced its own investigation into the issue,\" it said.To ensure that the 250-odd children studying in the school are not disturbed by the turn of events, the KSCPCR has sought help from Nimhans. \"We are concerned about the well-being of the children. We are in touch with Nimhans doctors Dr Sekhar Seshadri and Dr Shobha Srinath, who will speak to children who may have been subjected to abuse,\" Nayak revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748107", "title": "Chill abates but winter not over", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you thought the past week has been warm, the weekend is expected to be a couple of degrees hotter. Both night and day temperatures will rise a few notches till Sunday and then record a slight fall by Sunday night, Met officials said. There is also a possibility of shallow fog on Sunday night and Monday morning but nothing severe enough to upset flight schedules from Delhi.\"A western disturbance is affecting north Pakistan at present and has brought rain and snow in the western Himalayan region. The plains of northwest India will also be affected from Saturday. While Delhi will be cloudy, light drizzling may be seen over some parts of the city on Monday, but no heavy rain is expected,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Friday recorded a warm 23.6 degrees Celsius as its maximum, two degrees above normal while the minimum was 9.8 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. Some parts of south and southwest Delhi including Palam, Safdarjung and RK Puram recorded a light drizzle in the morning.Jenamani said there were no indications that winter was over but due to the impact of the WD and very strong winds, it was difficult to say when and by how much temperatures could be expected to drop again. \"From Monday, the minimum temperature should be on the higher side and maximum should fall if it is cloudy, but if it continues to remain windy, it might remain warm,\" he said.The minimum temperatures had been 3-4 degrees above normal over many parts of northwest India and Gujarat on Friday, officials said. Over the next three days, rain and snow is expected over many parts of the western Himalayan region. Rain and thundershowers are expected over a few places like Punjab, Haryana, north Rajasthan, Delhi and west UP over the next 2-3 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749423", "title": "Friends stab security guard to death", "text": "BANGALORE: Security guard Ananth Kumar , 25, was stabbed to death over a trivial issue allegedly by his colleagues at his home in Wilson Garden late Thursday night. He was a resident of Vinayaknagar and had come from Orissa.\"He was staying with his friends Subash, Surik, Jayakrishna, Fareeda and Fayaz, all from Orissa, in a room. They were security guards at an apartment on Bannerghatta Road,\" police said.\"Ananth was asked to cook food for the day, but he did not. Subash had an argument with him and attacked him with a knife,\" police said. All joined in the melee and Ananth collapsed with stab injuries. Police are looking for all five accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748063", "title": "Reservation of seats: Court seeks poll panel\u2019s response", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Friday sought the state election commission's response to a plea that has challenged the method for earmarking of seats for the Scheduled Castes (SC) in the April 2012 elections to the MCD.Issuing a notice to the commission, a division bench of justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher sought its reply by February 15. The bench - while refusing to stay the government's January 27 notification for reserving seats for SC candidates in the election - directed the poll panel not to issue any more notifications regarding the elections without informing the court.HC was hearing a joint plea by BJP councillor Anil Yadav from Kapashera and advocate Kuldeep Singh. The two alleged the notification was \"arbitrary and illegal\" as the commission had reserved the MCD seats on basis of the 2001 census and not in keeping with the latest 2011 census. Appearing for the petitioner, advocate O P Saxena argued that \"the Election Commission has acted without any logic in reserving seats on the basis of 2001 census.\" He said the state poll panel has reserved those seats which have SC population only to the tune of 12 per cent, while the seats with SC population above 40 per cent have been made general seats.\"There is no rational basis for allocating SC seats in accordance with the descending order of average percentage of population,\" the lawyer said, adding \"There is no rational basis for fixing two seats per Assembly segment as the wards have no link with the Assembly segment.\"The petition also stated that the very objective behind reserving seats is frustrated because the benefit will not reach those constituencies or wards where the percentage of the Scheduled Castes population is higher as per 2011 census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11749634", "title": "Rakhi Guneriya elected unopposed as Tiroda MC prez", "text": "GONDIA: After the last day of nomination for the post of president to municipal councils in Gondia, Rakhi Guneriya has been unanimously elected the president of Tiroda municipal council.Contradictorily, municipal council Gondia has got six members filing their nominations, leading to a very complex political scenario in Gondia district.After the elections, 15 members from NCP were elected in 17-member house. The post of the president was reserved for woman of open category. Rakhi Guneriya was the only one who had filed the nomination.Her husband Rajesh Guneriya is the current vice president of council for four consecutive terms.In Gondia's 40-member house, 16 members have been elected from the BJP, 11 from NCP, 8 from Congress, 3 from Shiv Sena and 2 are Independents. Thus the strength of BJP-SS alliance and NCP-Congress is 19 each. The two Independents have also joined the NCP.However, local political party circles claim that about 5 members of the Congress party are not available in Gondia ever since the process of presidential election has begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11748831", "title": "Auto driver commits suicide", "text": "MYSORE: A 45-year-old autorickshaw driver allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in NR Mohalla police limits on Thursday.Shivamurthy was found hanging from a ceiling fan by a rope at a room in his house at around 1.30pm on Thursday. His family members broke open the door and shifted him to a hospital, but to no avail.Police officers said he had taken the extreme step due to depression as he had borrowed a lot of money from moneylenders. He is survived by his wife and two daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11749661", "title": "Man kills infant in fit of rage", "text": "WARDHA: A man killed his two-month-old daughter in rage doubting the character of his wife. Yogesh Pande murdered his infant on Thursday night. The incident came to fore when the mother, Varsha Pande found her baby's body in the well on Friday morning at Muraraka Wada, Gond plot, Wardha.According to police, the couple was staying separately since one year due to their personal issues. Yogesh (30) used to stay Kamthi village of Wardha district and his wife Varsha (25), stayed in her father's house in Wardha.According to Varsha, her husband used to drink heavily and she decided to live separate from him with her child Harshada (4). She delivered another child Sharvari two months ago. Her husband was suspicious of her pregnancy and was harassing her. tnnstarted querying her about her it. He developed doubts that his wife was having an extra marital affair.On Thursday evening he came to meet his wife and child. He took the child along with him and pretending to be playing with the infant, went outside the house, where he allegedly threw her into the well.Wardha police have registered a case against Yogesh and are further inquiring into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749241", "title": "15th BPA car rally to kick off tomorrow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Sunday, cars ranging from Tata Nanos to BMWs will take to the roads, as the blind map readers will guide the drivers from one end of the city to another. The fifteenth Round Table Blind Car Rally will take place on Sunday in which nearly 100 drivers and visually-challenged are expected to participate. The event has been organized by Blind People's Association (BPA) and Ahmedabad chapter of Round Table.Talking about the event, BPA officials said that the rally will commence from the BPA compound at 8 am on Sunday. This year, the direction of the rally will be north to west. \"We have tried to include all the 10 bridges of the city and the track along riverfront as part of the route chosen for the rally. We are encouraged as city mayor Asit Vora and Ellisbridge MLA Rakesh Shah are going to participate as drivers in the rally,\" said Shelly Bapna, PRO, BPA.She added that there are surprises for the participants. \"The participants will have to come out of their cars this time and take other means for some time. We try to organize rally around a theme every year and this time around it is beauty of western city parts. As it is 15{+t}{+h} year of the rally, 15 differently-abled drivers will participate with specially designed cars,\" she said.The 80-km track tests the driving skills of a car driver and map reading and directing ability of the visually challenged companion. Driver's skills are tested on the basis of time, speed and distance measurements.\"This year, the funds raised from this event will be utilized to build a school in Jasra village in north Gujarat,\" said a senior BPA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747792", "title": "RTO drive against faulty e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO will launch a fresh drive from Monday to check for tampering of electronic meters in taxis.Said a senior RTO official,\"There have been complaints of rigged meters in city taxis and several passengers suspect that some of the e-meters are not foolproof. We want to verify these allegations, which is why we will begin our checks in all the black and yellow taxis and Cool Cabs- specially the new models which are fitted with e-meters.\"Recently, meter manufacturers had admitted before senior transport officials (at a closed door meeting in Bandra) that some of the e-meters manufactured pre-2009 could possibly be tampered with. Sources said that the transport department now wants to check if any cabbie has rigged his e-meter and fleeced passengers.Taxi union leader A L Quadros, however, maintained that tampering e-meters was difficult, and claimed that all the installed meters had seals and were tamper-proof. \"We have such meters in more than 20,000 taxis and there are hardly any complaints from passengers,\" he said.Shraboni Das, a regular taxi commuter, said she suspected that the electronic devices were rigged in some of the taxis plying in island city. \"While rigging of mechanical meters is rampant, we cannot rule out the possibility of e-meters being fiddled with. I have noticed different readings in electronic meters for the same distance travelled.\"Auto union leader Thampy Kurian too agreed that e-meters can easily be tampered. \"I have shown a demo of rigging such meters to RTO officials, consumer activists and the media. The state government now claims it will introduce new e-meters which will display Error messages if tampered with. I request the government to hand me over this meter and I will check whether it is foolproof or not,\" he said, adding that it was easy to rig such devices by sending additional pulse from the engine.The modus operandi was to fit an external device (called the Hyderabad gadget) near the engine of the vehicle and it manipulates the pulse reading of the e-meter, he stated.Said a RTO official , \"If any cabbie is caught during the drive, we will issue him showcause notices and suspend licences .\" Fines between Rs 500 to Rs 2,400 will be imposed on drivers depending on the nature of the offence.The officials are equipped with a special gadget which enables them to detect a tampered meter within minutes. Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said several drives against tampered meters in the past have proved to be in vain . \"These are temporary measures and do not provide long-term solutions,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747930", "title": "Power sector expert Sant dies of cardiac arrest", "text": "PUNE: Renowned power sector expert and coordinator of Prayas energy group, Girish Sant, passed away following a cardiac arrest in New Delhi on Thursday. He was 46. Sant was in Delhi to attend a series of meetings as he served on several committees constituted by the government on climate change and renewable energy.Sant's long time associate at Prayas, Shantanu Dixit, said, \"He was scheduled to attend two meetings on Thursday, but failed to turn up and all efforts to contact him failed. Later in the evening, two of our colleagues went to check on him at the hotel where Sant was staying and found him lying on the bed. Sant suffered cardiac arrest in the wee hours of Thursday.\" The body was brought to Pune by an evening flight on Friday and the last rites were performed in the night. He leaves behind his parents and sister.One of the foremost, pioneering analysts and advocates of pro-people, scientific policies, Sant made significant contribution to policy issues in power sector for over two decades.Recently, as a member of the climate experts' group of the Planning Commission on low carbon strategy and the 12{+t}{+h} Plan steering committee of the ministry of non-renewable energy and the ministry of power, Sant relentlessly championed the cause of weaker sections of society and the long term interest of the nation.His recent contributions include significant expansion in the role of energy-efficient appliances and renewable energy for meeting the country's energy needs. He represented India at several international forums, authored a range of scientific papers and won several awards. He was a member of various government and civil committees.Sant was born in Gwalior in 1966, but spent his formative years in Thane. He completed his B.Tech. in chemical engineering from IIT-Bombay in 1986, followed by a Masters in Energy Systems Engineering in 1988. He started his professional career by teaching chemical engineering at Bharati Vidyapeeth College, Pune, followed by a short stint with the Systems Research Institute, where he researched trends in energy and appliance usage with changing urbanization in western Maharashtra.In 1989, Sant began work on macro-level energy policy and planning, starting with a detailed low cost integrated resource plan for Maharashtra. He set up Prayas along with his doctor and engineer friends in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749033", "title": "GTU asks colleges to furnish students' daily attendance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has now made it mandatory for all 455 technical colleges to furnish attendance of its students on a day-to-day basis instead of once a year. Colleges will be required to send attendance details online every day.GTU registrar G P Vadodaria said the strict attendance norms have been enforced to ensure students fulfill the 75 per cent attendance mandatory criteria for eligibility to take university exams.GTU officials said that there are reports that many students complete only 40-45 per cent of the mandatory attendance. Since the university relied on details furnished by colleges, GTU has now decided to tighten its grip on the issue of attendance.\"GTU has provided a user ID and password to principals and department heads of each college. The attendance would be recorded online and sent to GTU which would then compute the total attendance itself,\" said Vadodaria.The daily attendance system has been implemented in degree and diploma engineering colleges from January 13 and 17 respectively. In MBA and MCA colleges, the system was implemented from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "11750038", "title": "Deadly games: 3 more die in Egypt", "text": "CAIRO: Police in Cairo set off salvos of tear gas and fired birdshot at protesters angry over a deadly soccer riot as fresh clashes on Egyptian streets killed three people on Friday, according to a doctor and health officials.One man died just feet away from the interior ministry , which has become a target for demonstrators furious that police failed to prevent a soccer riot that killed 74 people in the Mediterranean city of Port Said on Wednesday. It was the world's worst soccer violence in 15 years.Protesters angry over the deadly riot turned their rallies in Cairo and the city of Suez into a call for Egypt's ruling military council, led by Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi , to surrender power because of what they say is the military's mismanagement of the country's transition to democracy. More rallies were planned on Friday.A volunteer doctor said the man in Cairo died of wounds from birdshot fired at close range during clashes at dawn on Friday. The doctor said his field hospital close to Cairo's Tahrir Square was overwhelmed with injuries.Earlier on Friday, two protesters died by police gunfire in clashes with security forces in Suez, said health official Mohammed Lasheen. About 3,000 people had demonstrated in front of the city's police HQ and police fired tear gas and live ammunition, witnesses said. A third protester in Suez was critical.Suez city security chief denied the deaths there were from police gunfire. In Cairo, protests spiraled into violent clashes between the protesters and police late on Thursday as demonstrators charged toward the interior ministry, which oversees the police. Thousands threw rocks, and police responded with tear gas and birdshot.The interior ministry urged the protesters in a statement \"to listen to the sound of wisdom\" and prevent the spread of chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11753348", "title": "Prithviraj's unforgettable birthday cake", "text": "Prithviraj is naturally excited about his Bollywood debut - Aiyaa.\"The team is extremely passionate about the film and they are leaving no stone unturned to ensure the final product is nothing less than perfect,\" he says. The long duration of the shooting also ensured that Prithviraj was on the sets when he brought in his birthday last year. \"That's one birthday I can never forget. My role in the film is that of a south Indian, who is rather sensuous. Here, it is Rani, who actually fancies the guy and even pursues him romantically. I play the main lead, but portray characteristics that are usually attributed to the heroine, who brings in the glam quotient. Which is why, the cake that Rani brought for me had this written on it - Happy Birthday to the most handsome heroine,\" laughs Prithviraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747936", "title": "What became of adopted boy?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-year-old girl, who is battling for life at AIIMS, is not the only victim of the kidnapping-cum-adoption racket. Little is known about a baby boy, who was up for adoption and could be suffering a similar fate. This has been revealed by the 14-year-old girl, who had admitted the child in the hospital. Meanwhile, the baby's condition has improved a little and she was taken off the ventilator on Friday morning.In a statement made before the counsellors on Friday, the teenager said an unknown man - driver Rakjumar's friend - handed over the baby at the Govindpuri Metro station. \"The man said there are two babies - a boy and a girl. The boy was already adopted by someone else, so he asked Rajkumar if he wanted to adopt the girl,\" the girl said. The report of the counsellors has been included in the latest order of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC).The teenager also told the counsellor that during the last two months when she was with the baby, she beat her only once - on the night of January 17. Before this, she said, she was taking good care of the child.That night, when the baby did not stop crying, she slapped and bit her. She fed the baby some biscuits and after sometime, she fell asleep. When the baby woke up, she took her to the bathroom where the child slipped and fell facedown and injured her head and lips. The baby started bleeding profusely. She tied a bandage around her head but the wound became bigger and opened up more. After sometime, the baby fell asleep. In the meantime, the girl spoke to Rajkumar on phone. He advised her not to go to the hospital as it was late night.The next morning, the baby did not wake up. The teenager alerted the woman who used to work as a cleaner at the guest house, and the two took the baby to AIIMS.\"The incident could have been avoided had the real parents of the baby taken care of her and not abandoned her. It is unfortunate not just for the baby girl but also for the teenager as she feels guilty and sad for whatever has happened to the child,\" the CWC observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748242", "title": "Girl wants to stay with grandparents", "text": "MUMBAI: The seven-year-old girl, who is being admitted to Sion hospital with injuries she reportedly suffered at the hands of her stepmother, has asked the Dharavi police to call her grandparents to take her back to her hometown in Bihar. She has refused to return to her father Sujit Thakur's home at Shatabdi Nagar in Dharavi where her stepmother tortured and branded her with a hot spoon for almost two months.The Dharavi police have contacted the girl's grandparents in Bihar. \"They will reach Mumbai in a day or two to take care of their granddaughter. Earlier, the child stayed with her maternal grandparents in Bihar after her mother died three years ago,\" said Dharavi police inspector Milind Kurde.At the hospital, TOI learnt from a medical attendant of the children's ward that Sujit had not visited the child since Wednesday evening when the child was admitted there. \"The girl's uncle Rajesh was present there the whole day on Thursday. He stepped out of the hospital on Friday morning to finish some work,\" said the official. Dean of the hospital Sandhya Kamat said the girl's condition was stable. \"Proper care and treatment is being provided to her,\" she said.DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni has appointed constables outside the children's ward to provide security to the girl. \"The investigating officers have been asked to gather evidence and witnesses so that the accused and the girl's father, if found guilty, will be booked for causing grievous hurt,\" said Kulkarni.The victim's statement will be recorded soon. \"The girl's custody will be decided by the juvenile court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11748798", "title": "Fly ash sparks off health concerns", "text": "MANDYA: Fly ash billowing from Mysugar factory chimney is allegedly causing respiratory and skin problems, say residents of Mandya.Silkworm farmers within a radius of 3 to 4 km are bearing the brunt with the fly ash settling on their mulberry leaves. Beerappa, a farmer in Satanur village, says that the black-coloured thick fly ash pasted on mulberry leaves is posing a danger to silkworms. \"The silkworms fall ill and we lose the crop. It is painful to see the green mulberry taking on a black colour,\" he added.Medical practitioner Dr Shashikant says fly ash can cause respiratory problems and skin diseases as industrial ash is highly toxic. Swallowing fly ash particles causes respiratory problems and direct contact with it leads to skin rashes, he added.Mysugar company chairman Nagarajappa refuted allegations that his factory is spewing fly ash. In the backdrop of complaints on fly ash pollution, a defective boiler unit's operation was stopped. \"We stopped the operation of defective boiler unit,\" said NagarajappaHowever, Naganna, district president of zilla pourakarmikara okkoota alleged that the fly ash persists.\"ust wear a white shirt in the morning, by evening it would have turned black. Drinking water too has particles of fly ash in it,\" he explains.When TOI contacted district environment officer B M Prakash he said that he has received complaints from people and has spoken to Nagarajappa. \"He assured me that the defective boiler unit would be shut down. If I receive any complaints in the future, I will look into the matter\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11749337", "title": "Quit smoking, exercise regularly to stay away from cancer", "text": "ALLAHABAD: World Cancer Day would be celebrated on February 4 to create awareness among people and remove misconceptions about the dreaded disease.Leading oncologist of the city Dr BK Mishra has urged the people to make a pledge to join in the global fight against cancer - it is only through the joint effort of every person, organization, and government that the world would be able to reduce premature deaths from this devastating disease.Dr Mishra further said that the local major cancer problem in Allahabad region are oral cancer, cervical cancer, carcinoma breast &amp; carcinoma gall bladder. Oral cancer can be reduced by prevention of tobacco habits, cervical cancer can be reduced by mass HPV vaccination by government.In breast cancer , we can only increase survival by early detection with breast self examination in alI ages and with mammography above age of 40, he added.All other cancers are in minority but each need early detection and effective treatment with proper specialist.One in three cancer deaths can be prevented through changing lifestyle habits, such as eating healthily, exercising regularly, not smoking and reducing alcohol consumption.It is pertinent to mention that World Cancer Day observed on February 4 is the singular initiative under which the entire world can unite together in the fight against the global cancer epidemic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752665", "title": "A melange of dance and rhythm", "text": "It was evening made memorable by some brilliant dance recitals.While Odissi dancer Pompi Paul wove magic on stage, Kuchipudi by Sarbani Ghosh got a loud applause from the audience.Soon it was time for some exquisite Bharatanatyam by Malabika Sen and Mohiniyattam by Priyadarshini Ghosh Som.Kathak lovers were treated to a beautiful presentation by Rubena Chatterjee as well as Sandip Mallick and his group.One of the highlights of the evening was a contemporary dance recital by Sudarshan Chakrobarty and a Kuchipudi performance by Vikram Gaud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748189", "title": "245 file nominations", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 245 persons filed their nomination on Friday for the fifth phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh. So far, 718 candidates have fled their nomination papers for the fifth phase. On Friday, 14 candidates of Bharatiya Janata Party, eight of Bahujan Samaj Party, nine each of Indian National Congress and Samajwadi Party filed their nominations.A total of 205 independent candidates also filed their nomination papers on Friday. Saturday is the last day for filing nominations for the fifth phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly poll. Scrutiny will be done on February 6, while polling for the fifth phase will be done on February 23, 2012. Nominations were also filed for the sixth phase of assembly election in UP. As many as 41 candidates, 5 of BJP, 13 of BSP, two of Congress and one candidate of SP filed their nominations on Friday. Fourteen independent candidates also filed their nomination papers.In all, 49 nominations have been filed in the sixth phase till now. The last date for candidates to file their nominations for the sixth phase is February 9. Papers will be scrutinised on February 10, and the last date for withdrawing candidature is February 13. Polling for the sixth phase will be held on February 23, 2012. On Friday, only one person withdrew from the electoral fray for the fourth phase of assembly elections. Saturday is the last date for candidates to withdraw their nomination for this phase and polling will be held on February 19, 2012.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11748029", "title": "Man kills self in Yerawada", "text": "PUNE: A man working as a deputy registrar at the cooperative department allegedly committed suicide at the government quarters in Shastrinagar, Yerawada, on Friday morning.Laxman Dagadu Talpe (53) hung himself from the pipe on the terrace of his building.A suicide note, written by him, stated that he was committing suicide because of a prolonged illness and that no one was responsible for his death.Sub-inspector R B Mulani of the Yerawada police station said that the police went to the spot after a resident called up the police control room.The fire brigade was also summoned to remove the body.Mulani said Talpe lived with his wife and son on the top floor of 'K' building. Another son works for the government and lives in Satara. Talpe had recently undergone major surgeries on his back and his leg.The Yerawada police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747902", "title": "SMS will now be treated as train ticket", "text": "MUMBAI: Booking an outstation train ticket is much easier now. All it requires is a few keystrokes on your cellphone. The ticket comes in the form of an SMS, which can be shown to the ticket checker instead of a paper ticket.Railway officials said there was good response to the Mobile Rail Ticket Booking Service, which has been introduced by the IRCTC. Tickets can be booked on the mobile website: www.irctc.co.in/mobile.The IRCTC mobile website is convenient and easy to use, and can be accessed from any browser enabled mobile having basic GPRS activated on the phone.After initial registration and downloading the genuine IRCTC software on the mobile handset with internet facility, passengers can book a ticket through the mobile.After booking, the passenger will receive a reservation message with complete details of the ticket including PNR, Train No, date of journey, class, etc. This virtual message will be treated at par with the print-out of the e-ticketThe simple authorised SMS will have all the vital details, and when displayed through laptops/palmtops/mobile phones combined with valid photo-id in original shall be treated as a valid ticket, an official said. This will take paperless ticketing to the next level, he stated.Apart from booking a ticket, users can also make an inquiry through a mobilephone about a reservation, check the booked ticket's history (tickets whose date of Journey is due will be visible) or just cancel a ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748804", "title": "Stalin told to appear before court", "text": "CHENNAI: Former deputy chief minister M K Stalin has been issued a summons to appear before principal sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan on March 9 in connection with a defamation complaint filed by city public prosecutor M L Jegan on behalf of chief minister J Jayalalithaa.The complaint stated that Stalin had written to the director-general of police on December 2, 2011, levelling charges of land grabbing against the chief minister, and demanding legal action against her.Stalin had made \"false and malicious statements\" with intent to defame the chief minister, the prosecutor said in his complaint.He said that Stalin's statements, published by various newspapers, had caused \"irreparable damage to the reputation and honour of the chief minister, besides causing her mental agony\".The petition identified Stalin as the \"author or maker of the statement\", and said he had committed an offence punishable under Section 500 of the Indian Penal Code, defamation, punishable with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to two terms or with a fine or both. The publications had also committed a similar offence by \"editing, printing and publishing the defamatory news item,\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748480", "title": "'Govt plays important role in fighting malnutrition'", "text": "JAIPUR: Jay Naidoo, chair of the GAIN Board, South Africa said 60 million children in India are malnourished, which is higher than the total population of South Africa.Naidoo was in the city at the launch of fortified wheat flour and fortified edible oil for sale in open market. He said, \"Around 60% of India's total population is living below poverty line. These people are dependant on the government. So, government plays important role in the fight against malnutrition as it passes laws, regulations and policies. These people need high quality food rich in folic acid, iron and Vitamin A.\"Stressing on the importance of food fortification he said, \"Food fortification should be done in compliance with the WHO guidelines. The cost of fortification is virtually nothing.\"Naidoo, who was the minister for South Africa's Reconstruction and Development Programme (RDP) and communication minister in Nelson Mandela's cabinet said, \"The government has the technology and money to fight against malnutrition but it needs political will.\"He said that not only in India but also in other parts of the world, anaemic pregnant women give birth to underweight infants.GAIN was created in 2002 at a special session of the UN General Assembly on children. It supports public-private partnerships to increase access to the missing nutrients in diet necessary for people, communities and economies to be stronger and healthier. \"We set out in 2002, after the UN Summit on children that year, with a goal of reaching 1 billion people with more nutritious food,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "11750562", "title": "Arrested jail break accused spills beans on jail staff", "text": "SONIPAT: Suspicions about involvement of jail staff in the jailbreak incident here seem to have come true with the arrest of an escapee and his spilling the beans about the entire conspiracy. Police have arrested Pramod Kumar, one of the eight criminals, who had fled from the jail about two weeks ago.In a shocking disclosure, he has revealed that the jail's head warden, Jitender Singh, helped them in the jailbreak and provided them with sleeping pills, which they had administered to other inmates, mixing with tea. Singh, who has been missing for the last couple of days, has been booked for criminal conspiracy under section 120 B of the IPC on Friday. Police have launched a hunt to nab him.Sonipat DSP Surender Malik told TOI that Pramod, who belonged to Badmalik village in the district, was arrested from adjoining Jakholi, when he was on his way to meet a friend. \"Pramod is accused in the murder of Rajnish of his Badmalik village on August 17 last year and was arrested on August 27\", the DSP said. During interrogation, Pramod revealed that Jitender had supplied sleeping pills to his accomplices -- Sonu, Atender and Bholu -- who are still absconding.They mixed the pills with tea and served it to other inmates in particular barracks where the jail breakers were lodged. Other jail inmates in these barracks were in deep sleep when the accused managed to escape, after breaking the widow grills and scaling over the boundary wall on January 17 night.The DSP said they have got crucial clues about other escaped criminals and a special investigating team is on the job to track them down. \"The head warden has been added as an accused in the FIR and we have launched a hunt for him,\" he said, adding that names no other jail staff has cropped up in the investigation so far.The criminals facing charges in heinous crimes like murder, attempt to murder, robbery, abduction, etc., -- identified as Vijay, Pradeep and Surender of Rajpur, Atender of Kilorad, Rajbir and Manoj of Pugthala, Pramod of Badhmalik and Jaybir of Chamrara village in Panipat district -- had fled from the jail. Senior police officials had suspected the role of prison staff in the incident though police had failed to confirm the insider hand behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748133", "title": "Wanted: Real-time monitoring system", "text": "GURGAON: At a time when India is aggressively planning for more expressways to connect metros and economic growth hubs, Delhi-Gurgaon expressway has become a model for what should not be done.The road that is used by at least 3lakh vehicles every day, both tolled and non-tolled, doesn't even have a real time traffic monitoring and surveillance to preempt congestion and ensure speedy and safe movement of vehicles. Though the private concessionaire has placed some electronic information display boards, they mostly display general information like toll charges, dedicated tag lanes and traffic norms.Such a practice is quite common in developed countries. But even four years after the project was completed and despite daily traffic jams, nothing has been to inform people in advance so that they can take alternative routes and avoid snarls.The National Highway Authority of India's (NHAI) report also recommends use of technologies like real-time monitoring. \"When people are paying for it, they would not like to spend over an hour to cover the 28-km stretch. The developer must introduce new facilities to improve the efficiency of this road. In such situations, citing concession agreement provisions for every other suggestion is not a healthy reaction in the part of the developer,\" said a senior NHAI official.The report by an independent expert has recommended upgrading the operation system to an automated real time system with the use of traffic monitoring and surveillance technologies. It has also advocated an automated central control room with video incident detection system (VIDS) for 24X7 monitoring of the expressway.The report says that the state police should jointly manage the control room with the concessionaire's employees for timely intervention in case of any accident, violation of traffic laws. When asked, the concessionaire said: \"At present we have real-time surveillance systems at all the toll plazas. We are also exploring the option of a highway surveillance system. This system would have pan tilt zoom (PTZ) cameras which would be linked up with a centralized control room. Based on this, a 24X7 rapid response team would follow up on any problem to provide a more efficient solution.\"A spokesperson of Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) added that at present the toll collectors at the toll plazas inform the commuters about things like road conditions and fog etc. \"Apart from this, we have eight variable messaging systems (VMS) installed along the expressway to flash cautionary messages in advance. We are also looking at linking all the VMS systems to the central control room to further improve the response time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747912", "title": "Tihar death: Narcotics packet burst inside man\u2019s stomach", "text": "NEW DELHI: The postmortem examination of the 25-year-old undertrial who died in Tihar Jail on Sunday has revealed that he had ingested three packets of drugs and one of the packets had burst inside his stomach, causing his death due to drug overdose, said officials.\"During the postmortem examination, three small packets of drugs have been found inside his stomach and one of them had burst open. It is possible that the inmate was trying to smuggle the drugs inside the jail by swallowing them,\" said a senior Tihar Jail official.\"The inquest report will reveal whether he was forced into being a carrier or was doing it for his own private consumption. We will take action according to the magisterial report,\" the official said.According to sources, smuggling of contraband, especially drugs, is common through this method. \"Inmates smuggle drugs by ingesting them when they go for parole or for a court hearing and return and expel them out forcefully when alone. Then they use the drugs. It is difficult to catch them without body scanners as other security devices do not detect the drugs,\" said the official. However, how the inmate managed to procure the sedatives while in custody of guards is also a matter of concern.Tihar authorities were supposed to procure full body scanners after a government directive, but are yet to get even one. \"We are in the process of getting body scanners and the first one will be installed at the women's jail, where checking is comparatively more problematic,\" said Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta.Nayeem had died in mysterious circumstances in jail number 8 early Sunday morning. He was found frothing from his mouth and nose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11749679", "title": "Man goes to buy medicine for pregnant wife, killed", "text": "HUBLI: In a tragic incident, a 38-year-old man, who was on the way to buy medicines for his pregnant wife, was killed, when the bike on which he was riding was hit by another bike on Thursday in Vidyanagar in Hubli.Virupakshappa Budihal, a farmer at Fakkiranandihalli of Shiggon taluk in Haveri district was on his bike crossing the Hubli-Dharwad main road in Vidyanagar. He was headed to a medical shop to buy medicines for his pregnant wife, who was admitted at KIMS.A motorcycle hit him and he suffered severe head injuries. He was admitted to KIMS where he died. Northern traffic police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748512", "title": "When will I be a free man again?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: He is the longest serving prisoner languishing in Al Awir Central prison in Dubai. Paul George Nadar (67) of Parvathipuram bordering Kanyakumari district was arrested for murder in 1985 and sentenced to death in 1986. But the execution of prisoner number 2839 has been kept in abeyance by the Dubai government.Soaked in booze, Paul had committed a heinous crime. In a fit of rage, he killed nine members of a Pakistani family in October 1985. Even though his family paid the 55,000 UAE Dirham as blood money in 1996 and in return obtained a pardon letter (Tansseel) from the victims' family, he is still awaiting the mercy of the supreme ruler of the UAE.Since the law of the land does not allow parole for death convicts, Paul could never step out of the jail even for a day in the last 27 years. Over these years, his father died, his children Subbarajan and Sumitra grew up, and he could never meet his wife Mary till 2006. \"I didn't meet my father for the last 27 years and could not come home when he died two months ago. He was at pain thinking of my fate. There is no one to take my case even after I managed to get the pardon letter. I want to die in my soil. Will you please help me?\" said Paul George while speaking to TOI over phone from the Dubai prison.In 2006, Paul's son, who is now an electrical engineer, got a job in Sharjah. He along with mother and sister met Paul in the prison. \"I have only a vague memory of my father as I was just three when he came home for the last time. Since we couldn't afford going to Dubai to meet my father, we used to curse on our fate,\" said Subbarajan who completed his engineering course with the help of his relatives and the Church.The trauma of separation from family for such a long period and burden of remorse has taken a toll on his health. Last year Paul George suffered a heart attack and underwent a bypass surgery. The expense was met by the Dubai government. Till then Paul used to spend his time washing clothes and cooking foods for inmates. He used to send the money earned from this to his family. \"But since I have a heart condition, I am not asked to do anything,\" he said. Paul now wants atonement. \"I still cannot believe how I could do it. If I am freed, I will meet the members of that family,\" he said.\"My only relief is that now my son comes and meets me every week in jail. Even my daughter is here in Dubai. She has settled here after her marriage. But my wife is alone at home. She cannot travel as her health condition is very bad,\" he said. In the twilight of his life Paul just wants to live the rest of his time with his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748005", "title": "HC raps BMC over \u2018hurdles\u2019 for SevenHills", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Friday lambasted the BMC for putting hurdles in the way of SevenHills Hospital while granting a no objection certificate (NOC) for change of bank mortgage.BMC withdrew the NOC after a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka threatened to issue it a notice for contempt of court for distorting its November, 2011 interim order to issue a NOC.Hospital's counsel Venkatesh Dhond said as BMC has given it a conditional NOC, it is unable to get funds to complete the construction of the 300-bed hospital. The judges were miffed. \"We think, prima facie, it is making a mockery of our order,\" said Justice Bobde.BMC advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni said according to the tender, 20% of the hospital is to be run on a par with BMC. The judges said BMC can always negotiate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749710", "title": "Animal lovers get first aid kits", "text": "NAGPUR: Many times we see an injured animal limping along the road or writhing in pain in isolation. Most of us don't do anything, just walk past feeling sorry for the helpless creature. However, People for Animals (PFA), a local NGO decided to seek a solution to this problem, so they distributed first aid kits to animal lovers and organized a workshop on treating homeless animals.Five more NGOs, Shrishti Paryavaran Sanstha (SPS), Green Vigil, Vidarbha Sarp Sangh (VSS), CAC All Rounder and Help for Animals took part in the workshop along with other interested individuals.Dr Rajendra Mahajan and Dr Shirish Upadhyay, reputed veterinary surgeons of the city spoke during the workshop which was held in Maharashtra Veterinary Poly Clinic , Sitabuldi.\"We conducted this workshop so that the poor homeless animals get some respite if they are injured or sick. If people know what to do in such situations, it saves a lot of pain to the animals ,\" said Karishma Gilani of PFA.She also said that the 25 first aid kits which were sponsored by Rotary Innerwheel Club, Nagpur East and Sadhana Sahakari Bank, Jaripatka, contained special medicines and things required for animals apart from the usual items like bandage and cotton.Ameet Girhe of SPS said that the workshop cleared many small but critical doubts in regard to animal first aid. \"It was very helpful, especially for people without professional help,\" he said.\"The workshop enlightened us upon the handling of animals and the first aid kit included everything like appropriate medicines for injured animals and injections,\" said Daksha Borkar of Green Vigil. The workshop was later followed by a free anti-rabies vaccination camp.How to provide first aid to animals in distress?Gauge the situation and the animal's condition.Try and pacify the animal. Closing its eyes, talking in calm tones and offering food might help.Tie its mouth and make sure it stays put at the same place.If it is wounded, apply first aid. If the injury or illness is severe, call animal ambulance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747187", "title": "Stress on Gandhian model of economy for development", "text": "VARANASI: The Gandhian model of economy, underlining self-sufficiency of villages is the only way to attain sustainable development in this age of globalisation, vice-chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth P Nag said while inaugurating a two-day seminar on 'Sustainable development in the age of globalisation', jointly organised by commerce department of DAV PG College and the Institute of Development Studies , on Friday.Giving the example of Tanjamia model of villages in Zambia , the MGKV V-C highlighted that the development of these villages depended on production of agri-based rural economy rather than economic policies of the government. Speaking as guest, V-C of Vinoba Bhave University in Hazaribagh RN Bhagat said that the country lags behind in technical education apart from industrial and agricultural production as there is lack of market to sustain production.Presiding over the function, DAV College principal Satyadeo Singh emphasised that unemployment , poverty, malnutrition and corruption have hampered economic development of the country, besides widening the gap between have and have-nots. A total of 150 research papers were presented in two technical sessions on the inaugural day.A number of delegates and social activists were presented Vikas Ratna awards on the occasion. More than 500 participants from 16 states in the country are participating in the seminar. Senior faculty members, including seminar director Pradeep Kamal and secretary VKL Srivastava, were among those present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749412", "title": "BJP was aware of RP 2021 anomalies: NGOs", "text": "PANAJI: The forum of NGOs backing Zagrut Goemkarancho Ekvott (ZGE) has stated that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) cannot claim ignorance to the anomalies in the Regional Plan 2021 as former BJP MLA Rajesh Patnekar was an active a member of the town and country planning (TCP) board when the plan was framed.The ZGE is in possession of a document that shows that Patnekar was part of the 138th TCP board meeting, where the board decided on the contentious issue of the width of roads in RP 2021. The president of the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industries ( GCCI), Manguirish Pai Raikar, planners Rahul Deshpande and Bryan Soares were the non-officials members who were part of the meeting held on June 30, 2011.\"The BJP cannot claim now to be totally innocent when it comes to irregularities in the RP 2021. Opposition leader Manohar Parrikar cannot say that he was not aware of what changes were made in the RP 2021 when his own MLA Patnekar was part of the TCP board,\" said Prakash Bandodkar of Pilerne Citizens Forum.\"The BJP is demanding denotification of the RP 2021 and Laxmikant Parsekar is asking for the plan to be scrapped. It looks like the BJP president himself does not know what the party's stand is,\" Bandodkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6871314", "title": "Is sex the price women pay for relationships?", "text": "Recently, broadcaster and writer Stephen Fry made a controversial statement on female sexuality, saying that women do not enjoy having sex.He has been quoted saying: \"I feel sorry for straight men. The only reason women will have sex with them is that sex is the price they are willing to pay for a relationship with a man, which is what they want. Of course, a lot of women will deny this and say, 'Oh no, but I love sex, I love it!' But do they go around having it the way that gay men do?\"Most women have rubbished this belief. Rosie Boycott, journalist and feminist, has said the remarks were 'kind of rubbish'. A mediaperson Sulekha Sharma says, \"Since the time women realised the power to sustain their lifestyle with their own income and also had the choice to avoid pregnancies, she stopped paying for relationships with sex. Today, if a woman wants to get intimate with a man, she will make her way...perhaps just the way a man did decades ago.\"TOI spoke to a few women in the city about this.I don't think that sex is the price women pay for realtionships. If you are in a relationship then you have an emotional bonding with that person and it is not at all only about sex.Relationships are important but it is not true that woman will have sex in exchange of relationship. Relationships are a matter of the heart. One needs a person to share one's happiness and sorrows and for that emotional bonding is a necessity and men today are emotional as well as understanding just like women are.RukhsarWith due respect to Mr Fry, I don't think anybody needs to feel sorry for straight men. Look at all the gorgeous women in their lives... I agree women put relationships ahead of sex because they need to feel secure and a good relationship does make them feel secure. Somebody should tell Mr. Fry women do enjoy sex! Don't we all want a rocking sex life with the person we love... And yes a good bond always enhances sex and vice versa!Ashita DhawanI don't think women have to pay any price for anything. Relationships are important but it is a woman who can make or break it.Yashashri MasurkarYou only have sex with your partner when you are sure about your relationship. A relationship is not a business and involves feelings and emotions.No girl ever has to make any compromise for continuing any relationship these days. If a relationship is based on such conditions then it is not a relationship, it is a compromise.Shillpi SharmaI don't agree with this theory, as I believe women are far more aware of what they want and especially when it comes to sex, I feel women need sex as much as men do because its a natural instinct and desire... Sex is an important part of a relationship and feelings are always mutual....The belief that sex is not important is a dangerous and intimacy-eroding myth. Sex provides an important time-out from the pressures of our daily lives and allows us to experience a quality level of closeness, vulnerability and sharing with our partners...Women equally want a good sex life and cannot be made to sound like a victim....Rochelle FereiraI think women are financially independent and strong emotionally and they wouldn't stick in a marriage if they are ill-treated or unhappy. Sex is not just a means to stay in a relationship nor a reason. Women also have one night stands or would have sex if they enjoy it and it is a part of a relationship.Payal RohatgiFor men sex is like brushing their teeth. Its a biological need which is their weekness. I am not saying women don't have the urge but we crave for security and comfort that a relationship offers. Guess men are from mars and women from venus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748506", "title": "Trams not an option", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After much deliberations, Chandigarh administration has out rightly rejected any possibility of introducing tram system as mode of public transport in city on the grounds that the system is rigid and requires overhead cables and poles thus impinging upon aesthetic beauty of city. The decision to reject trams was taken after the opinion of RITES, which is consultant for preparation comprehensive mobility plan for mass transport system of city. RITES has recommended that instead of trams, bus rapid transit is better option.Importantly, UT was exploring the possibility of introducing trams in city in pursuance of directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court given on November 11, 2010 asking UT to consider trams as mode of public transport. Following this UT had asked RITES to give its opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748378", "title": "Image conscious parties shun criminals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Criminalization of politics seems to be nearing a full circle this election. Since its inception in mid 80s, it's perhaps for the first time that most of the underworld's top names will launch their political innings as independent or candidates of small regional parties, after being denied tickets by the top political outfits.Be it Munna Bajrangi, his fellow don Mukhtar Ansari or their bete-noire Birjesh Singh, not one could manage a ticket from any of the leading political parties this time. The situation is no different fro mafia-turned politician from Rae Bareilly Akhilesh Singh, jailed don-turned politico Atiq Ahmed who is in fray from Phoolpur assembly constituency and sitting BSP MLA Jitendra Singh Babloo.Mukhtar Ansari, who was a party-hopper and has been associated with the Samajwadi Party (SP) and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), is in the fray as a candidate of a lesser known party, that has been floated by his elder brother Afzal Ansari. Brijesh Singh, presently lodged in jail, is from Sayyadraja constituency as a Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party candidate. Another don, Premprakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi, who is an accused in the Krishna Nand Rai murder case, is set to contest from Mandiahu assembly seat in Jaunpur either as an Independent candidate or from any of the fringe parties.Akhilesh was with the Congress before switching over to the Peace Party, not only to contest election as a candidate but also to be the general secretary of the outfit. A lesser known political outfit, the Peace Party, had shot into prominence after it bagged two seats during the by-polls in Uttar Pradesh during the Mayawati regime. Jitendra Singh alias Babloo, a sitting BSP MLA, too is in the fray as a Peace Party candidate after being shown the door by the BSP while others apparently refused to welcome him. Atiq Ahmed is in fray on an Apna Dal ticket.Political analysts say the change is subtle, but evident. Call it a result of the Anna effect or mounting social pressure, the major political parties are weary of sharing the stage with alleged hardcore criminals desperate for forays into politics. This belief stems from the fact that BJP leaders who welcomed Babu Singh Kushwaha of BSP into the party fold had to face stiff resistance from within the party and became a punching bag for the rival political parties.Around the same time, an emphatic \"no\" to mafiaturned-politician D P Yadav of Western UP by Samajwadi Party (SP) state president Akhilesh Singh Yadav helped the SP to shun the image of being a party infested with \"criminal polticians\".Despite the fact that SP had given tickets to mafia-turnedpoliticians Abhay Singh and Vijay Misra, both of whom are in jail for heinous crimes, could not shadow the message that SP wanted to send across by showing the door to DP Yadav.The change has not come over-night. It had started off in 2009 general elections as well, at least in Uttar Pradesh where of the top 15 mafia turned-politicians in fray in UP, nine lost the elections. Of these, five were sitting MPs.The list included some top names like the sitting SP MP from Phulpur Atiq Ahmad, sitting SP MP from Ghazipur Afzal Ansari who contested on a BSP ticket along with Akshay Pratap Singh alias Gopalji and Mitrasen Yadav, -both of them were sitting SP MPs who contested on BSP tickets.It is not that the total number of candidates with criminal records was sure to go down as compared to the 2007 assembly polls because every political party has a host of candidates with dubious background for the 2012 polls. But the fact that some of the topranking dons have been rendered political untouchables is an encouraging sign, says former Director General of Police (DGP) UP K L GuptaUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11750076", "title": "Talks between JSPL, Angul villgers peaceful", "text": "ANGUL: The stalemate at the Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) plant in Angul seems to be over after talks between the affected villagers, the JSPL and the district administration here on Friday ended peacefully. The JSPL authority has reportedly agreed to fulfil 13 of the 20 demands of the villagers mentioned in their charter.The agitation by villagers affected by the JSPL plant began ten days back, when they demanded proper compensation for their land, permanent jobs and other rehabilitation measures. The agitation, however, turned violent when JSPL security men attacked the villagers on the plant premises on January 25 while they were demonstrating peacefully.About 150 persons, including many women, were injured in the attack. Friday's high level meeting was conducted by the district administration at the Angul DRDA conference hall.A crucial tripartite meeting was called on Wednesday by the district administration to solve the crisis, but that failed to yield any result as the meetting was cancelled due to difference between the district administration and the affected villagers over the presence of media persons.After Friday's meeting was over, the district collector, Siba Mishra, told media persons the meeting was held cordially and ended peacefully with the JSPL management agreeing to fulfil most of the demands of the villagers. Some demands, which couldn't be sorted out, would be discussed later, after the Panchayat election is over, the collector added.According to the decision, the district administration reportedly agreed to conduct for a fresh socio-economic survey as some of the families were allegedly left out of the affected people's list prepared by the administration, and identity cards would be provided to the each of the affected families in six months time, the collector said. All corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities will be underaken and proper rehabilitation measures would be taken sincerely, sources added.Rajesh Jha, the executive director, JSPL, said after the meeting, \"The JSPL will provide all financial assistance to those injured and admitted to different hospitals. Regarding permanent jobs, he said the affected people will be absorbed in the project phase wise. We are quite satisfied with the discussion with the people today\".Jha added 255 affected persons have been absorbed in the project till now. Another 94 affected persons would be provided jobs soon.How ever, the affected people, who were present at the meeting, resented as some of their major demands couldn't be fulfilled. Demands like permanent job and Rs 50 lakhs per acre compensation for their land couldnt be decided in the meetting.Akshaya Kumar Samanta, a member of the Birankeswar Silpanchala Khystigrasta Praja Sangha (BSKPS), said, \"We will discuss the matter again after the panchayat polls. We haven't yet decided whether to continue with our agitation. We will convene a meeting to finalize that.\" maintained.Angul SP Satyabrata Bhoi, Sub-collector Sdarshana Parida, additional district magistrate Debaraja Senapati and senior JSPL officials were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748218", "title": "Police to file FIR against hoax callers", "text": "MUMBAI: The police in the Mulund-Vikhroli belt have decided to register an FIR if anyone makes a hoax call saying they had spotted a thief running on the roofs of houses at night. The decision was taken after the police received several such calls from Bhandup, Mulund and Vikhroli.The officials said from now, callers would be summoned to the police station and asked to describe the alleged thieves. \"If we find that the person was giving wrong information, necessary steps will be taken against them,\" said the police.Owing to the calls about the alleged thieves, residents have been spending sleepless nights and patrolling their areas. On Friday, the Mulund and Kanjurmarg police summoned two callers. \"Based on their descriptions, sketches are being prepared and an FIR has been registered against the suspects,\" said ACP (Mulund) Mahadev Gundewadi.Mulund senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav said rumours about thieves are sending a wrong message to the people. The matter worsened on Wednesday when people in Mulund caught a Mira Road resident, Guddu Kumar (30), and beat him up suspecting him to be the thief.\"Kumar right leg has been fractured,\" said DCP Sanjay Shintre. \"More officials are deployed at night to patrol the locality and has been directed to beat up anyone found moving around suspiciously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749786", "title": "'Don't allow Churchill to contest'", "text": "MARGAO: Demanding that Navelim MLA and PWD minister Churchill Alemao not contest the upcoming elections in view of recent allegations against him regarding alleged illegal PWD tenders, the Navelim BJP Mandal bitterly criticized the sitting MLA.BJP members told mediapersons on Friday that the people of Navelim needed a clean candidate and further demanded that Alemao come out in the open regarding his involvement in the alleged scam.\"The allegations against the Navelim MLA must be investigated immediately and we feel that on these grounds, he should not contest the upcoming elections,\" said Damodar Naik, Navelim BJP mandal president.The vice president of the National Student Union of India (NSUI), Goa unit Sunil Kawthankar had accused Alemao of allegedly awarding illegal tenders. Navelim BJP mandal members alleged that the PWD department had awarded tenders worth 10 lakh each for repairing nullahs in several wards of Rummdamol panchayat twice in six month and alleged that Alemao was behind such irregularities. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11749569", "title": "Meekin often called kids to chamber: panel", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR) is investigating whether Trio World School was aware that sacked headmaster Paul Meekin had been misbehaving with his students and yet chose not to take action during his one-and-a-half-year stint.The investigators are baffled how Meekin's tendency to summon children 6-7 times a day to his chamber had not come to the notice of other teachers. They fear the teachers might have kept quiet fearing reprisal.Trio World School spokesperson Biswajeet Bhattacharya told TOI: \"I don't know if anyone knew about Paul's misdeeds earlier. But the school management was not approached with any complaint. The moment we got to know of his misdeeds, we initiated action against him.\"Police arrested Meekin after the parents of a student complained he was forcing the boy to speak about sex and posting indecent messages through social networks. The school subsequently sacked him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11750402", "title": "Manappuram posts 117% profit jump in Q3", "text": "KOCHI: Repeating its sterling performance during the September quarter, Manappuram Finance Ltd posted 117 per cent increase in net profit after tax at Rs 161.37 crore during the third quarter ending December 31, 2011, from Rs 74.53 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.Total income of the Thrissur-based company in the third quarter increased 121 per cent to Rs 733.10 crore from Rs 330.47 crore during the comparable period of the previous year.The board of directors of the company approved the declaration of interim dividend at a rate of Rs 0.50 per equity shares of Rs 2 each (25 per cent) for 2011-12. February 14, 2012 has been fixed as record date for payment of interim dividend for 2011-12.The company's aggregate gold loan disbursements during the quarter increased to Rs 10,371.80 crore, compared to the amount of Rs 5,575.24 crore disbursed during the third quarter of the previous fiscal. Accordingly, the company registered a growth of 90 per cent in total Assets under Management (AUM) which went up to Rs12,358.21 crore from Rs 6,516.15 crore earlier.Operating income for the quarter moved up by 120 per cent to Rs 726.40 crore compared to Rs 329.63 crore earlier. Profit before tax (PBT) for the quarter increased to Rs 239.54 crore (Rs 111.49 crore) while provision for income tax stood at Rs 78.17 crore (Rs 36.96 crore).The company opened 235 new branches during the quarter taking its national network to 2,738 branches spread across 20 states and 4 Union Territories. A net total of 1.41 lakh customers was added during the quarter, extending the total customer base to 16.60 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749654", "title": "Will oppose Babush in St Cruz: Muslim residents", "text": "PANAJI: Muslim residents of Indiranagar, Chimbel, on Friday, took objection to the strong possibility of the Congress St Cruz ticket being given to Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and endorsed the same for sitting MLA Victoria 'Mummy' Fernandes.Speaking to reporters, Chimbel resident Sheikh Mauli Ali said Muslim residents have decided not to support any \"outside candidate\", but have decided to support \"any local candidate\".\"We demand that the Congress ticket should be given to Mummy or else to minority leader Urfan Mulla,\" said Aslam Khan, another resident. \"We have around 4,500 Muslim voters in St Cruz and we want development in the constituency,\" he added.Asked what they would do if the ticket is not given to either, Fernandes or Mulla, Khan said, \"We will hold a meeting in Chimbel to decide our course of action.\"While Fernandes or her son Rudolf may contest as an independent if denied the Congress ticket, Margao-based Congress minority cell leader Mulla is seeking a party ticket in St Cruz. Earlier, the St Cruz Block Congress Committee had also objected to the constituency ticket to Monserrate.Goa Assembly Elections 201 2Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "workshop", "code": "11747255", "title": "Two-day international workshop to be held by BHU", "text": "Workshop: A two-day international workshop on 'Post Economic Meltdown Era - Challenges and Strategies' will be conducted by the Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from Saturday at K N Udupa Auditorium.Exhibition: Department of Applied Arts, Faculty of Visual Arts, BHU is going to organise an annual art exhibition from February 6 to February 8 in the art gallery of the department.Seminar: Bhojpuri Study Centre, BHU is going to inaugurate a two-day national seminar on 'Contribution of Rahul Sankritayan in the development of Bhojpuri language' at the study centre on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11750312", "title": "As city grows, rents hit the roof", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Buoyed up by the developmental projects such as IT parks and rising migration, the house and flat owners in the district are pushing up their house rents. In the last two years, the average rent for a two bedroom house in the city has increased to Rs 5,000 from Rs 2,500. The rent for a single bedroom house has increased from Rs 1,500-2,000 to Rs 3,500-4,500.Gone are the days when houses remained vacant after occupants left. \"Now 5-6 people approach me every day to for rented house,\" said K V Antony, who owns a two-storied house in East Hill. Houses in areas such as West Hill, East Hill, Karaparamba, Chakorathukulam and Nadakkavu have witnessed a steep rise in rents thanks to presence of Government Engineering College and the Central School.The rent is expected to increase further once the IT parks start functioning. The lack of hostel facilities in the Government Engineering College has also resulted in an increase in rent.The rent for flats too has witnessed a steep rise. The rent of a two bedroom flat has increased from Rs 4,000-5,000 a few years ago to Rs 15,000. Flat owners charge Rs 20,000 as rent for a three bedroom flat. A few years ago it was just Rs 7,000.According to a broker who arranges rented houses the rent is low in areas such as Mankavu and Kallai compared to northern areas in the city. \"Owners demand higher rent for ground floor,\" he said.Once the UL Cyber Park and Government Cyber Park starts functioning fully, house rents in Thondayad and nearby areas are expected to sky rocket again.A new highThe rent for a two bedroom house has increased to Rs 5,000 from Rs 2,500For single bedroom it is Rs 3,500-4,500For a two bedroom flat the rent is Rs 15,000For three bedroom flats, owners charge up to Rs 20,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747864", "title": "Tariq was in charge of IM finances", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a three-month-long hunt for Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh, the special team of Delhi Police has struck gold with the arrest of 34-year-old Mohammad Tariq Anjum Hasan from Bihar, the No. 4 in IM's Indian operations.Suspected to be attached to Indian Mujahideen (IM) since its formation in 2003, he has close links with Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal in Pakistan, the main heads behind the terror organization, and is a close friend of Shahrukh, the outfit's Indian operation boss.The cops said Tariq was one of the six most wanted men of IM who were involved in the terror attacks in Pune, Bangalore, Delhi's Jama Masjid and Mumbai over the last few years. The police, who had brought him to Delhi on a transit remand, produced him at a local court on Friday and got 14 days of police remand.A civil engineer by profession, Tariq reportedly became a SIMI member in 1998, but after it was banned in 2001, he joined hands with Riyaz and Iqbal. Sources say he is one of the founder members of IM and used to receive all the funds, which came through hawala from Pakistan, for terror operations. Tariq, originally from Nal anda, Bihar, completed his engineering degree from Anjuman Engineering College at Bhatkal in Karnataka.\"He knows Shahrukh since 2002 and knew about every attack Shahrukh has orchestrated,\" said a top official. Officials added that Tariq had managed to slip away from Delhi when the police arrested seven IM members and raided a factory in Meer Vihar in November. \"He was initially hiding here but later moved to Nalanda,\" said a source.Sources said Tariq, a top ideologue of IM, had been involved in terror activities from 1998, when he had gone to Bhatkal. He was part of the select five (along with the Bhatkal brothers, Shahrukh and Kolkata American Center attack plotter Amir Rezza Khan) who had conceptualized and got a series of explosions executed across India since 2006.With his arrest, the team of DCP Ashok Chand and ACP Sanjeev Yadav believe that they will be able to arrest several veteran IM members whose names have not come out yet. \"As he is a founder member, he must be knowing about all the operatives like Shahrukh who were initially inducted in the group and who have knowledge about IM's operatives, hideouts, hawala dealers, logistic providers and modules,\" said a source.Tariq mainly recruited youths for the organization and helped Shahrukh in operations. He first met the Bhatkal brothers in 1998, when they were also members of the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI). After the ban on SIMI, they decided to rename the setup and that's when Tariq met Shahrukh in 2002.Chand told TOI that Tariq was held from Kajpur Mohalla in Nalanda town. Sources claimed the cops got to know about Tariq, employed with a civil engineering firm here, during interrogation of IM accused Gauhar Aziz Khomani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748154", "title": "Journalists reiterate demand for new law", "text": "MUMBAI: Journalists on Friday warned chief minister Prithviraj Chavan that if his government fails to introduce a stringent law to prevent attacks on journalists, they will knock on the doors of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to press for their demand.\"Chavan had assured journalists that he will make efforts to introduce a bill during the ensuing budget session of the state legislature. If he fails, we will call on the PM,\" S M Deshmukh, convener of the action committee for prevention of attack on journalists, said.To protest against the attack on the TOI building on January 28, many journalists staged demonstrations at Azad Maidan. On January 28, supporters of Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul had attacked the TOI building over an article in Maharashtra Times.IBN-Lokmat editor Nikhil Wagle said, \"I have seen several attacks on journalists in my career. Even I was attacked on many occasions, but the approach of the government is lackadaisical. Most of the attackers are politicians. Thegovernment is reluctant to take action against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747723", "title": "Star campaigners' list more like a men's club", "text": "MUMBAI: Political parties were expected to project more women star campaigners as there's 50% reservation of seats for women in the civic polls. Women voters may be crucial for the elections but the star campaigners' list of political parties is more like a men's club.Leaders, cutting across party lines, said lack of women star campaigners does not indicate that political parties are finding it difficult to project women leaders. The list, for most parties, has been drawn up on the basis of organizational hierarchy.Barring the Congress, no political party has named more than three women in their lists of 20 star campaigners. The Shiv Sena and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) have named only one each-Dr Neelam Gorhe and Kiran Alhat.The Sena, known for its strong women's wing, said the list was prepared as per the organizational hierarchy, with the Thackeray family leading the party. Sena secretary Anil Desai said, \"Our senior and deputy leaders have been named in the campaign list. They will also campaign for district elections. Our women's wing leaders will manage campaigning at the local level.\"The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have only three women leaders in their lists. For the MNS, the party will largely depend on its chief Raj Thackeray's popularity, and Shilpa Sarpotdar, Shalini Thackeray and Reeta Gupta, who have been named, are part of the party's women's wing. Senior party leader Nitin Sardesai said, \"We have selected them on the basis of their campaigning ability. People will vote for Raj Thackeray .\"Elections in other states have proved to be the bane for the BJP, which has lost out on firebrand leaders like Uma Bharti , who is campaigning for the Uttar Pradesh elections. BJP's star campaigners include Sushma Swaraj , Smruti Irani and Neeta Kelkar. Party leader Vinod Tawde said, \"We would have projected more national women leaders had the assembly elections not been there in other states. However, the list only includes those who will travel by plane and in choppers.\"Of all parties, the Congress seems to be in a better position. While as per election commission norms, a party can declare 20 names as star campaigners to get permission to travel in poll-bound areas, the Congress has listed 31, including Priya Dutt , Varsha Gaikwad, Sudha Joshi, Janet D'Souza and Nagma Morarji.The party plans to come with an amended list which could include Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and former parliamentarian Renuka Chowdhury. Congress state vice-president Rajiv Chavan said, \"It is a tentative list. Voters will certainly see more of our national leaders. We are awaiting confirmation from Dikshit and Chowdhury.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11750783", "title": "Six schools get land for 99 years at Cujira", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has signed 99-year lease agreements with six Panaji schools to provide the managements with land at the Cujira school complex on the outskirts of the state capital. The schools have been given a threeyear period to establish infrastructure on the land.\"With the lease agreement signed, schools can begin construction on the plots allotted to them, following norms set. Schools will be given three years to complete construction,\" education director Anil Powar told TOI.The school complex at Cujira, Bambolim, aims at decongesting the city and providing facilities schools are currently not able to provide students with due to space constraints in Panaji. The complex also aims at providing safety to students from traffic hazards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11750258", "title": "Boom time for illegal sand mining", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the city's construction sector flourishing, illegal sand mining and misuse of sand passes have spawned a multi-crore business, setting off a range of social, legal and environmental issues.Though Nirman, an online sand distribution system introduced in the district in July 2010 to streamline mining and distribution of river sand, has brought in a degree of transparency, it has not been able to meet the demand of the construction industry.The Kozhikode Corporation has been allotting passes for 8,437 tonnes of sand per month; however, the construction sector requires five times that quantity. With only limited tokens available under the online system, consumers are forced to rely on black market. And it thrives because even sand allotted through legal passes gets diverted to it and is sold at thrice the original price.The Corporation currently has a six-month backlog in distributing sand through Nirman system with passes currently being issued to those who applied last September.A 5-tonne truck load of sand sourced through official channels costs around Rs 2,800. In the black market the same quantity is sold at Rs 8,000. And the huge demand and supply gap has spawned a parallel economy with the active collusion of political parties, law enforcement agencies and workers involved in illegal mining.But depending on the online distribution system may not help one procure the required quantity in time. \"I was not able to get enough sand to build my house in time through the system, said Pavithran a city dweller who had to buy the material at Rs 2,000 per tonne from illegal market to complete his house. He was allotted 45 tonnes of sand by the Corporation, but got only 7 tonnes as a first instalment. Since he couldn't afford to wait another three months for the next allotment, he approached the black market.\"\"The sand mafia is one of the most organized bodies with clout among political parties, organized labour and even enforcement departments. They have been trying to silence all who oppose their activities. Even police officials have been victims of violence unleashed by them, said environmentalist Prof T Sobheendran. Some panchayats have been allowing sand mining much above permitted levels, he said. There are many illegal miners operating along the banks of the Chaliyar River who have taken riverside plots for rent and are carrying out mining at night.C Dinil Sonu, scientist at the Surface Water Division of the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM), said owing to large scale mining from the five rivers in the district, river banks had slumped and surface and groundwater levels gone down. The Kuttiyadi River is the worst affected, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749352", "title": "Anand Agricultural University begins genetic study of flamingos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Are Lesser Flamingos of India and South Africa genetically similar? The animal genetics &amp; biotechnology laboratory at Anand Agricultural University (AAU) has initiated a genetic study of the Lesser Flamingos in Gujarat. Further, the findings of this study will be compared with those conducted by European scientists on African flamingos.B M Parasharya, a research scientist (ornithology) along with D N Rank, in association with AAU, has taken up the project to conduct this study.Dr David Harper from University of Leicester, England, and professor Crosa with Dr Zaccara - who had recently attended the second Global Bird Watchers Conference held in January, are the European scientists, who will take part in the comparative study.Parasharya said that the study of genetics of African Lesser Flamingos has been conducted in the past abroad. \"Their current mission is to compare their findings with the genetics of Indian flamingos, which are being studied from the feathers,\" he said.He also said that Harper and Crosa were satisfied with the facilities for genetic analysis housed at AAU. The universities signed a letter of agreement fostering this collaboration to enable future development.Parasarya said, \"Lesser flamingos are distributed in the Rift valley of East Africa , South Africa while a small population lives in western Africa. The Asian population, which is second largest one in the world, is restricted to Gujarat and some other parts of the country.\"However, there is no scientific data available to support or reject the hypothesis to prove that the flamingos keep fluctuating seasonally as well as annually. This is a sign ofintra-continental migratory movement of flamingos.The proposed study will provide data to prove or reject the hypothesis. Studies carried out by Zaccara suggested that flamingo populations in east and South Africa are not genetically isolated. The comparative study being carried out at Anand - with Zaccara's findings, will throw new light on the migratory movements of the species.He said that the conclusion derived after the study will be helpful in conservation planning and identifying conservation priority areas for the species.How It Will Be Studied:Microsatellite DNA and mtDNA sequences are used to compare genetic affinity of closely related avian species. A comparison of a fragment of DNA from bird tissue provides tremendous information on phylogenic relationship between species and also among various populations of a same species. For extraction of DNA from bird tissue, shaded feathers are just enough. To study the extent of connectivity of these populations through genetic analysis is a less expensive method than studying migratory movement using rings or satellite transmitters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747252", "title": "Cervical cancer kills 1 Indian every 7 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: One woman dies every seven minutes of cervical cancer. Breast cancer claims one life every 10 minutes. In 2025, these cancers will kill one victim each in 4.6 and 6.2 minutes.The figures and projections are for India by Globocan 2008, a software prepared by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). The software is updated every few years to help public health officials to prepare a battle plan against cancer.India clearly needs to fine-tune its anti-cancer strategies. In 2008, 72,825 women died of cervical cancer and 53,592 of breast cancer. There are region-wise nuances: while all-India statistics show that cervical cancer is the deadliest for women, breast cancer is the biggest worry in the metros.\"In villages, there is poor hygiene (especially genital), which explains the higher incidence of cervical cancer. But in cities, the incidence of breast cancer is increasing due to late pregnancy, shorter period of breastfeeding and, mainly, obesity. These factors are not present in villages,\" said Dr Rajan Badwe, director, Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH).Experts say corrective steps can be taken to beat the projections. Devieka Bhojwani, vice-president, Women's Cancer Initiative of the TMH, said women today-even in rural areas-do not step back from getting themselves checked.\"Early detection is going up. Cervical cancer, because of better awareness about hygiene, is going down in rural India. Breast cancer rates in urban areas, however, are reaching alarming proportions,\" said Devieka.With a vaccine available for cervical cancer, there is further hope. \"Now that it has been introduced in India, cervical cancer can be avoided. The vaccine can be given to any girl in the age group of 10-26 years-before she starts sexual contact. The efficacy is more than 90%,\" said Dr Indu Ambulkar, consultant oncologist, Seven Hills Hospital.\"Cancer cure and survival rates are much better in women as compared to men. Slowly, we can score over cancer and there is nothing to be dreaded about the C-word anymore,\" Bhojwani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11750588", "title": "\u2018Manish can make anyone laugh\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The one with the violent streak is Suyash, a resident of BRS Nagar. ''But don't be fooled by looks. He seems like an angry guy but has a very caring attitude. Suyash likes to keep a low profile, enjoys solitude and does not speak too much. However, when it comes to meeting the gang, he is always the first one to arrive at the meeting point,'' says Manish, a resident of Sekhewal.For once Suyash comes out of his silent shell and charges against Manish. ''Now, Mr Laughing Buddha , don't get me angry! Manish can make anyone laugh on any stupid thing. He is very good at making and maintaining friendships. We always pick on him for our jokes but Manish never gets angry. He is our 24X7 man, always there for us,'' says Suyash. The last man standing is also quickly brought down. ''Ujjwal aka Maggi should have been born in China. He loves all things Chinese, particularly food and even his hair is curly like Chinese noodles. He is very down to earth and the planner in our group, he decides everything, keeps us all moving and refreshes memories. Even this party was his baby,'' says Shubham, adding that he is very thankful.Ask him what memory of their friendship he would take along to the foreign land and Shubham takes a moment before sharing about a time they had gone to Ludhiana beach on Hamra Road. ''On our way back we saw water gushing out of a pipe in a field. We threw off our clothes, cell phones and everything, forgetting where we were, and jumped into the water. Suddenly, the field's owner arrived and had to grab our things and run for our lives, all wet and slushy,'' he says, while the others give high fives at the memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749824", "title": "NSUI wants Kawthankar expelled for complaints against Cong ministers", "text": "PANAJI: In a rather curious development, the state unit of the National Students Union of India (NSUI) has sought that its state vice president Sunil Kawthankar be expelled from the NSUI for 'anti-party activities'.Kawthankar had alleged corruption by Congress ministers in the state cabinet. The former NSUI chief has accused PWD minister Churchill Alemao of large-scale corruption and also filed a criminal complaint in this regard.He had earlier targeted home minister Ravi Naik, alleging Naik's involvement in the drug nexus in the state and demanding a CBI probe.NSUI Goa president Hasiba Amin has said that \"the state NSUI has written to the national NSUI team recommending that Kawthankar be expelled from the organisation\". \"There has been huge pressure from all sides that he be expelled,\" he added.\"He should be taking up students issues, but he has completely tarnished the NSUI name in Goa by making baseless allegations (against Congress ministers),\" Amin said.Amin said Kawthankar was seeking the Congress ticket from Porvorim and was timing his allegations to blackmail Congress ministers into giving him the ticket.She claimed Kawthankar was being backed by Goa Vikas Party (GVP) chief Mickky Pacheco. Amin also acknowledged that the newly elected NSUI executive committee she heads was backed by Churchill's daughter Valanka Alemao.NSUI national delegate David Aguiar said, \"We have NSUI code of conduct. We have a hierarchy.\"Without consulting the NSUI president, Amin has gone to the press (with allegations of Alemao's corruption), he added.Vilfredo Andrade, also a NSUI national delegate, felt Kawthankar was working against the Congress' interests with polls approaching. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11752101", "title": "Protestors demand release of 'Prisoners of Conscience'", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: As scores of well-dressed people entered the Palace of Fine Arts here January 26 to attend Republic Day celebrations, a small group of protestors gathered outside the entrance to demand the release of two \"prisoners of conscience.\"School teacher Soni Sori, 35, and her nephew, journalist Linga Kodopi, 25, have been held by Chhattisgarh police since October 2011 for their alleged collusion with Maoist rebels in the region.Sori and Kodopi are accused of transferring $300,000 from the Essar mining company to Maoist rebels.Amnesty International has declared Sori and Kodopi to be \"prisoners of conscience\" and has petitioned the Indian government to immediately and unconditionally release the pair.While in prison, Sori was allegedly brutally tortured by Chhattisgarh police. A medical examination revealed severe spinal cord damage and stones pushed into her genitals.Protests to release Sori and Kodopi were simultaneously held in London Jan. 26 and in Philadelphia; Washington, D.C.; Austin, Texas; Boston, Mass.; and San Jose, Calif., last weekend. Demonstrations will be held this weekend in Columbus, Ohio and Dallas, Texas.\"We want to put a stop to torture,\" Balaji Narasimhan, one of the organizers of the San Francisco protest, told India-West. \"As Indian Americans, we find injustices like this to be a huge blemish on our India, a country we are all otherwise justifiably very proud of,\" he added.\"Republic Day is a day to celebrate the Indian Constitution. We use the occasion to remind ourselves and others of the fundamental rights it guarantees - rights like the right to life, personal liberty and the due process of law - to all people, especially the most vulnerable of the people of India,\" said Narasimhan.The small group initially gathered at the entrance to the Palace of Fine Arts, but was asked to move from the public space by consular officials, according to Narasimhan. The group then moved about 150 feet away from the entrance and handed out flyers and gathered signatures on a petition as people walked over to the Republic Day celebrations inside.Asti Bhatt, another organizer of the San Francisco protest, told India-West that at least one attendee felt the demonstration made India \"look bad.\"\"According to him, the instances of human rights violations in India are not institutionalized or systemic in India but are one-off instances,\" she said.Human Rights Watch, a non-profit organization tracking human rights violations throughout the globe, issued its \"World Report\" Jan. 24, citing several instances of police torture and custodial killings in Jammu and Kashmir and in Maoist stronghold regions.\"India has yet to repeal laws or change policies that allow impunity from human rights violations, and has failed to prosecute even known perpetrators of serious abuses,\" noted the report.Human rights activists in Maoist regions seeking accountability for arbitrary arrests, torture and killings have themselves come under threat from both Naxalite forces and the police, noted the report. Naxalite forces have killed 250 civilians and have targeted schools and hospitals for bombings, according to the report, which added that government forces have killed at least 180 Naxalites in the past year.Inadequate government oversight in Chhattisgarh has led to international mining companies haphazardly destroying farmlands, polluting vital water supplies and creating serious health and environmental hazards, stated Human Rights Watch in its annual report.Courtesy: India West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752260", "title": "Mugdha Godse detained at Mumbai airport", "text": "Mugdha Godse's Dubai trip was surely one trip to remember. Not for the right reasons though. The trip that began with her luggage being lost at the Dubai International Airport, ended with the actress being detained by the customs at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport on arrival. Despite the actress having no undeclared goods, the ordeal lasted over an hour.When contacted, Mugdha told Mumbai Mirror, \"I had gone to Dubai for two days. It was for the premiere of my film Gali Gali Chor Hai. My baggage failed to arrive on time. And I had to rush to a press conference.\"Thankfully, the actress on a shopping spree had picked up a top at the Delhi airport. \"I wore the top at the press conference. But I had nothing to wear for the premiere night. I called up Neeta Lulla. She has an outlet in Dubai as well. She sent me a dress and that thankfully fitted me,\" informed Mugdha.The lost baggage, however, gave Mugdha an excuse to shop. \"I did a lot of shopping at the Dubai airport. I had to pass time while I waited for my baggage,\" said the actress.The ordeal wasn't over yet. On her arrival, the actress was detained by the customs officials. \"Thankfully, they were polite and kind to me. They did ask a lot of questions and I was stuck at the airport for over an hour. But I had no undeclared goods. The good news after all this is that the airline called me on Friday to say that they have found my luggage and will be sending it over to me,\" added Mugdha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "valparai/ coimbatore", "code": "11749540", "title": "Leopard kills 4-year-old boy near Valparai", "text": "VALPARAI/ COIMBATORE: A four-year-old boy was killed by a leopard in a tea estate bordering the Anamalai Tiger Reserve near Valparai, on Friday evening. The victim, J Jerin, a nursery student at St Antony Primary School here, was with his father Jayakumar, a medical representative in Coimbatore, and his older brother, Kevin, 8, when the leopard attacked them. The three were walking along a dirt track inside Mukkottu Mudi estate towards Mudi's bazaar at 7pm when the incident happened.The leopard, which was hiding in the tea bushes, leapt at the boy and dragged him into the bush. The father and brother shouted for help. When estate workers rushed to the spot, the leopard fled. Jerin was immediately taken to the estate hospital where he was declared brought dead.Sources told us that Jayakumar and the boys had taken a short cut through the estate though forest officials have advised residents not to venture beyond the road in the dark.In the last 10 years, leopards have killed six children and two adults, source said. On Thursday, a leopard was trapped by forest officials in the middle of Valparai town. It was later released in the forest. In November last year, Kausipriya of Thaimudi estate survived a leopard attack as her mother Muniyammal and elder brother Gajendran succeeded in scaring away the animal. Leopard attacks had claimed two children in 2010.Two goats were killed in a leopard attack two months ago in the same area. Soon after spotting the dead bodies of the goats, a large number of residents gathered at the local forest office seeking protection from wildlife attacks. Forest officials have set up traps for the leopard in all the vulnerable spots in town. Forest officials said leopards attack children as they are looked upon as prey. N I Jalauddin, president of Nature Conservation Society, said that many of the tea estates are in forest fringes. The attacks have increased as the encroachment of forest is on the rise. He said the leopards are acquainted with the smell and taste of the dogs, which they like.He said animals generally don't attack unless it feels the threat. The state and central government should take necessary steps to remove the encroachment and create a healthy atmosphere for these animals to breed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11748421", "title": "Bird-watching fair disappoints bird lovers", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited two-day annual 'Mansagar Bird Watching Fair' fell short of people's expectations. The event considered to be birders' paradise has disappointed the organizers, mostly environmentalist and visitors to see less number of winged creatures around Mansagar lake in Jaipur.The birders could sight five-six species of migratory birds - Northern Shovelors, Northern Pintail, Gadwall, Ruff, Sandpipers and Common Tail. The local birds migrated from different parts of the country and include Cormorants, Little egret, spot billed duck, grey heron, purple and swam hen were seen.The number of birds has reduced from thousands to just a few hundreds leaving conservationists to dedicate sessions on the conservation of 'foreign guest'.The reasons for less number of birds identified by them are due to poor water quality, mismanagement of the lake and less feed for birds. Source revealed that water treatment plant at the lake that is partly functional is aggravating the situation.\"The lake has South African fish which has high tendency of multiplying leaving few small sized fish suitable for these birds,\" said Nishant Shuka, a birder and a member of Tourism and Wildlife Society of India.Over 2,000 students from various schools who turned up to sight the birds were educated on conservation of birds besides the the Great Indian Bustard. This bird is a state bird and is facing habitat problems because of reducing forest cover.The children participated in various competitions including drawing, painting and slogan-writing aiming to educate them on birds. The conservationists raised their concern over the depleting flora and fauna in the water bodies and forests in Rajasthan including Mansagar. \"Continuous efforts by different concerned agencies are required to save the rich flora and fauna of our state,\" said Pramod Yadav, one of the organizers.The signature campaign to save Mansagar and Chandlai lake saw good response from the visitors. Both the lakes are facing problems due to encroachment. They once used to attract thousands of migratory birds but now only a few hundred come here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748258", "title": "BSP MLAs\u2019 assets outshine others", "text": "LUCKNOW: The five-year stint in the Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha since 2007 has helped a number of MLAs in improving their fortunes to a large extent, as on an average, recontesting MLA has registered an asset growth of Rs 1.61 crore.According to a survey conducted by Uttar Pradesh Election Watch, the average asset of the 34 re-contesting MLAs (whose affidavits were analysed) in 2007 stood at Rs 86 lakh. By 2012, this average had swelled to Rs 2.47 crore. In percentage terms, the growth in assets has been 187%. The highest percentage increase in assets of 1934% has been found for Umesh Pandey of Bahujan Samaj Party, from Madhuban assembly segment in Mau district.Pandey's assets rose from Rs 5.58 lakh in 2007 to Rs 1.13 crore in 2012. The second spot in this category has been bagged by Madho Prasad of the Congress from Gorakhpur's Chauri Chaura seat.Prasad's fortune rose Rs 6.9 lakh in 2007 to Rs 77.62 lakh in 2012, an increase of 1025%. BSP candidate from Azamgarh assembly constituency, Sarvesh Kumar registered a five-year growth of 887%, as his gross assets went up to Rs Rs 9.81 crore in 2012 from Rs 99.42 lakh.Volume-wise, the assets of Sarvesh Kumar Singh alias Sipu, BSP candidate from Azamgarh increased the most, worth Rs 8.81 crore. Among the 34 re-contesting MLAs analysed by UPEW, Sarvesh tops the table with the highest assets. Sipu is followed by Pramod of Deoria, whose assets increased by Rs 4.51 crore, while that of Rajkumar from Ghazipur went up by Rs 4.38 crore from 2007 to 2012. Both Pramod and Rajkumar belong to the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party.Party-wise, the percentage of asset increase has been highest for the Congress at a whopping 436%, followed by Quami Ekta Dal of jailed mafia don Mukhtar Ansari, whose average increase was 343%. The ruling BSP saw an increase of 338% in its assets, while for the BJP, it was 256%. The increase was not very encouraging for Samajwadi Party and Nationalist Congress Party, which registered a growth of 88% and 72% in the five-year duration respectively. However, when it comes to the quantum of increase, BSP leads its political opponents, as it registered an average asset increase of Rs 2 crore, while it was Rs 1 crore for Samajwadi Party and NCP.Quami Ekta Dal's moved ahead of BJP in asset increase. The increase in asset for QED was Rs 1.98 crore, while for BJP it was Rs 1.97 crore. Congress registered an average increase in assets worth Rs 63 lakh. Combining the first and second phase, the number of re-contesting MLAs are 78.The average increase in the asset of an MLA was Rs 1.63 crore, which means 138%. The average assets of these MLAs increased from Rs 1.18 crore in 2007 to Rs 2.82 crore in 2012. Ajay Pratap Singh of BSP, who is re-contesting from Colonelganj in Gonda registered the highest increase in assets worth Rs 12.08 crore, followed by BSP's Azamgarh candidate Sarvesh Kumar Singh, whose assets went up by Rs 8.81 crore.Chaudhary Ravindra Pratap of the Congress, who is in the fray from Shoratgarh in Siddharthnagar had an increase worth Rs 6.56 crore.The highest percentage increase (13074%) has been for Kaushlendra Nath of JD(U) from Tulsipur constituency. His assets rose from Rs 51,940 in 2007 to 68.42 lakh in 2012. He is followed by Ramesh Chandra of BSP from Mankapur constituency with a percentage increase of 4170% (Rs 2.51 lakh in 2007 to 1.07 crore in 2012) and Hargovind Bharagav of BSP from Sidhauli with an increase of 3691%(Rs 3.5 lakh in 2007 to 1.32 crore in 2012).All these top 3 MLAs with highest percentage increase are re-contesting in the first phase from Shohratgarh. A total of 166 candidates (49%) out of the 337 candidates analysed by the Uttar Pradesh Election Watch have declared that they have never filed income tax returns. Out of the 166 candidates analysed who have never filed income tax returns, BSP has 19 (32%) out of 59 candidates, BJP has 23 (42%) out of 55 candidates, SP has 34 (58%) out of 59 candidates and Congress has 25 (42%) out of 59 candidates, Peace Party has 18(51%) out of 35 candidates and JD (U) has 35 (70%) out of 50 candidates who have not filed IT Returns.As many as 78 (23%) candidates have not declared their PAN details of which 20 are from JD (U) 14 are from Congress, 14 from SP, 9 from BJP, 8 from Peace Party, 5 from BSP, 5 from Quami Ekta Dal and 3 are from Apna Dal.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11749615", "title": "Morjim shack fire causes loss of Rs 10L", "text": "MAPUSA: A shack was gutted in a major fire at Morjim beach causing an estimated loss of Rs 10 lakh on Friday morning.The fire then spread to three huts nearby, reducing them to ashes. Though the exact cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, fire fighting personnel suspect an LPG cylinder burst.The fire broke out 6am in the kitchen of the 'Om Shanti' beach shack located at Gawdewada in Morjim. The fire in the kitchen later spread to the restaurant area. The shack belongs to Vishranti Diukar in the property belonging to Urmila Korgaonkar. The shack owner claimed that 1 lakh in cash was also destroyed in fire. Diukar claimed that two fridges, six mixer grinders, a music system, two washing machines, four LPG cylinders, three gas stoves, 30 wooden tables and around 50 chairs from the shack were destroyed in the fire. Locals tried to douse the fire till the fire brigade arrived but their efforts were futile.The fire later spread to three bamboo huts. All three were rented by foreigner's but they were empty as the guests were out.Four mobile phones, ATM cards, bank pass books, passports and gold ornaments belonging to the guests were destroyed.\"By the time, the fire brigade personnel reached the site, the fire had destroyed every thing. The total loss will run to at least 10 lakh,\" said Diukar.Three fire tenders- two from Pernem fire station and one from Mapusa fire station- were pressed into service. Pernem fire station in-charge Tukaram Sawal Dessai and Mapusa fire station in-charge Dattaram Redkar were present at the site along with the fire fighters.\"The suspected cause of fire is an LPG cylinder burst. We have recovered two cylinders from the site which had burst,\" said Desai.It was a close shave for three other shacks located in close proximity Om Shanti. This is the fourth incident of a shack fire in the Morjim-Arambol beach stretch this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11750404", "title": "Defunct hydrants raise fire damage risk", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Fire hydrants in the main cities of Kangra district have all but vanished, increasing the risk of massive blazes in the area. This has the potential of severely crippling fire fighting services.The hydrants were normally located crowded areas, where there was a possibility of major damage if fire broke out. But most of the hydrants are either missing or no longer function and so, fire trucks have to return to stations to refill their tanks even in the middle of emergencies.The district has three fire stations at Kangra, Palampur and Dharamshala. Those have 10 fire trucks, four each at Palampur and Dharamshala and two at Kangra.Sources said in Kangra, there were 31 hydrants but only three were active. The others were lost after they were buried under new constructions. In Dharamshala, there were 25 hydrants, but only one is active now. In Palampur, there are 20 hydrants out of which four are inactive and 16 can't function properly due to insufficient water supply.Due to hilly terrain in the region, there are more fire incidents in winter because of use of heating equipment. In a recent fire that broke out at the main bus stand of Dharamshala, a man had died.District head of the fire service claimed that they are aware of the situation and trying to make all hydrants work. \"We have sent a demand letter to the higher authorities to open fire stations in Nurpur and Dehra areas which are far from here,\" said R K Bhardwaj, commander of fire services in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11750423", "title": "Sex workers to give Alappuzha town a facelift", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Women sex workers are all set to give Alappuzha town a facelift. They have been chosen to execute the 'Alappuzha town beautification project' of the Kerala State Aids Control Society (KSACS) in association with the municipality.\"The project is part of KSACS's Suraksha initiative that aims to reduce the rate of HIV transmission among sex workers and drug users. We have held talks with municipal authorities in this connection and they have assured us full support. It will begin next month,\" Suraksha project district manager Palouse Kuriakose told TOI.As part of the project, a select group of sex workers will be employed as gardeners: they will plant saplings along roadsides, set up gardens along the banks of the canals and roadsides, as well as clean up the whole area.\"These women will be trained to do this work. They will be paid daily wages. Rs 1.5 lakh has been set aside for the first phase of the programme,\" Palouse said.Around 240 sex workers in the municipal area have been identified to carry out the programme. Once Alappuzha town is cleaned up, the programme may be extended to Cherthala, Kayamkulam and Haripad municipalities.Municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido told TOI that the civic body would extend all support to this initiative. \"Though the municipality does not have funds for this project, we will contribute saplings for being planted along roadsides,\" she said.It was Pazhaveedu municipal councillor R Ramesh who introduced the KSACS project to the municipal chairperson and other officials. \"All of them were unanimous in their support for the project. Suraksha has executed many novel initiatives for the well being of sex workers. So we are ready to give our full support to any programme formulated by the KSACS,\" Ramesh said.The Suraksha unit of Alappuzha, which is being run by Jawaharlal Memorial Social Welfare and Public Cooperation Centre, a Kottayam-based NGO, bagged KSACS's award for best unit in the state in 2009 and 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749331", "title": "Top service tax payer made \u2018guest assistant commissioner\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Customs and Central Excise department has honoured a top private sector service tax payer Rajeev Dwivedi-proprietor of a manpower supply agency-by nominating him as first \"Guest Assistant Commissioner\" for a day on Friday.Dwivedi, who owns M/s Prime One Workforce Private Limited, has paid service tax to the tune of Rs three crore during nine months from April to December 2011.Customs and Central Excise Assistant Commissioner S K Bansal said honouring top service tax payer with guest assistant commissioner's designation is a new initiative to encourage tax payers to deposit taxes.After being designated as guest assistant commissioner of the day, Dwivedi was picked up from his home in the official vehicle and directively driven to the office of the commissioner in the Paryavas Bhawan. he incumbent assistant commissioner S K Bansal briefed him about the department's functioning.\"It's a good experience\", Dwivedi told reporters after being honoured with the designation of guest assistant commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748278", "title": "One arrested for assault on DPS guard", "text": "GURGAON: Police have arrested one of those accused of assaulting a security supervisor at DPS Sushant Lok on Monday. A senior police officer said that the accused, who was arrested on Thursday, could be seen clearly in the CCTV footage beating up the guard with a baseball stick. The main accused student and his father are still on the run.One day after the incident in DPS Sushant Lok, a police team took the CCTV footage from the school, which shows the student, his father and their accomplices beating up the guard brutally on the school premises.\"We have arrested accused Parveen Yadav, of Fatehpuri village of Rewari district. He confessed that he had beaten the security supervisor. The accused worked in the firm of Mohit's father, Pawan Yadav,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, Sector 29 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11755628", "title": "Sleaze racket busted, 2 minors rescued", "text": "MUMBAI: Two minor girls forced into prostitution were rescued by the Nalasopara police. Two pimps including a woman have been arrested.Acting on a tip-off the police disguised as customers and approached a residential apartment in Nalasopara (west). Ishaque Mola (40) and Seema Shaikh (26) escorted the policemen disguised as customers to a room where two minor girls were waiting. The customers were asked to make their choices before the rates would be worked out.A police team raided the flat and arrested Mola and Shaikh. The girls, aged 14 and 15, told the police that they were brought from West Bengal to Mumbai by Shaikh who had promised to get them jobs in the city. The girls said that they came from poor families and coming to the city was a dream. The girls were provided with food and clothing but not allowed to venture out or speak to their families and neighbours. The girls said that Shaikh had given few hundred rupees to their families with the assurance that lot of cash would be send to them in the coming months.While Shaikh's job was to track down young girls and bring them to Nalasopara, Mola, the kingpin used to go around getting clients. The police have not ruled out the possibility of minor girls being the prime target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11749447", "title": "SC verdict has exposed Congress: Sushma Swaraj", "text": "BAHRAICH: Lashing out at the Congress, the Bharatiya Janata Party leader Sushma Swaraj said here that the Supreme Court veridct on 2G spectrum scam has revealed the lie of the Congress.She warned the voters that if they want to defeat the Congress, they should not commit the mistake of voting SP-BSP to power in Uttar Pradesh.Sushma Swaraj was addressing the public at Nagar palika ground in support of the BJP candidate Anupama Jaiswal. She also targeted the SP and BSP. The public voted BSP into power after getting fed up with SP, Swaraj said. The BSP gave the slogan that it is not the elephant but the Lord Ganesh, Brahma and Mahesh and the public voted the BSP into power with full majority but the party did not do anything for the development of dalits, the BJP leader said.The reason why the Congress became unpopular because the inflation set the kitchen on fire in such a way that it extinguished the fire of cooking, Swaraj said, adding that though the prices of LPG gas, coal, and kerosene oil have gone up the Central government has failed to take corrective steps. Instead, the Congress is trying to justify it by saying that the income of the people has increased, Swaraj said. Swaraj also denied that BJP is anti-Muslim.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11749741", "title": "Rotary's two-day district conference from today", "text": "NAGPUR: The two-day annual conference of Rotary District 3030, titled 'Kalaynotsav' will begin today at the Vasantrao Deshpande hall. The inaugural session will start at 9.45am with blessings from Shri Jeetendranath Maharaj.The other items on the agenda for the day include a talk by Govind Shrikhande, the managing director of Shopper's Stop on 'Opportunities and Challenges in Indian Retail Sector in view of FDI.' The post-lunch session would have Murlidhar Rao give a talk on Rural Development through Micro Credit.On day two of the conference, Madhaorao Chitale would address the gathering with a talk on 'Water Partnership; the Need of the Future.' Cultural events for the entertainment of nearly 1500 delegates, who are expected to participate in the conference would also be held.This year Rotary International is headed by an Indian, Kalayan Bannerjee, and industrialist from Vapi in Gujarat, who has sent his representative, Richard King , an ex-president of Rotary International. A lawyer, King is a popular speaker and would be addressing the inaugural session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750560", "title": "DC petrol order shoots up helmet sale", "text": "RANCHI: Helmet shops sprung up near most petrol pumps in the city after deputy commissioner K K Soan passed an order early this week not to give petrol to two-wheeler riders without helmets. The areas where they are most visible are Argora, Harmu and Doranda, which do not have many helmet shops. Priced moderately between Rs 400 and Rs 800, they saved the day for many rule breakers.The DC had issued the order five days ago. A week's time was given to pumps to put up notices of the order and a month to install CCTV cameras. The order said if a petrol pump oblizes a person who is not wearing a helmet, its license would be cancelled.However, petrol pumps are still not serious about the order. \"If we tell people that we will not give them petrol without a helmet, they get into an argument and sometimes get aggressive. In such cases, we are left with little option but to give them petrol,\" said Ramesh, a petrol pump worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11750579", "title": "Six arrested for gambling in T20", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested six people who were allegedly involved in gambling in the Twenty-20 cricket match between Australia and India in Melbourne held on Friday.Police said that Manoj Agrawal, 40, Sunil Agrawal, Ashish Jain, 40, Manoj Kumar Jain, 40, Yogendra Jain, Shailendra Nimad have been arrested.Acting on the tip off, crime branch inspector Jayant Rathore and his team raided a shop in front of Kanch Mahal in Itwaria Market at around 4 pm and caught them red-handed when all were busy bidding and gambling.Police seized Rs 1.25 lakh cash, eight mobile phones and an LCD television from the spot, said Jayant Rathore. He said that they have also seized receipts of crore of transaction.\"All six of them were found in a jewellery showroom which was reportedly closed since last few days. All accused are said to be associated with real estate business and have reportedly invested crores of rupees in gambling so far,\" said an official on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11749868", "title": "Congress united in Cortalim: Mauvin", "text": "MARGAO: Cortalim MLA Mauvin Godinho on Friday said Congress workers in the constituency are united and will back whoever gets the ticket.The statement, made to reporters after a meeting with local party workers, comes in the backdrop of rumours that those denied the ticket will contest as independents.Cortalim has three Congress ticket aspirants-businessman Raymond D'Sa, Mahila Congress chief Cinthia D'Silva and former Cortalim sarpanch Caetano Xavier. While D'Silva and Xavier represent of the ST community, D'Sa represents the OBC.Godinho said that it was unanimously decided at the meeting that no matter who bags the Congress ticket all party workers would support the final candidate in his/her election campaign.Sure the Congress high command will not give the Cortalim seat to alliance partner NCP, Godinho said the Congress will win the Cortalim, Dabolim and Vasco seats in the March assembly polls.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11748171", "title": "Neta alone can't decide your future, says Priyanka Gandhi", "text": "AMETHI: Priyanka Gandhi on Friday joined her mother Sonia Gandhi and brother Rahul Gandhi in their effort to revive the Congress's fortunes in UP. Addressing a public meeting in Amethi, she said \"If people have no access to good education, roads or health facilities, it's not the fault of the political system entirely,\" she said. \"A neta alone can't decide your future. It's your job. You have the power to remind politicians about their duties otherwise when I come here after 22 years, my children would have got good jobs, but these lads would be right here,\" she said.\"What's the goal and objective of politics?\" she asked. \"Social service,\" she was told. \"Now what kind of social service have you seen in the last 22 years?\" she asked. One man said, \"Only netas have filled their coffers.\" Priyanka smiled and asked, \"What's the function of a neta?\"Then she answered, \"A neta is one who normally misleads you, who goes around pretending he owns the world and you are a pygmy in comparison. But the reality is just the opposite. The real power lies with you.\" Priyanka wrapped up her speech identically at each meeting. \"Bardasht karna band karo. Isme neki nahin hai (stop tolerating injustice. There is nothing commendable about it).\" And then, \"Vote for Congress on February 15, not for Mayawati or for Rahul, but for your child.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748685", "title": "Experts allay fears over Koodankulam nuclear plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Experts claim that routine medical diagnostic procedures like dental and chest X-rays and CT scan deliver radiation doses several times higher than those from a nuclear power plant.In a scientific workshop organized by Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited here on Friday to allay fear about the safety of the nuclear power reactor being set up at Koodankulam, K George of the Tata Memorial Centre, Mumbai, said that even a chest X-ray would expose a patient to far more radiation than a nuclear plant would in 20 years.\"The Koodankulam reactor is equipped with most advanced, generation three-plus security system,\" said M Kasinath Balaji, site director of the project.He said all the design features of safety have been tested in the hot run (which figures a real time run using dummy fuel) and have been found to be utmost safe to the public. He said that they expect to begin power generation within three months once the plant goes operational. The reactor coming up in Koodankulam is just 100 km away from Trivandrum.We are constantly monitoring the premises of Koodankulam to see if there is any environmental impact. Such tests have been conducted in the vicinities of working reactors and it has been found that they hardly make any difference to the environment,\" said M P Rajan, officer-in-charge of the Environmental Survey Laboratory under the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, functioning at Koodankulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11749022", "title": "SC grants Susanta bail, buoyed CPM slams govt", "text": "KOLKATA: The Supreme Court on Friday granted bail to former CPM minister Susanta Ghosh who has been in custody for nearly six months in the Garbeta mass murder case. The trial is due to start on February 16 in a Midnapore court.Ghosh, an MLA, may be released from Alipore central jail on Saturday. He and some other top CPM leaders are accused in the September 2002 murder of seven Trinamool Congress supporters. The skeletons were dug up near Ghosh's ancestral home in Benachapra.A division bench of justices Altamas Kabir and Gyan Sudha Misra allowed him to go to Garbeta, his assembly constituency, but not anywhere else in West Midnapore. He has been warned against trying to influence witnesses in the cases in which he is charged. The MLA has to present himself at a police station near his home on the last Sunday of every month between 11am and 2pm. Other conditions for his bail would be imposed by the trial court.Ghosh had moved a bail petition in the Supreme Court after the Calcutta high court turned down his plea on September 29 last year.The bail order sent ripples across Bengal's political circles through the day. CPM reacted with jubilation, while Trinamool Congress was cautious.Leader of the opposition, Surjya Kanta Misha, said, \"We welcome the SC verdict. This state government is creating an unfortunate milestone in slapping false cases, either of skeleton recovery or arms seizure, to jail their political opponents. The way the government has been opposing the bail of an elected people's representative is without parallel. The law of the land has prevailed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11748534", "title": "CNG supply to be affected on Sunday", "text": "The supply of CNG in Noida would be affected on Sunday as Indraprastha Gas Limited is undertaking shifting work of some of its underground steel pipelines in the city on the request of Noida Authority.Apart from the CNG filling stations, supply would also remain unavailable to industrial units and commercial establishments running on natural gas, even though IGL has made alternate arrangements for supplying PNG to domestic households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11751982", "title": "Ananth Mahadevan directing freedom fighter's story", "text": "Prolific director Ananth Mahadevan who last created a bludgeoning impact with his Marathi visual lifescape on the social crusader Sidhutai Sapkal is again on the bio-pic route.This time he's ready to shoot the story of freedom fighter Gour Hari Das, in Hindi, with the active participation of the actual character who's now 80.Gour Hari Dastaan is based on Gaur's memoirs and is a revealing account of a country squandering its advantages. While Vinay Pathak portrays Gaur, the real Gaur is super-charged about the film getting facts about his interesting life in a proper perspective.Says the director, \"I first broached the subject with the London Film Festival audience when they told me that they would look forward to my next film after Mee Sindhutai Sapkal. The idea of a disillusioned freedom fighter struck a chord and they unanimously 'approved 'of it. It would also be a rare instance of the British not being lampooned in an Indian film.\"Gaur who is now 80, is actively involved with the making of his bio-pic. The film will be based on Gaur's diary recordings.Says Mahadevan, \"His first reaction was, 'Why a film on me?' Now after he has seen my seriousness regarding the project he goes around excitedly telling everyone that a film is being based on his life.He now keeps saying, 'I will live to see the the film.'He has his entire struggle with the government written in what he calls The Freedom File. These files are the basis for my screenplay.\"Ranvir Shorey plays Gaur's closest friend. Ranvir's character is actually an amalgamation of two real-life characters.Divulges Mahadevan, \"This friend is actually a neighbour of Gaur Hari. They still live in the same building. The friend was the guiding force who egged Gaur on to fight the government. I've taken the character and fused it with a journalist's character.\"Ranvir is not the least insecure about his best friend and wife playing a couple.Says the director. \"Not at all. Ranvir and Vinay share an immaculate parternership. They both sublimate their individual egos to be part of one another's films. If you rememberBheja Fry, Ranvir had done a small part in that film for Vinay's sake. In Gaur Hari Dastaan Ranvir gladly stepped into the friend's part.\"Vinay Pathak was Mahadevan's first and final choice for the part. \"I needed an actor who was rooted to the middleclass reality. And I needed someone who could portray Gaur's 30-year struggle for justice.Vinay has to age from 35 to 65.\"The makeup is being done by Santosh Gayke,the same artiste who aged actress Jyoti Chandekar in the Marathi masterpiece 'Me Sinduhtai Sapkal'.Apparently Ranvir is so charged about his best friend's role of a lifetime that he has been hanging around helping Ananth Mahadevan with the pre-production and with Pathak's preparation for the role.Explains Mahadevan, \"We're all supremely charged about this film.It captures the tumultuous years in a freedom fighter's life, ironically after attaining independence. Gour Hari Das still resides in Kandivli, Mumbai. He spent five years of his teens fighting the British and then thirty years to obtain a freedom fighter's certificate. The latter was tougher than the former, he admits. The film holds up a Kafkaesque mirror to a country gone wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748714", "title": "Schools yet to apprise them of syllabus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as less than a month is left for Class X Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) examination to begin, there are some schools that are yet to apprise students of the syllabus of summative assessments carrying 40 marks.These students will take school-based examination. This was revealed by city-based CBSE counsellors who have been taking query calls on pre-examination helpline numbers. Madhu Bahl, principal of KBDAV Centenary Public School, Sector 7, Chandigarh, and CBSE counsellor, said, \"I will not name the schools to which the children belong, but I have been getting calls from students and parents asking about the syllabus of the upcoming summative assessment-II. This is saddening on the part of schools, as it shows that they are not performing their job well.\"Counsellors are also receiving calls from parents, seeking help for their wards \"who are taking boards lightly\". \"It is schools' fault, as they are hinting that Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) and school-based boards mean less burden. But in the end, it will only lower their scores. In fact, question papers will be as difficult as CBSE boards', as these will be set by CBSE itselfa?\u00a6 schools will only check their answer-sheets,\" said Rakesh Sachdeva, a CBSE counsellor and principal of DAV school in Sector 15. Besides telling students about syllabus, the counsellors are also boosting their morale. \"On Thursday, I received a call from a boy who said he forgot whatever he learnt. He called thrice, saying he can't sit in the exam. I counselled him and gave him some sample papers to solve. On Friday, I will see how he performs and guide him further,\" Madhu added. They said lack of confidence was the major problem being faced by children.With classes X and XII boards nearing, CBSE's helpline numbers are ringing all day, though time for queries is from 12pm to 4pm. The helpline that started on February 1 will remain open till April 16. In two days, both the counsellors have received nearly 100 calls from across the country. On the first day, most of the calls were made by parents and on the second day, by students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749439", "title": "ZGE: Probe link between RP 2021 and Babush I-T scam", "text": "PANAJI: Citizens' group Zagrut Goemkarancho Ekvott (ZGE) has demanded that the state government set up an inquiry into the link between the Regional Plan 2021 and the income tax scam of education minister Atanassio 'Babush' Monserrate, where he allegedly took payments running into crores for illegal land conversions.\"The connection of the scam involving Monserratewith the Regional Plan 2021 land conversions should be investigated. Just making corrections in the plan will not do. Those who have benefitted from the conversions should be brought to book. The RP 2021 should not be allowed to be a money-making exercise,\" Yatish Naik, ZGE spokesperson, said.\"When laypersons like those from NGOs allege that there are illegalities in the RP 2021, the state government might choose to ignore them stating that they have no expertise in the subject. But when persons like Edgar Rebeiro who is a noted town planner in the country says that there are anomalies, the state should at least take that seriously,\" Naik said.The ZGE announced that two more candidates will be fielded in the upcoming general assembly elections, in the Margao and Pernem constituencies.For Margao, the ZGE has announced former sea-farer Abdul Mateen Dawood Carol as a contestant. And for Pernem, scheduled caste member Rajan Kambli has been named as a candidate.While Carol is heading the fight for a burial ground for the Muslim community in Margao, Kambli is at the helm of a fight against forceful buying of farmers' land at Mopa by the state government for a new airport for Goa.\"We have no money to spend at all on our candidates. If they are not elected, they will go back to their regular professions. We are just giving people a clean option. We do not believe in large public meetings. Our candidates in other constituencies too have started going door-to-door to bring illegalities of the government to their notice. Ultimately, the ball is in the people's court,\" Naik said.ZGE president Prakash Bandodkar said, \"After all our candidates are announced, we will bring out our detailed manifesto and a vision document for Goa. After discussing issues in each of the constituencies. Our candidates are people's candidates and only people are their high command. Once they are elected, they will not run to Panaji or Delhi to their high commands to take a decision on local issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748898", "title": "Now, helmets made mandatory for policemen in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: It appears that wearing helmets while riding two-wheelers will be made mandatory in Madurai city in the near future, as the policemen on duty have been instructed to wear them from Saturday onwards in a measure to sensitise the public.In a circular sent to all the police stations and wings of Madurai city police, commissioner of police, P Kannappan has ordered helmet mandatory for all policemen on duty. He had mentioned that the number of deaths due to head injuries in road accidents is steadily on the rise, which can be prevented by the use of helmets.It has been observed that both the public and police ride the vehicles without wearing helmets. There are 17 police stations in the city limits with 3,000 policemen at various wings. All of them were instructed to comply with the helmet rule from Saturday.Kannappan said that this measure has been taken as part of the ongoing traffic regulations in the city. For the last few weeks, lot of changes were made in the city limits like clearing the parking in North Veli street, one way regulations at Thevar statue etc.\"During these traffic regulations, we have found that not wearing helmet while riding two-wheelers is a real concern. Recently, an armed reserve policeman died in a road accident due to head injury, which could have been averted if he was wearing a helmet. Before instructing the public about the importance of wearing helmets, it is imperative that the policemen enforcing the rule should follow it,\" he said.\"We will ensure 100% compliance among police personnel in the next few days. It will send a strong message among the public seeing all the police personnel in helmets. After this measure, the next step on helmet wearing will be announced shortly,\" he added hinting that the helmets will be made compulsory for all the two-wheeler riders in the city limits in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748214", "title": "Petitioner hits out at Cong, SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mudslinging during elections acquires a new dimension as people who are not in active politics get roped in by various political parties. On Friday, petitioner in Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav disproportionate asset case, Vishwanath Chaturvedi, emerged on the political scene in poll bound Uttar Pradesh and alleged that the SP boss was in hand in glove with the Congress, with the latter using the former for its own political gains.Armed with an affidavit filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the Supreme Court, Chaturvedi alleged that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, in July 2008, allowed Yadav's daughter in law Dimple Yadav to submit an application with the department of personnel and training, within days after the Left withdrew support from the Congress-led UPA government over Indo-US nuclear deal. \"The application was suggestive of the fact that since Dimple and Yadav's wife Malti Yadav did not hold any office of profit. And so their assets may not be added to the one held by Mulayam Singh Yadav,\" he said.Chaturvedi claimed that subsequently, Mulayam agreed to lend support with his bunch of 39 MPs to Congress-led UPA government. \"The two are the most corrupt political parties. Please do not vote for them,\" said Chaturvedi, who once has been close to the Congress. He said that not only the SP and the Congress but also the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) too has been toeing the same lines. \"The NRHM scam has been an eyeopener,\" he said.Chaturvedi denied allegations that he was being sponsored by any particular political party at the time of election. \"I have nothing to do with the BJP or the BSP,\" he maintained. \"I have come to Uttar Pradesh after a gap of seven years. These people (politicians) were gunning for me head all these years. Whatever security I have got is because of the Supreme Court,\" he said.But, both SP and the Congress were categorical of the fact that the Chaturvedi has been 'planted' by opposition parties. \"Chaturvedi's allegations appear to be motivated by someone. He may have been brought by any of the opposition political parties at the time of elections,\" SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said. \"Could be BSP or may be the BJP,\" he added.Congress spokesperson, Dwijendra Tripathi said that people like Vishwanath Chaturvedi have no credibility. \"He was shunted out of the Congress way back after he tried to use party name and platform while filing those petitions against Mulayam Singh Yadav. We, as a party, express our reservations through proper channels and not by getting petitions filed,\" Tripathi said. Vishwanath, however, rubbished all such claims and said that he was an 'independent' advocate and was not affiliated to any of the political parties.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749631", "title": "Voter ID card is like political ATM card", "text": "PANAJI: Indiranagar-an entity of myriad lanes that takes you through an existence of people living cheek-by-jowl. The stench of garbage, thrown nonchalantly by the pathways, mixes with the sights and sounds of a civilization a far cry from the picture postcard Goa flaunted by tourism and real estate.Indiranagar is a slum, with a growing migrant population. A settlement bursting at its seams that will play a crucial role in the fortunes of politicians contesting the St Cruz constituency. And its denizens are more politically-conscious than the average, educated Goan.Travelling through the lanes, it is obvious that an outsider has entered and curious looks follow. A suspicious set of eyes keeps watch until one has left the place.Nobody wants to talk, or rather, come on record. Residents say if one speaks against sitting MLA Victoria 'Mummy' Fernandes, or her son, Rudolf, popularly called 'Baba', one can earn their ire and the tag of being their rival, Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's supporter. The only condition to be quoted is if one writes: \"We are very happy with Mummy. She has brought a lot of development for us.\"In Mummy's cradle\"The axe of demolition hangs heavy on most of the houses in Indiranagar. At least, 60-70% of the houses are illegal,\" says a resident on condition of anonymity.Indiranagar comprises five distinct areas: a 'Telegu galli' for migrants from Andhra Pradesh; a 'Tamil galli' for those from Tamil Nadu; a Muslim area for migrants, largely from Karnataka; around a 100-odd Goan Hindu families and a sprinkling of Goan Catholic homes.\"Most Goans have sold their houses and left. No Goan likes to live or is used to living in such unhygienic conditions. But, selling their houses was done illegally, as they got these plots for free (as part of the government's 20-point programme in the '80s to house the homeless),\" claims the resident.Once settled in Goa, many migrants have helped relatives and friends in their native states to come and do the same. \"Some have built upper floors while others rent out a room to new migrants who feel safe among their fellow brethren here than probably elsewhere. Older migrants help newcomers to set up businesses or get employed,\" says a resident.After the government formally settled the homeless here, much of the land in the former Padri Bhat was still vacant. Claims a resident, \"A sarpanch tried to illegally settle his friends and relatives in the vacant land, but, soon a large number of migrants came from Panaji. They had been displaced after their slums were demolished at Lake View colony, Miramar, and at Altinho.\"After receiving complaints of the growing number of illegal settlements on the vacant land, the government launched a drive to demolish the illegal hutments. And that was the day that saw the rise of a leader-Victoria Fernandes, affectionately called 'Mummy'.A social worker till then, Fernandes is said to have lain across the path of the bulldozer and dared authorities to demolish the slum over her dead body.\"That picture is still fresh in the minds of older migrants. They will never forget it. That is why their loyalty still lies with her -and to some extent with her son Baba,\" says the resident.The carrot at every pollMixed with this loyalty is brewing discontent. Residents await the legalization of their houses, once huts.\"It is a carrot dangled before them by all politicians before all types of elections -panchayat, zilla panchayat, legislative assembly or parliament. To date they have been left waiting,\" the resident says.\"Voices of dissent are few. Those who do raise their voice against the MLA are silenced,\" says another resident. Nobody wants to talk against Fernandes or oppose her in any way. \"We fear that we will be targeted if we say or complain about anything. We want our houses to be legalized,\" says a resident.Around six months ago, Fernandes asked residents to submit copies of ration cards, voter ID cards and utility bills in three sets of files. Asked, Fernandes says, \"The legalization of these houses is a lengthy process and requires a cabinet decision. We have taken the matter up with chief minister Digambar Kamat who has also visited the area and has assured residents that their houses will be legalized.\"Filthy lanes, plush hutsIndiranagar comprises 4,800 voters, and Muslims are the biggest segment-almost 70%, say residents.\"The Muslims are wary of the BJP and by default turn into a Congress vote bank. Not many among them, along with the Tamilians and Andhraites, are educated either,\" says a resident.Many Andhraites, incidentally, are Protestant Christians. \"They recently built their own church with funds from within the community and with no funding from politicians,\" says the resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738288", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor goes under the knife", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor who has been winning awards and accolades for his performance in Rockstar went through an operation at Breach Candy hospital yesterday morning. Surgeon Dr Rushad T Udwadia had to surgically remove a cyst on the actor's back.A close friend of Ranbir confirmed the news and added, \"Ranbir has been operated for a sebaceous gland problem. The surgery was minor.\"In fact Ranbir was discharged only a few hours after the surgery took place. Mumbai Mirror learnt that the actor was home by 12 noon. According to the friend, Ranbir will even be able to resume work whenever he wants. \"His Barfi! schedule was cancelled for a few days since his co-star Ileana was down with food poisoning. Ranbir can resume the schedule if he wants,\" added the friend.Explaining how a cyst can form owing to a sebaceous gland, a doctor (on request of anonymity) told Mumbai Mirror, \"Such cysts are not dangerous. But if not removed, they can grow and cause a lot of discomfort. They are formed generally when a sebaceous gland in one's body gets blocked.\"The surgery is only a minor glitch in Ranbir's current happy state, said the friend. \"Ranbir has been collecting awards for his flawless performance in Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar. He hasn't signed a film after Rockstar, but he is reading scripts. But he should be signing a big one soon,\" added the friend.When contacted, Dr Rushad was tight-lipped about Ranbir's surgery. However, an official from Breach Candy Hospital (on request of anonymity) confirmed saying, \"Yes, Ranbir was admitted in our hospital on Thursday morning. He had a cyst in his back. We did the needful under the guidance of Dr Rushad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749025", "title": "Students protest lack of staff, equipment; varsity issues notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 150 students of Gujarat Institute of Engineering and Technology (GIET), Prantij held a protest demonstration at Gujarat Technological University (GTU) campus on Friday saying that their college did not have adequate teachers to teach them. Students said there was hardly any permanent faculty members at the college and teachers changed on a weekly basis. Students also complained that the college did not have the equipment needed to carry out lab work because of which they were not able to study engineering through practical work.Taking note of the protesting students and their issues, the GTU office has sent a notice to the college. \"We have sent a notice to the college and have also decided to carry out surprise checks at the college premises to look into the complaints of the students. A team of six members headed by a dean would be sent to the college,\" GTU registrar G P Vadodaria said. tnnGTU officials said that it has been decided that any complaint by students against colleges would be given a patient hearing and investigation carried out. \"Students are the true representatives of any college and if they complain, we will be able to know exactly what is the status of staff and other infrastructure in the college,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750285", "title": "CBI court grants split in VW case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Thursday allowed the splitting up of the Volkswagen scam case to enable commencement of the prosecution of the accused.An amount of Rs 11.68 crore of government money was siphoned off by the accused in the name of setting up of a Volkswagen car factory in Visakhapatnam in 2005.The court would now try the accused -- Ashok Kumar Jain of Delhi, Gayatri Chandravadan of Chennai and Joseph V George of Bangalore -- who are named accused number A2, A5 and A7 in the chargesheet filed by the CBI.Accused number one Helmuth Schuster, an official of Volkswagen in 2005 when the scam took place, has been evading arrest and the chances of his early extradition to India from his native Germany or from Italy where he was arrested a year ago in another case, looks bleak.The other accused have been pressing for splitting of the case into two.Earlier, the AP High Court too gave a similar order while hearing the plea of one of the accused.Apart from Schuster, two other accused Jagadish Alag Raja(A4) and B K Chaturvedi (A6) are also at large.Schuster and others floated Vasishta Wahan to cheat the state government.While those absconding accused will be dealt with separately, the trial against those who are available to the law would commence shortly.Out of the Rs 11.68 crore siphoned off, the CBI could only recover Rs 5 crore, from Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747457", "title": "Financial crisis forced wife to go abroad, say police", "text": "MUMBAI: The woman whose husband killed their two kids before committing suicide, decided to work in Singapore as a domestic help to send money home for the education of the two children, Sunil (10) and Mitali (7), said the Andheri police.Radha Alkar (28) went to Singapore six months ago due to financial crisis at home. Radha's husband Santosh (38), who was a diabetic patient, use to take care of the kids at home and also their studies.Alkars' relatives said Radha was completely shattered when she was informed about the act that her husband has committed at their home in Tarun Bharat society at Chakala, Andheri, on Wednesday. \"Radha claimed that if she had not gone to Singapore, it would have a different. She said her two kids and husband would have been alive,\" Alkars' relatives said.Radha remained speechless and went into shock on seeing the dead bodies of her two children and husband.\"On Friday Radha's health weakened and she was taken to the doctor. She is not in a position to talk else the reason behind her husband's act could be ascertained,\" Santosh's cousin brother, Santosh Dhotre, told TOI.Dhotre said Santosh's elderly parents -- father Durga and mother Babaka both aged over 70 years-- were inconsolable with his act.The police have handed over the bodies after conducting the post-mortem on Thursday. The body is kept at Cooper Hospital morgue. The body will be cremated on Saturday.ACP (Andheri division) P M Wadkar (Andheri division), \"said they had not yet approached the deceased's wife to take down her statement as she was not in a condition to talk.\"She was found not in a condition to talk. She has told her relatives that she took up the job to get a quality education to her two kids. She was more concern over the losses of her kids,\" Wadkar said.The matter was observed on Wednesday when one of Santosh's sisters Asha Naik went to his house to enquire about his well-being around 1.45pm. Asha got suspicious when her brother did not open the door that was locked from inside.\"With the help of neighbours Asha entered the house after breaking the doors on the mezzanine floor. The bodies was rushed to the Cooper Hospital but was declared death before admission. Santosh in his suicide note held no one responsible for his act. The note said that he was fed up with his deteriorating health and feared if anything happens to him then his kids will be left alone,\" said an Andheri police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11749405", "title": "'Goa has some of the best musicians in the world'", "text": "PANAJI: American Centre, Mumbai, is set to organize the second edition of the 'Mirchi Sound Check 2012' in association with Radio Mirchi on February 23 and 24, at a hotel in Panaji. The winner of the event will get a chance to perform at the 'Daniel Pearl World Music Day Concert' to be held in October in Goa.\"Goa has some of the best musicians in the world, if you ask me about the quality that we came across last year. We were amazed at the original songs composed by musicians and their talent,\" Anne Grimes, public affairs officer at the American Centre, Mumbai, said.\"There is no language or age bar for participants. The Mirchi Sound Check 2012 will begin with a series of on-ground competitions on February 23 from 5pm onwards. The finale of the competition will be held on February 24 from 5pm to 10pm. There are cash prizes and trophies on offer,\" Ethel Da Costa, station director and programming head, Radio Mirchi, said.There are prizes on offer in three categories-best band (English), best vocalist (in any language) and best original song (in any language).The judges are -famed fado singer Sonia Sirsat, singer and music composer Varun Carvalho and accomplished music composer and director Mukesh Ghatwal.\"There are a lot of college bands making amazing music which are played among friends and then forgotten about. Mirchi Soundcheck is a platform for such bands to take their music to the next level,\" Shirsat said.\"Fifteen bands participated last year and we are looking forward to greater participation this year. More importantly, we are looking forward to a bigger audience, \" Grimes said.Participants in the band and solo vocalist category can pick up their registration forms from the Radio Mirchi office in Panaji. The last date for submission of the forms is February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11748713", "title": "Gold worth Rs 24L seized from 6 Indians returning from Lanka", "text": "CHENNAI: Six Indian passengers arriving from Colombo were arrested at the Chennai airport on Friday for trying to smuggle in 2.9 kg of gold worth about Rs 24 lakh. While five had hidden the gold in the rectum, the sixth had concealed it hand baggage, officials said.Following a tip-off, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) sleuth kept overnight vigil and zeroed in on the six, all natives of Ramanathapuram district, who arrived by a Sri Lankan Airways flight from Colombo. They had gone to Colombo on a tourist visa. After a thorough search of their baggage revealed nothing valuable, they were taken to a separate room and examined by a medical team. Five of them had hidden the gold bars wrapped in black paper in their rectum, while the sixth brought it in two ladies' handbags, it was revealed. The arrested said they were couriers and were to pass on the gold to a person outside the airport.The number of cases of gold smuggling reported at Chennai airport have been increasing, say officials. DRI ADGP C Rajan told TOI that while gold worth Rs 25 lakh was seized in 2010-11, in 2011-12 about Rs 4 crore worth of gold had been seized, mainly from passengers from Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748530", "title": "Police plan drive to clear roads", "text": "NASHIK: With encroachments by hawkers and careless parking by autorickshaw drivers, road space for motorists as well as pedestrians in various places in the city has reduced, prompting the police to plan a drive against them.\"Just opposite the exit gate of the Central Bus Stand on Sharanpur Road, one finds fruit sellers and hawkers with their stalls. It is a busy street. While buses from the CBS continuously come out of the exit gate of the stand, the presence of hawkers just opposite the gate makes it difficult for the bus drivers to turn the vehicle. This continuously hampers the traffic flow,\" Santosh Gavare, a bank employee, said.While this is one area where the police have failed to take any action for all these years, the the stretch between Meher Hotel and Red Cross Signal on the Mahatma Gandhi Road sees continuous traffic pile-ups. Vehicles are parked on either side of this road. To make things difficult, the presence of hawkers in large numbers has shrunk the road width significantly.To solve the issue of vehicle parking on the busy Mahatma Gandhi Road, the police had approached the zilla parishad and then the district collectorate to provide some place for parking inside the stadium near it. But now the shopkeepers want the parking to be made free of cost.Meanwhile, autorickshaw drivers have made a stand of their own in front of the Nashik Central Mall on the Trimbak Road, which is again affecting the vehicular traffic. Police inspector Pravin Kulkarni of the traffic department said that rickshaw drivers, with the help of the unions, have turned it into stands for their convenience, which are illegal.\"Time and again we have informed the civic administration to remove such boards. However, nothing has been done in this regard. We would soon be taking action against all those who park their vehicles illegally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747710", "title": "Incidence of cervical cancer is 12 in 1L in city", "text": "PUNE: Cervical cancer is the most common cancer affecting women in India. According to Population-Based Cancer Registry ( PBCR) data, the projected age adjusted (15-44 years) incidence of the disease is at 12.4% in Pune - 12 in every one lakh women are affected by it.\"Cervical cancer has the highest incidence rate among female cancer patients in India,\" says cancer surgeon Shailesh Puntambekar, medical director, Galaxy Care Laparoscopy Hospital in Pune. \"The first and second stage of cervical cancer is completely operable and treatable. Patients are operated through keyhole surgery and the results are the same as open surgery. This kind of operation is less painful and less time is spent in hospital. Patients can return to their normal life quite soon.\"\"Cervical cancer is the most common cancer affecting women in India and the country accounts for 79% of cervical cancer cases in the world,\" said cancer surgeon Rakesh Neve. The disease can, however, be prevented through HPV vaccines and regular pap-smear tests, he said.The Human Papillomavirus (HPV) has emerged as the principal sexually transmitted causal agent in the development of cervical cancer. Early marriage, use of oral contraceptives, consumption of tobacco, smoking , immunosuppression, infection through other sexually transmitted diseases and poor nutrition have been associated with the development of cervical cancer.The fourth edition of Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD) to be flagged off from Mumbai and Pune on February 26 aims to create awareness about cervical cancer. The LWD is instrumental in spreading awareness about cancer in women.BOXWhat is cervical cancer?It is cancer of the mouth of the uterus or cervix. It is the most common cancer in India and all sexually active women are at a risk of contracting this disease.The causeHuman papillomavirus infection is the main and necessary virus for this cancer. It is a sexually transmitted virus passed through genital contact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11750558", "title": "Amrit Bani Granth installed at Ravidassia shrine", "text": "JALANDHAR: Two years after announcing the founding of Ravidassia religion by Dera Ballan, the Asi-Dharmi community has finally installed Amrit Bani Granth at the Guru Ravidass dham - the biggest and most opulent upcoming shrine of the community - in Buta Mandi area of Jalandhar.Dera Ballan had announced to found the new religion on January 30, 2010, on the occasion of birth anniversary of Guru Ravidass after the killing of its deputy head Sant Ramanand in May 2009 at a temple in Vienna by some Sikh radicals.Earlier, the dera gave prime place to Sikh holy book Guru Granth Sahib and every religious ceremony was performed around it. Guru Ravidass Dham is managed by Sri Guru Ravidass Education and Charitable Trust, which is headed by Seth Satpal Mall, a close confidant of Dera Ballan management, who was an aspirant of Congress ticket in the assembly election but could not get it.The management had been avoiding installing the Amrit Bani Granth while replacing Bir of Guru Granth Sahib for the last two years even as there was strong demand from a sizeable chunk of the population in Buta Mandi, a stronghold of the community, and radical elements of the community had even been castigating the management.Ravidass Dham has a grand structure and work on it has been going on for the last few years. Around a year back there has been a vertical divide in the management over its control and also over the issue of replacing Guru Granth Sahib with Amrit Bani.The development came on February 1, two days after the polling, just before the birth anniversary of Guru Ravidass, which falls on February 6. Now the Dham has two granths as the Bir of Guru Granth Sahib has also not been removed and it has been kept in the old premises where it was already placed.Reacting to the development, Sri Gur Ravidass Dharam Yudh Morcha president Satish Bharti said that it was a welcome step, but he accused the management of delaying it for two years.\"Earlier, Amrit Bani was not installed due to political calculations as president of the trust managing the dham wanted to fight assembly elections in Congress ticket, which could have been in danger had he replaced Guru Granth Sahib with Amrit Bani,\" Bharti alleged.\"We installed the Amrit Bani Granth along with an idol of Guru Ravidass in the main hall of the temple on February 1,\" said Seth Satpal Mall while speaking to TOI. Asked why it was not installed earlier as he himself was very close to the dera, Seth Satpal said that they did not want to remove the Bir of Guru Granth Sahib and the main hall was under construction and there was no other reason. \"Now the main hall is ready and we have installed the new granth there,' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11747394", "title": "Bihar sends ballot units to Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: While the wait for the arrival of additional ballot units of the electronic voting machines for Varanasi district is yet not over, Bihar sent 4000 ballots units that were sent to Deoria, Mau and Ballia districts on Friday.Voting will take place at 2,555 polling booths of 1128 polling centres in eight assembly constituencies of Varanasi district. As per the requirement of EVMs in the district, the machines were already available. But after the publication of final list of candidates, the number of candidates exceeded from 16 in Ajgara (SC), Rohania, City North and Cantonment assembly areas due to which arranging double ballot units at the polling stations of these assembly constituencies became a must.Assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra said a demand for 1,702 ballot units had been forwarded to the state election office. \"Though this demand has not been fulfilled so far, 4000 ballot units reached here from Bihar.\" Mishra said out of the total ballot units sent from Bihar, 3,900 were sent to Ballia, Mau and Deoria districts where polling would take place in the second phase.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11748061", "title": "'Areas bordering China peaceful'", "text": "PUNE: Sikkim chief minister Pawan Kumar Chamling has said that the country has no choice but to compete with China to surpass the latter in terms of development and progress. \"China is a major competitor of India as both countries have set themselves on the path of major economic progress and development,\" he said, while speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an awards function here on Friday.Chamling was responding to a query about how he views India's relations with China in the context of long-standing border issues between the two countries. Sikkim is one of two north-east Indian states, which shares their borders with China.He said, \"Sikkim remains a peaceful state and the same is the case with the areas in the state's border along China. The people in Sikkim are committed to the cause of a strong and developed India.\"Earlier, Chamling was presented the 'Bharat Asmita Jan Pratinidhi Shreshtha' award at the MIT School of Government (MITSoG) here for his lifetime contribution to the field of politics and development.The Bharat Asmita awards, which carry a cash prize of Rs 1.25 lakh each, a memento and a 'Tamra Patra' (inscribed bronze certificate), have been instituted by the Bharat Asmita Foundation, set up by the MIT group of institutions.The awards aim at recognising the contribution of leading personalities from the fields of management, teaching, public governance, arts, culture and media, mass awakening, and science and technology. The foundation is chaired by R A Mashelkar, former chief of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research.Young member of Parliament (MP) Jayant Chaudhary; CSIR director general Samir Brahmachari; director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences Dr S Parasuraman and noted media professional Siddhartha Basu were the other prominent persons who were presented the awards on the occasion.Founder head of MIT group Vishwanath Karad, MITSoG head Rahul Karad, Advisor to WHO Chandrakant Pandav and former bureaucrat N K Sharma were among the prominent persons present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748213", "title": "13/7 catch fought for al-Qaida in Afghanistan", "text": "MUMBAI: The police team probing the 13/7 Mumbai serial blasts may have landed a bigger catch in Haroon Rasheed Naik than they would have imagined.Naik, alias Umar Akbar alias Mushtaque Shaikh alias Salahuddin alias Maulana, 33, appears to have been a very important person in the Indian Mujahideen (IM) hierarchy. He was trained in Pakistan twice and took part in the war against America. \"He fought alongside al-Qaida fighters in Kandahar in 2001,\" said Anti-Terrorism Squad chief Rakesh Maria.The ATS chief said that Naik was part of the IM's core committee which is responsible for taking key decisions. \"He was among the top three members of the IM and was senior to Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran (suspected 13/7 kingpin),\" added Maria. Naik was first arrested on August 22 last year in a fake currency case at the airport but the police did not announce his alleged involvement in the July 13 blasts.\"In 2001, IM member Riyaz Bhatkal sent him for a training in handling arms and ammunition to Pakistan's Bahawalpur camp where he met Lashkar-e-Taiba lieutenant, Azam Cheema. After completing the two sessions of Daura-e-Aam and Daura-e-Khaas training, he enroled for Bait-e-Rizwan, a 15-day advanced training on fighting war. Soon he was recruited by the al-Qaida and participated in a war at Kandhar in 2001,\" added Maria. Naik is facing charges of facilitating the hawala transactions in the blasts cases.\"He was the in-charge of sending money to IM operatives from Saudi Arabia to India. Other transactions are also under probe,\" said police. Naik has allegedly sent Rs 10 lakh for the 13/7 blasts. In 2005, Naik crossed over the Attari-Wagha boarder on a Nepalese passport. He had, police say, split from the Lashkar and joined hands with IM's Amir Raza and others. There were reports that he had also enroled himself for the 9/11 attack but was declared unfit. However, there was no confirmation on it.Meanwhile, an ATS team raided hawala operator, Kanwar Nain Pathrija's, Gaziabad residence and recovered two diaries (containing records of hawala transactions), and two broke mobiles and a SIM card. He had used the SIM to communicate with Naik before the blasts. Pathrija has been into hawala business for five years.The ATS will approach the enforcement directorate and the directorate of revenue intelligence to discuss if they could probe the case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. It has also written to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748111", "title": "Strike hits work in Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University employees went on an indefinite strike, thereby, paralysing work on Friday. University's employees' union has further threatened to boycott the ongoing practical examinations, if their demands are not met. The decision to boycott work came as a retaliatory action after employees' union president Rinku Rai alleged that the vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra pushed him out of his room on Thursday.Rai, on Friday, met additional district magistrate (trans-Gomti), DK Pandey and handed a representation regarding the demands of employees.\"He will take our demands to the chief minister, chief secretary and district magistrate,\" said Rai, adding that the ADM has given them permission to fight in a democratic way thus maintaining law and order.Fighting for their long pending demands of their regularisation, the university officials have always turned a deaf ear to them. \"The university does not even comply with the state government's order on assured career promotion to the employees. Instead, they are carrying on the activities that are illegal,\" alleged Rai. He further claimed that till the university V-C tenders his apology in writing, employees will remain on strike.The president of the union also alleged about VC's involvement in misappropriation of funds. As per him, the samples of the building material used for central mess taken (more than a month prior) to check the quality are still lying at proctor's office. The union now demands a CBI probe into the matter and alleged embezzlement of finances.Meanwhile, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"The employees' union did not come forward to talk. And if they boycott the practical examinations, action will be taken against them.\" Earlier, in December last, more than 250 employees of Lucknow University had been on strike for non-fulfilment of their demands. Employees' Union Threatens To Boycott Practical Exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11750612", "title": "Ramandeep on winning track", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Ramandeep Kaur is finding it difficult to hide her happiness. After being adjudged the best athlete of the college at the Guru Nanak Girls College meet, she has now been declared president of the college sports committee.She sums up her moment of winning the best athlete award as wonderful. She was awarded a trophy by the college authorities. A postgraduate, Ramandeep has won many medals in district and state-level athletics competitions and now wants to represent the country at an international level.A hosteller, Ramandeep has won six medals of which four are in individual events and two in the team events. She won gold medals in 200 metres, 400 metres and 800 metres races and a silver medal in long jump. Along with that she has won two gold medals in team events of 4X100 and 4X400 relay races. Hailing from the family of farmers, Ramandeep belongs to Shahpur village of district Ludhiana. She started playing sports at the age of 14, but not athletics. She started with kho kho and last year only during the trials, her coach asked her to get into athletics. \"I used to spend five hours practicing in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under the supervision of coach Sanjeev Sharma. The athletics competition in the sports meet was quite tough, but I managed to win,\" said Ramandeep.She said now after being declared president of the sports committee, she would work for the promotion of sports in her college. She said it's a major responsibility on her shoulders and she hope to do her best.Ramandeep's coach, Sanjeev Sharma said she has the potential to participate in major athletic events. He said she has the caliber to perform well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750679", "title": "Striking docs warned of punitive action", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stalemate between the junior doctors and the state government continued on Friday with the government threatening to take punitive action on the medicos if they fail to attend duties at the earliest. Primary education minister S Shailaja Nath said that the medicos were forcing the government to relax the duration of the rural service as part of the MBBS programme, which is not possible. Regarding stipend, she said that the state government is acting as per the previous agreement, but the medicos are demanding more that what was agreed upon.Health minister D L Ravindra Reddy blamed TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy for the present situation. Meanwhile, medicos said that condition of the two fasting doctors, including a woman deteriorated on Friday.However, the doctors refused medical intervention and are continuing the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748301", "title": "SC admits Gujarat plea on Lokayukta appointment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday admitted an appeal filed by the Gujarat government challenging the state governor's decision to \"unilaterally\" appoint Justice (Retd) R A Mehta as the Lokayukta.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar said it would examine the matter at length as vital question of constitutional law is involved. The bench said it will hear the matter at a stretch of three days from February 20. The Gujarat government has challenged the state HC order upholding the appointment of Justice Mehta as the Lokayukta on the ground that it was unconstitutional and done without its consent.The Gujarat HC had on January 18 upheld the Lokayukta's appointment while sharply criticizing CM Narendra Modi for his \"pranks\" that had sparked a \"constitutional mini crisis\". In the petition filed on January 19, the state government sought stay of the HC judgement , order of Governor Kamla Beniwal by which the warrant of appointment of Justice Mehta as Lokayukta was passed. In the petition filed through advocate Mahesh Agarwal, the Gujarat government said that substantial questions of law have arisen, including that of absence of advice by the council of ministers on the appointment of Lokayukta by the Governor.It also objected to the use of \"very harsh expressions and language\" against the Gujarat CM by the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11748736", "title": "Garbage to light street lamps", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The civic body has hit upon a solution to power streets lamps and also put an end to waste management issue in one stroke.The corporation has decided to set up high capacity biogas plants that can power street lights and community kitchens under the Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.It has approved the project report on this submitted by Costford Technologies. The project cost is estimated at Rs 62.04 lakh.The BSUP scheme covers 23 slums and 13 coastal wards. \"The corporation will set up a common biogas plant for all the slums. In coastal wards, it will be installed in markets close to residential places,\" said a BSUP official.To improve waste management in city, the biogas plants will be linked to a compost pit. The gas produced will be passed through a generator and converted into electricity. \"The corporation expects to mitigate the waste management crisis by incorporating biogas plant in slum development programme,\" said deputy mayor Happy Kumar.He said that the tendering process has already begun and eligible accredited agencies will be entrusted with the task.The corporation also plans to lay special emphasis on the maintenance of biogas plants. People from each slum community will be handpicked and trained to take care of the plants. Besides clean-well workers will also be included in the project.The corporation will suggest each community raise a fund and pay the clean-well workers a small amount as users' fee.The plants will be first installed in colonies that come under phase 4 of BSUP.It will then be expanded to other areas depending upon the availability of land.Tendering process has already begun and eligible accredited agencies will be entrusted with the task. and the emphasis is on maintenance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "azamgarh", "code": "11747261", "title": "This village needs bridging of distance", "text": "AZAMGARH: They are just a stone's throw from Chowk yet it takes them more than one hour to reach the town. The reason being River Tons separates their village from the main city. This is Hathia village in Azamgarh, whose natives have decided to boycott the UP assembly polls. Their demand is simple and logical: They want a bridge over the river to connect them with the city.The Hathia village is situated just five minutes from the busiest Chowk market of the town across the river. It has a population of around 5,000. But, people have to cover a long distance to go to the town. A small boat arranged by the villagers through donations is there to ferry them in all seasons. While in the lean season, the river is reduced to about 50-ft width, during floods it brings restlessness and miseries to people. The boat is the only means to connect the village with the town. Though the village is also connected by a road, it takes a distance of around 10km to reach the town.But what is the cause of this apparent apathy? \"Our Central government is led by the Congress, the state government is led by the Bahujan Samaj Party , our MP is from Bharatiya Janata Party , our MLA belongs to Samajwadi Party . Even then the foundation stone of the bridge has not been laid. The candidates of these parties should not come to our village seeking our votes,\" the message displayed on banners successfully reflects the mood of the villagers. One can also see wall writings and banners saying 'no bridge, no vote' all over the village.The Hathia villagers feel cheated by the politicians and their hollow promises. \"We will boycott all elections till our demand for a bridge on the Tons river is fulfilled. We have warned the candidates contesting the UP assembly election not to come to our village in request for our votes,\" they said in unison when TOI team made a visit to the village.\"Tell me why we should vote when our elected representatives have been neglecting us. At the time of elections, they promise to fulfill our one and only demand for a bridge but they forget it as soon as elections are over,\" claimed Sunita Upadhyaya, a housewife who survived in a boat tragedy taken place in 2002. \"I cannot forget that fateful day when our overloaded boat carry about 60 persons capsized in the river. It was our luck that we survived and only one person lost his life in this tragedy,\" she said and added \"we remain restless until our children come back safely from school.\"\"The situation becomes critical when ailing persons or pregnant women need emergency healthcare in odd hours. We have to cover a long distance to reach hospital. In 2010, a pregnant woman died due to delayed hospitalisation,\" said gram prdhan Rajendra Kumar Saroj. He said the villagers had been demanding a bridge for a long time, but they intensified their agitation since 2009. \"We met the public representatives, staged demonstrations and submitted memorandum to the chief minister and governor. Though we got assurances, nothing concrete happened so far. Finally we decided to boycott the elections,\" he said. It was the final decision of all villagers. The villagers, including former gram pradhan Sanjay Kumar and BDC member Rambriksha Sonkar, were firm on this decision. \"We want to use our voting rights, but we think that our votes go waste,\" they said.An elderly villager, Shiv Vachan, said the leaders not only refrained from fulfilling promises but also overlooked their problems. They themselves bought a second hand boat at the cost of Rs 70,000. For ferrying people, a boatman was engaged. The boatman is given Rs 100 annually from each household of the village for the service. Not only have the people of this village but the natives of neighbouring villages used the boat service. According the boatman, around 6000-7000 people, including schoolgoing children and women, use boat everyday. As a precautionary measure, they have arranged a wire tied with two poles on both banks. It helps the boatman in ferrying the boat.The village surrounded by the river from three sides has plenty of greenery with orchards of guava and mango. \"Once selected as Ambedkar village, it had pucca roads and electricity. During floods, the width of the river increases manifold, posing threat to people's live,\" said Shiv Vachan. He addd it would not only save time but also bring prosperity to people due to direct linkage with the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748925", "title": "Fire in commissioner\u2019s office in city, none hurt", "text": "MADURAI: A sudden fire caused by an electrical short circuit in the office of the commissioner of police on Friday morning caused tension and panic in the premises.At around 10.30 am, the electrical junction box, situated near the reception desk adjacent to the commissioner's chamber burst with a loud noise, emitting lot of smoke. The fire started spreading quickly with the wires melting in a rapid manner. The policemen in the premises quickly ran to the spot and started controlling the fire.Police sources said that the police personnel used the sand kept in the fire-fighting buckets in the office and tried to douse the fire.Meanwhile, fire and rescue department personnel at Periyar Main Station were alerted. They reached the spot and took preventive measures. The timely action of the policemen, who quickly alerted the EB personnel to disconnect the electrical supply, prevented any further damage, police sources said.No injuries or damage to property were reported due to the fire and fire personnel said that it was minor fire accident due to electrical short circuit.Commenting on the incident, Kannappan said that the building was more than a century old. \"Maintenance works were being carried out regularly and the electrical malfunction was quite unexpected. The proposal for the new commissioner's office at Alagarkoil has been sent to the government. The land adjacent to commissioner's bungalow has been identified for the purpose,\" he said.\"The government has already allotted Rs 3.5 crore for the construction of the buildings for South Gate, Thilagar Thidal, K Pudur and Vilakkuthoon police stations during the earlier budget. The estimation for the new commissioner's office has been sent to the government and we expect the announcement shortly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747688", "title": "Men, too, at risk of breast cancer", "text": "PUNE: This may sound strange, but this is true. Breast cancer in men is on the rise in the city. At least one case of male breast cancer is seen in Pune every month, say experts. Contrary to breast cancer in women, male breast cancer is detected late and spreads faster.\"Although very rare, approximately 1% of all breast cancer is diagnosed in men. Male breast cancer is cancer that forms in the breast tissue of men. Though breast cancer is most commonly thought of as a woman's disease, male breast cancer does occur,\" said cancer surgeon Rakes Neve.There are 12 cancer surgeons in the city. Among them one case of male breast cancer is seen every month, Neve said.According to medical literature, a one out of 100 breast cancer patient is a man. \"At present we can not quantify the increase. But there is definitely a slight rise,\" Neve said.Neve elaborated, \"It is not clear what causes male breast cancer. We only know that male breast cancer occurs when some breast cells begin growing abnormally. These cells divide more rapidly than healthy cells. The accumulating cells form a tumor that may spread (metastasize) to nearby tissue, to the lymph nodes or to other parts of the body.\"Contrary to breast cancer in women, male breast cancer is detected late and spreads faster. \"This is because there is lack of breast tissues in a male breast that facilitates the early spread to nearby body tissues,\" Neve said.Oncosurgeon Sujai Hegde said, \"Male breast cancer is most common in the age group of 45-65 years, though it can occur at any age. The youngest case I have seen is a 31-year-old.\"Due to lack of awareness, this disease is often diagnosed late or misdiagnosed among men, leading to severe consequences, said doctors.\"The suspicion index among doctors is very low. Sometimes, they are also misdiagnosed with gynecomastia, a condition that leads to enlargement of male breasts. By the time it is detected, it already reaches an advanced stage. However, the disease is very much treatable,\" said Hegde.Men diagnosed with male breast cancer at an early stage have a good chance for a cure. Still, many men delay seeing their doctors if they notice unusual signs or symptoms, such as a breast lump. For this reason, many male breast cancers are diagnosed when the disease is more advanced.Consequently, the survival rate for men diagnosed with breast cancer is about 76% compared to about 87% for women. \"This is predominantly because it is detected late. This is in part due to the fact that many men are unaware that breast cancer is a disease that can affect them and also because men, in general, are reluctant to seek medical advice, especially about a breast issue,\" Hegde said.Men with mutation of the BRCA gene are more prone to developing breast cancer. These men are also likely to develop prostate cancer , say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749008", "title": "Court rejects discharge plea by juvenile accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special magisterial court dealing with juvenile offenders on Friday refused to discharge two minor suspects from the trial in connection with the Gulbarg Society massacre.There are four such persons facing trial in this post-Godhra riots case, as they were arrested for the offence. But, they were below 18 years of age at the time of incident in 2002. Hence, they are not being tried with 67 other accused persons before the special SIT court. All the four juvenile accused are on bail.Vishal Nai and Rakesh Patni had sought discharge from the case on contention that they lived in the neighbouring colonies of Gulbarg in Chamanpura area. On the day of incident, they were just passing by the society and were trapped in sudden firing and rioting, and sustained injuries. On the other hand, SC-mandated special investigation team's (SIT) special prosecutor, N K Dahiya and counsel for witnesses, S M Vora opposed the discharge plea.They argued that the accused were arraigned in the case on the basis of medical evidence. tnnThey were implicated in the case by cops after receiving concrete evidence against them, as they obtained treatment in hospital. Moreover, there are evidence establishing their presence at the scene of the offence, and from there they went to the hospital for treatment.The SIT lawyer also contended that there is little chance that a person standing last in a strong mob of 20,000 would be injured, if someone opens fire. They submitted that there is sufficient evidence against the juvenile accused for conducting trial against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11751817", "title": "Aneesh Chopra to leave White House, likely to run for Virginia Lt. Gov.", "text": "Aneesh Chopra, the nation's first chief technology officer, is stepping down from his post spearheading IT initiatives in the Obama White House.He is also likely to announce soon that he will enter the race to run for lieutenant governor of Virginia, the Washington Post reported last week, quoting sources close to the matter.In a short statement, Obama said Chopra \"did groundbreaking work to bring our government into the 21st century\" and \"found countless ways to engage the American people using technology, from electronic health records for veterans, to expanding access to broadband for rural communities, to modernizing government records. His legacy of leadership and innovation will benefit Americans for years to come, and I thank him for his outstanding service.\"Chopra's last day is February 8, said Phillip Larson, a spokesman for the Office of Science and Technology Policy. The White House did not immediately name a replacement.The 39-year-old Chopra and Vivek Kundra , who resigned in June after serving as the first federal chief information officer, were the leading advocates in the Obama administration for the Open Government Directive. They also led the effort to streamline government procurement and innovation policies.Before joining the Obama administration, Chopra was technology secretary for the Commonwealth of Virginia, appointed to the post by Governor Timothy M. Kaine and quitting it in 2009 to join the Obama White House.The Post said that the timing of Chopra's departure allows him to campaign this year, not only for Obama's reelection in the swing state of Virginia, but also for Kaine, who is running to replace retiring Senator James Webb, D-Va.Webb, if he wins the primary, would most likely face off against former Republican Senator George Allen , who was defeated in the 2006 Senate race after he make a derogatory \"macaca\" comment about an Indian American campaign worker for Webb who was tracking Allen's campaign speeches.Chopra, the Post reported, kept his home in Richmond and has \"flirted with running for statewide office in Virginia for years, building up support among Democratic activists and serving on President Obama's transition team in 2008.\"He is expected to attend a major Democratic Party fundraiser Feb. 11 in Richmond.Some federal government observers are speculating that the departure of Kundra, Chopra and other top Obama administration appointees is a setback for the administration's open government and IT initiatives.The high technology community, particular in Silicon Valley , openly welcomed the openness and ideas of the two Indian American technologists at community forums and conferences.The political stalemate in Washington, including the fact that many Obama appointees are still stuck in limbo, awaiting confirmation by a bitterly divided Congress, may have been a contributing factor in Chopra leaving the White House.India-West would have liked to ask him if that was a factor in leaving Washington, but he did not return requests for comment by press deadline.Chopra did talk to an India-based news service. He told PTI, \"After an incredible three years as the nation's first chief technology officer, I am returning to my home state of Virginia to continue my work using innovative new technologies and platforms to improve healthcare, education and energy - and to grow the jobs and industries of the future.\"I want to thank the president for entrusting me with the task of fostering an innovation culture in government, and for his direction, engagement and leadership on applying technology for the betterment of all Americans.\"According to the Washington Post, other Democrats rumored as candidates for lieutenant governor of Virginia are: former Virginia House Minority Leader Ward L. Armstrong, Virginia state Senator Ralph S. Northam and Virginia House delegate Kenneth Cooper Alexander.Republicans exploring a bid include Corey A. Stewart, the Prince William Board chairman who has proposed controversial actions to combat illegal immigration, and Oakton businessman Keith Fimian .Courtesy: India West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11750694", "title": "Andhra MLA\u2019s son a terror in Patancheru", "text": "HYDERABAD: He might be in his early 20s but is already known for creating terror in the Patancheru area of Medak district, which he considers his home turf.The youngster in question is no other than Patancheru MLA Nandishwar Goud's son Ashish Goud, who is yet to be arrested by the Medak district police for allegedly thrashing a worker of a liquor shop about two weeks ago.The district police said that this is not the first time Ashish Goud was involved in a criminal case.\"Ashish kidnapped and assaulted a 25-year-old for teasing the sister of his friend.A kidnap case is still pending against him,'' Patancheru police said. At that time, Ashish was arrested and sent to judicial remand.Police said that Ashish, who is doing his graduation, frequently gets into some scuffle or the other. It is learnt that there is much pressure on the cops to take a lenient view of Ashish's assault on Krishna Goud, the worker of Sri Krishna Wines. Krishna was beaten up by Ashish after he refused to provide him free liquor.According to sources, father and MLA Nandishwar and his associates are said to be exerting pressure on Krishna Goud to withdraw the case.Though it has been nearly 20 days since the incident took place, police are going slow by not taking the initiative to arrest Ashish Goud due to the clout enjoyed by Nandishwar Goud's family in the district. On Thursday district police arrested Chiranjeevi, who is a friend of Ashish, for allegedly being involved in assaulting Krishna Goud along with Ashish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11747830", "title": "Item song leads to another fracas in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An argument over a popular item song screened at a Dahisar theatre sparked violence after a group of youths bashed up a family of three realty brokers on Thursday. 8 persons have been arrested by the Dahisar police, 7 of them minors, on charges of rioting.Real estate broker Louis Vaity (56) and his sons, Amol (32) and Sunny (23) had gone to watch the evening show of 'Agneepath' at Movie Gem Cinema on Thursday. The 7 minors, all school students, were seated in the same theatre. In the second-half of the film, the item number 'Chikni Chameli' drew loud whistles from the crowd. Most of the students got up from their seats and started dancing along. One of them then stumbled into Vaiti, who slapped him. The Vaitys were furious with the disruption and objected to the dancing. This led to an argument between the Vaitys and the students. The theatre management intervened and eventually evicted the students. Feeling humiliated, the boys decided to take revenge and summoned one of their neighbours, Ramesh Vishwakarma alias Lalu (26). Armed with bamboo sticks, the group stood near from the theatre, waiting for the film to end.Around 6.15 pm, Louis and his sons walked out of the theatre and were headed to their Kanjarpada residence in their car. They were accosted by the accused outside Lotus restaurant. \"The accused thrashed the Vaitys with bamboo sticks. Louis sustained injuries on the backside of his head, Amol was injured on his forehead and head while Sunny escaped with minor injuries. The accused also damaged the car, smashing its windshield,\" said assistant commissioner Sunil Deshmukh. \"The accused then fled.\"Louis and Amol have been hospitalized. After Sunny registered a police complaint, the accused were traced. Vishwakarma is unemployed and is a resident of Anand Nagar in Dahisar. A metropolitan court has remanded him to police custody till February 7. The 7 minors have been sent to the Dongri observation home.Last month, the item number 'Chikni Chameli' had triggered bloodshed at a Dahisar-based bar. An argument broke out at Jalsa bar, around 1 am, between a contractor, Rajkumar Gupta, and other patrons. Gupta was asking a female performer to sing the same item number again and again. The other patrons had objected to Gupta's demand. The argument snowballed into a fight, which ended with Gupta opening fire and injuring two persons. He was later arrested on charges of 'attempt to commit murder.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11752775", "title": "2G scam: Swamy's petition to make Chidambaram co-accused dismissed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday dismissed Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's plea to make home minister P Chidambaram co-accused in the 2G case.\"Your prayer to summon Chidambaram as an accused is dismissed,\" Special Judge O P Saini said on Swamy's petition reading out from his much-awaited judgement.The court said it will commence the hearing on the complaint filed by Swamy in which he had made further allegations against former telecom minister A Raja without making Chidambaram an accused from March 17.Reacting to the verdict, Subramanian Swamy said he was 'surprised' by the court's decision, but would now appeal against the decision in the high court with more evidence..Swamy had moved the court seeking to make Chidambaram as co-accused in the 2G spectrum scam alleging he was as culpable as former telecom minister A Raja in determining the prices of scarce spectrum and in allowing the dilution of shares.The Supreme Court on Thursday had refused to direct CBI to investigate the alleged role of Chidambaram leaving it to the special court trying the 2G case.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly, which asked the lower court not to get influenced by its decision, had also refused to direct CBI to \"investigate Chidambaram\".The special judge, on January 21, had reserved the order for February 4 on the plea of Swamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11747989", "title": "Report on scam moots action against officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inquiry report into the fake colonies scam has called for criminal prosecution, including preventive detention, of land grabbers. Divisional commissioner Vijay Dev's report also recommends action against erring officials of all agencies, be it DDA, MCD or the Delhi government, who may have colluded with land grabbers.The scam had started after the state government granted provisional certificates to unauthorized colonies in the run-up to the 2008 Assembly elections. It came to light only last year. The findings and recommendations are part of the divisional commissioner's inquiry report into three cases of fake colonies being issued provisional regularization certificates.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit , in no mood to antagonize the crucial Congress vote bank in unauthorized colonies, had ordered an inquiry by the divisional commissioner into three cases pertaining to Radha Krishna Vihar, Kotla Mahigram Extension and Abul Fazal Enclave-Extension GH Block. The inquiry found these to be fake colonies and detected serious lapses in the process of issuance of certificates. In fact, a flawed MCD survey was made the base for scrutiny of eligibility criteria of mandatory built-up area. The certificates of these colonies were subsequently cancelled.The divisional commissioner's inquiry report into the process of issuance of certificates at large, now under examination of the state government and part of the court files of Delhi Lokayukta, clearly indicates a nexus between land grabbers posing as RWAs and \"officials and non officials\" associated with various departments of agencies like DDA, MCD and the state government.\"Huge chunks of government-, gaon sabha- and acquired land have been collusively allowed to be encroached and subsequently PRCs (certificates) have been issued in respect of these colonies,\" the report concludes.The report also points out that even three years after the issuance of PRCs the unauthorized colonies cell has not done a comprehensive scrutiny on the basis of aerial surveys of 2002 and 2007 to determine their eligibility in accordance with regulations. Following this inquiry report, the state government had decided to put all unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization through a fresh scrutiny using Survey of India images.The fundamental criteria for regularization was that an unauthorized colony had to be in existence on March 31, 2002 and its built-up area should not have been less than 50% on February 8, 2007. The amended regulations of June 2008 allowed the government to issue provisional certificates based on documents and layout plans submitted by RWAs with an undertaking. They laid out that the scrutiny of the same would be carried out after the issuance of certificates.The inquiry report states that the unauthorized colonies cell using the provisions of the amended regulations abdicated its duties and responsibilities in scrutinizing the fundamental eligibility criteria and ignored the stipulation of seeking a sanctioned layout plan.Report on scam moots action against officialsAmbika PanditNEW DELHI: The inquiry report into the fake colonies scam has called for criminal prosecution, including preventive detention, of land grabbers. Divisional commissioner Vijay Dev's report also recommends action against erring officials of all agencies, be it DDA, MCD or the Delhi government, who may have colluded with land grabbers.The scam had started after the state government granted provisional certificates to unauthorized colonies in the run-up to the 2008 Assembly elections. It came to light only last year. The findings and recommendations are part of the divisional commissioner's inquiry report into three cases of fake colonies being issued provisional regularization certificates.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit, in no mood to antagonize the crucial Congress vote bank in unauthorized colonies, had ordered an inquiry by the divisional commissioner into three cases pertaining to Radha Krishna Vihar, Kotla Mahigram Extension and Abul Fazal Enclave-Extension GH Block. The inquiry found these to be fake colonies and detected serious lapses in the process of issuance of certificates. In fact, a flawed MCD survey was made the base for scrutiny of eligibility criteria of mandatory built-up area. The certificates of these colonies were subsequently cancelled.The divisional commissioner's inquiry report into the process of issuance of certificates at large, now under examination of the state government and part of the court files of Delhi Lokayukta, clearly indicates a nexus between land grabbers posing as RWAs and \"officials and non officials\" associated with various departments of agencies like DDA, MCD and the state government.\"Huge chunks of government-, gaon sabha- and acquired land have been collusively allowed to be encroached and subsequently PRCs (certificates) have been issued in respect of these colonies,\" the report concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749024", "title": "Lawyer accused of brandishing gun, abduction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The former government pleader before the Nanavati commission, Arvind Pandya is accused of brandishing his licensed gun to a person, who has got property dispute with the lawyer's driver. The Maninagar police has been investigating the incident.One Dharmish Mehta approached Maninagar police on December 22, three days after he was allegedly threatened by Pandya in order to prevent him from taking possession of the property, Ashutosh Bungalow. Mehta complained that the lawyer arrived with policemen, his commando The lawyer threatened him of dire consequences and said that he was government pleader in the Godhra commissionand also brandished his revolver. He also complained being abducted and forcibly taken to a police station.Pandya, however, claimed that the complaint was a fabrication and filed with ulterior motive that his driver does not get any help in future. His statement has been recorded by Maninagar police. He has stated that the dispute was purely of civil nature and a suit is pending before the court. He just intervened in order to help resolve the problem because his driver did not have any other place to go, if kicked out of his house all of a sudden.Pandya represented the government before the commission for quite some time. Pandya holds a licensed gun. He has also got protection of a commando. He quit his job in the commission following a sting operation showing him claiming that the outcome of inquiry by the commission would be a foregone conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11748666", "title": "Here, sex workers turn gardeners", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Women sex workers are all set to give Alappuzha town a facelift. They have been chosen to execute the 'Alappuzha town beautification project' of the Kerala State Aids Control Society (KSACS) in association with the municipality.\"The project is part of KSACS's Suraksha initiative that aims to reduce the rate of HIV transmission among sex workers and drug users. It will begin next month. We have held talks with municipal authorities in this connection and they have assured us full support,\" Suraksha project district manager Palouse Kuriakose told TOI.As part of the project, a select group of sex workers will be employed as gardeners: they will plant saplings along roadsides, set up gardens along the banks of the canals and roadsides, as well as clean the whole area.\"These women will be trained for this work and they will be paid daily. A fund of Rs 1.5 lakh has been set aside for the first phase of the programme,\" Palouse said. Around 240 sex workers in the municipal area have been identified to carry out the programme. Once Alappuzha town is cleaned , the programme may be extended to Cherthala, Kayamkulam and Haripad municipalities.Municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido told TOI that the civic body would extend all support to this move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11748334", "title": "Sena struggles to finalize its nominees", "text": "NASHIK: Despite extension of the last date for withdrawal of nominations for Nashik Municipal Corporation elections by a day to Saturday, the Shiv Sena is still struggling to finalize all its candidates.The Sena, which is contesting 105 of the 122 seats, are still deadlocked on two seats. Its pre-poll alliance partner RPI (A) will be contesting 17 seats.\"We are still unable to finalize the names for two seats as there are a number of aspirants. The issue is to be settled by Saturday and A-B forms will be given to the remaining two candidates on the same day,\" Shiv Sena city chief Arjun Tile said. \"We have started drafting a manifesto for the polls which will be announced in a day or two after the last day of withdrawal. The manifesto will be based on three points - the fulfillment of commitments we made during last elections, agenda for the next five years and the development we did,\" he said.After parting ways with its ally the BJP, Shiv Sena has formed pre-poll alliance with RPI (Athawale) for NMC polls. Shiv Sena and RPI had reached consensus on contesting 105 and 17 seats, respectively. Of 105, Shiv Sena had announced the first list of 91 candidates on January 31. Of 14 remaining seats, it had given A-B forms to 12 candidates, while the rest of the two candidates are yet to be finalized. In 2007, Shiv Sena and BJP had jointly contested elections to NMC for all 108 seats and had come to power with the support of independents and small parties.Of 108, Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 62 and 46 seats, respectively. Shiv Sena had won 26 seats, while BJP had won 14 seats.However this time the seat-sharing talks between the allies broke down over allotment of seats. Finally, both the parties had decided to contest elections independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11750126", "title": "Dalits rally in Balangir against Lathore torching", "text": "BALANGIR: An outfit of the dalit community took out a rally here on Friday in protest against alleged torching of 30 dalit houses in Lathore village by the upper caste people on January 23. The 5,000 protestors submitted a memorandum to the district collector.Expressing dissatisfaction over the way in which police handled the situation, the outfit members also demanded action against the cops. \"We not only demand action against the erring police officials but also demand that Balangir district be declared SC-ST atrocity prone,\" said Omprakash Kumbhar, president of Lakhe Ghara Ganda Samaj Unnayana Samiti. He said the main accused who engineered the riot, is yet to be arrested.Pointing out that the country liquor shops are also contributing in increasing the differences between upper and lower caste people, the outfit urged the district administration to demolish all such shops. Around 250 men, women and children were shifted to temporary shelter following torching of the houses of dalits. Forty-two persons were arrested and sent to judicial custody. Property worth about Rs 2.5 crore was damaged in the riot.The outfit informed that in the last two years, 12 such incidents have taken place. The atrocity-prone villages, as per the information of the outfit, are Lakarma, Belpada, Jamsar, Pardhiapali, Kalijharan, Bandhpada, Gaibahal, Uparbahal, Bubel and Ambahali. \"In every incident, either false allegations were slapped on lower caste people or the upper caste people insulted the dalits\", said Sitaram Kumbhar, secretary of the outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11749291", "title": "Charge-sheet against 3 RRB officers filed", "text": "BHOPAL: Six years after Rs 43.50 lakh scam involving a regional rural bank (RRB) top officials and wealthy farmers came to light, the State Bureau of Investigation of Economic Offences (formerly EOW) on Friday filed charge-sheet against three bank officers in a Special Court in Raisen district.The charge sheet was filed against Bholaram Rana, Jaswant Singh Chaudhary and Gopal Prasad Garwal, all former branch managers of Hoshangabad RRB's Bareli branch in Raisen on the charge of forgery and other relevant sections of the IPC and under the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988. The special judge Umesh Gupta also granted bail to the accused, who turned up in his court.Earlier, the investigating agency had charge-sheeted eight other accused on May 6 in 2009.\"We have put up challans against the three accused as soon as we got prosecution sanction from the authorities concerned,\" Bhopal EOW Superintendent Arvind Saxena told the TOI.He said the accused shelled out Rs 45.50 lakh loans to the farmers on fake receipts of MP Warehousing Logistic Corporation (MPWHLC) at Badi in Raisen.After handing over their produce to the MPWHLC, the farmers get receipt from the latter which they produce in the rural banks to get 60% of loan instantly. The accused in collusion with them allegedly ff Rs 45.50 lakh, an official said. The EOW had registered the case against the accused in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750546", "title": "Scrap MoUs violating land act, say tribals", "text": "RANCHI: The Adivasi-Moolvasi Astitva Raksha Manch (AMARM), an umbrella organization of tribals and original settlers of the state, has demanded cancellation of all memorandums of understanding (MoUs) signed between the state and corporate houses as it violates the provisions of the CNT Act.The AMARM is also opposed to acquisition of land by the government for Indian Institute of Management and law university at Kanke and Nagri. AMARM convener Dayamani Barla said the MoU signed by the government with the corporate houses was not approved by the Tribal Advisory Council and Gram Sabha. \"We want that all MoUs should be cancelled as it is against the law of the land,\" said Barla adding that the recent judgment of the Jharkhand high court on strict implementation of the CNT Act confirmed the violation.Tthe CNT Act Suraksha Samiti has called a mahapanchayat here on February 19. Tribal leaders and activists from all over the state will address the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752562", "title": "NFAI wants \"Pakhi\"", "text": "Much like \"Ichche\", the National Film Archive of India also wants Gautam Sen's \" Pakhi\" for preservation purposes.Says the director, \"I'm elated to know that they want my film in its collection to preserve preserve it for use as film study material, film research and purely noncommercial screening for students and film activists. I'm now convinced that sincere effort is rewarded.\"The film boasts of a big cast - Badshah, Debasree Roy, Soumitra Chatterjee, Kanchana, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Krishna Kishore and Biswajit Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748234", "title": "Mukhtar Ansari leads tainted lot in second phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second phase of UP assembly elections 2012, is a full-blown show of muscle and money power. The Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW), which has analysed affidavits of 337 candidates out of 1,098 candidates who are contesting the second phase of UP Assembly Elections-2012, reveals that there is no dearth of candidates with criminal antecedents contesting in the second phase as well.Out of 337 candidates analysed, 118 or 35% have declared criminal cases against them. And, 55 (16%) of them have declared serious criminal offences like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion against them.Jailed mafia don Mukhtar Ansari (Quami Ekta Dal, contesting from Mau and Ghosi assembly constituencies) has declared maximum number of criminal cases against him. He has declared 15 criminal cases including 9 serious IPCs. He is followed by Upendra (SP candidate from Phephana constituency in Ballia) and Javed Iqbal (BSP candidate from Kushinagar constituency), who has declared 11 and 5 criminal cases respectively pending against them.Almost all the major parties have given tickets to such candidates. But, SP has taken the lead by giving tickets to 30 such candidates, out of the 59 candidates, which it has given tickets to, in the second phase. Giving strength to the fact that elections are contested on muscle and money power, 138 (41%) candidates out of 337 analysed, are 'crorepatis'.As many as 212 (63%) out of 337 candidates an analyzed are graduates or with higher educational qualifications.T h e number of women candidates is dismal. Out of 1,098 candidates contesting in the second phase of assembly election, only 76 (7%) candidates are women. INC has been the most generous in giving tickets to women. BSP has given tickets to only two women candidates.The combined analysis of first and second phase shows 36% candidates with criminal cases against them. Out of 1,972 contesting candidates for the first and second phase of UP assembly elections 2012, only 141 (7%) candidates are women and rest 1,831 (93%) are men.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11748777", "title": "Govt to allow private stake in rural highways", "text": "KOLKATA: The state cabinet on Friday approved the formation of a Highway Development Corporation to improve rural infrastructure in Bengal. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced her intention to form this corporation in December 2011.Industries minister Partha Chatterjee said that the new corporation would keep state highways and rural roads in good shape. \"Our aim is to ensure connectivity and increase vehicular speed,\" he said. He hoped the rural economy will benefit from the better infrastructure.The new project is known as Swarnali Rasta Prokalpa on the lines of the Prime Minister's Sadak Yojna. It will function on the private-public-partnership model and will have PWD officials on board apart from hired professionals, said Chatterjee. Initially, it will start with a paid up capital of Rs 50 crore.The roads will be maintained for 30 years by the private firms and they can levy a toll tax. The government will get a share of this.Initially, maintenance of Digha and Basanti state highways will be handed over to private firms. \"People will not mind paying tax if roads are in perfect shape,\" an official said.The cabinet also decided to give Urdu the status of a second language in areas where the Urdu speaking population exceeds 10%, like Kolkata, Titagarh, Kamarhati, Asansol, Jamuria and Goalpokhor. People can even write to government offices in Urdu, said Firhad Hakim, urban development minister. The government will give approval for setting up Urdu schools and colleges soon.The government also decided to include Joka I and Joka II under Kolkata Municipal Corporation and hand over the control of Kolkata East West Metro Corporation to the railways for connecting metro link between Salt Lake and Howrah.The PWD, which maintains roads, often suffers from a financial crisis. The corporation, when formed, will also be able to borrow from the market. Officials said several agencies had already shown interest in investing in the PPP model.Moreover, the corporation will also take care of bridges in rural areas and will help industries develop infrastructure so that remote areas like Purulia and Bankura can be offered to industrialists. The corporation can go in for joint venture projects and also raise financial resources from banks and financial institutions.Moreover, the corporation will also be developing land commercially and can also launch housing projects. Again, it can work as a project consultant for big projects and prepare feasibility reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11750582", "title": "Man killed trying to broker peace", "text": "HISAR: A 29-year-old man was killed while attempting to stop two feuding groups from clashing in Khera village of Hisar on Thursday night.According to reports, Ram Dhari, 29, was axed to death when Sonu Kumar and Bittu Kumar clashed with each other along with 10 others and soon began pelting stones on each other. When Ram intervened to try and settle the issue, Sonu picked an axe and hit him on the head. He died on the spot.\"We have registered a case on the complaint of deceased's brother Sunil. A case been registered against Rajmal, Rattan, Bir Singh, Sonu Kumar and Sita Ram. No arrest has been made so far,\" investigation officer Chander Pal said on Friday.Police took the custody of the body and have sent it for postmortem in Hisar general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11750567", "title": "MNS &amp; Congress pay price for silly mistakes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) lost its claim on one seat for the civic elections and the party has itself to blame for it. Mohammed Rafique Sorthiya (ward 220) was disqualified on Friday after his candidature was found \"invalid\" .It was rejected based on a declaration in his affidavit, in which he claimed to be the father of five children, including three born after September 10, 2001. As per norms, a parent of a third child born after the deadline is not eligible.Allaudin Rathod, an independent from the ward, was disqualified similarly.The Congress was forced to change nominations for three seats. The nomination of Suvarna Madhyalkar, a corporator from ward 32 in Malad, was found invalid with her affidavit not containing the notary's signature. Jyoti Vaity may take her place.Annu Chauraisya (ward 217) missed out for the absence of a caste certificate. Sachin Sakat (126) was disqualified as he listed himself as an 'independent'. The nomination of Teresa Francisca Falcon (Mumbai 227) was rejected as she was unable to produce a valid caste certificate.The NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena maintained a clean slate.(With inputs from Linah Baliga)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748067", "title": "Tabla player held for stealing from shrines", "text": "NEW DELHI: He is a tabla player by the day, a devout disciple by evening and a high profile thief by night. Meet Charanjit Singh, a tabla player who carries out burglaries at temples and gurudwaras in south and east Delhi.Interestingly, Singh does not believe that he is breaking any law by stealing at shrines. \"The crown or jewellery on God's idols are mere ornaments and God is not interested in materialistic possessions. The money I pick up comes from donations. So where is my mistake?'' Singh asked investigators.Singh, along with another person, was arrested on Thursday for committing thefts in temples and Gurudwaras in the city. Two members of his gang are absconding. Silver items, worth Rs 2 lakh, were recovered from the duo.\"Singh and his associates, Rajiv and Kulwant, would go for a recce during the day and commit robbery at night. The fences of temples and gurdwaras were lower and security guards rarely guarded them,'' said Ashok Chand, DCP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749651", "title": "Cops check entry registers of hotels", "text": "PATNA: Police on Friday launched a drive in the city to check ID cards on the basis of which some travellers check into different hotels. The drive was apparently undertaken in view of the recent incident where a software engineer's body was recovered from a posh hotel in the state capital. The drive was launched on the directive of Patna SSP.City SP Kim said, \"Search operations were carried out in all hotels under different police stations of the city to check the entry registers of the hotels to ascertain whether the persons who checked into them had done so on the basis of their real identity cards or not.\"She said the drive was also carried out to see whether the hotel managers were providing information about the customers to the police on daily basis or not. It was found that some hotels were not adhering to this directive, the SP said, adding action would be taken against such managers.\"We have also recovered some identity cards from a hotel,\" Kim said and added these would be investigated and FIRs would be lodged against the hotel authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11749388", "title": "Gujarat gets day in Supreme Court, state to get Lokayukta?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Friday admitted an appeal filed by the Gujarat government challenging the state governor's decision to \"unilaterally\" appoint Justice (Retd) R A Mehta as the Lokayukta. The apex court however, did not stay the Gujarat high court order, which upheld the governor's move while criticizing chief minister Narendra Modi for his \"pranks\" that had sparked a \"Constitutional mini crisis\".Legal experts believe this has paved way for Mehta to take over as Lokayukta. A bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar said it would examine the matter at length as vital question of Constitutional law was involved.The bench said it will hear the matter at a stretch of three days from March 20. The court issued notices to all concerned parties and Mehta.The Gujarat government has challenged the high court order upholding the appointment of Justice Mehta as the Lokayukta on the grounds that it was unconstitutional and done without its consent.In the petition filed on January 19 this year, the state government sought stay on the high court order as well as the warrant of appointment issued on August 25, 2011, by the governor.The SC has allowed all interveners to become a party in the matter. Senior lawyer and Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan has been allowed to join in the proceedings as one of the intervening parties. Bhushan has supported Justice Mehta's appointment.This means, for the first time, Team Anna and BJP have come on a collision course on an issue related to corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11749607", "title": "'Sahitya Sammelan strengthens bonds between languages'", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The prestigious 85th Akhil Bhartiya Sahitya Sammelan kicked off with pomp and show here at Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering Research and Technology on Friday. The three-day long literary meet is dedicated to late Sadhnatai Amte, wife of legendary social worker Baba Amte.Noted litterateur and ex-Justice Chandrashekar Dharmadhikari inaugurated the meet in Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Sahitya Nagri, a venue raised at RCERT.Noted Marathi author and poet Vasant Dahake presided over meet, while noted author of Hindi and Punjabi Mahip Singh was chief guest. Chief guest Singh lauded the organizer for their initiative to strengthen rapport between Marathi and other languages, by inviting him a chief guest.\"There is a need of strengthening dialogue between different languages in the country. No such meet ever invite a litterateur of other language. But by inviting me here, organizers here have taken a commendable step,\" he said.President Dahake urged authors to write fearlessly about the oppression and injustice. He said, \"The kind of writing based on pure imagination is past. The writers of new era should select subjects carefully and study the issue in depth, before proceeding to write.\" He stressed on writing over the issues like development over environment and displacement, and corporate capitalism. Justice Dharmadhikari lamented over lack of use of Marathi in courts. He expressed his concern over weakening of bonds with Marathi of the new generation of high society.A souvenir titled 'Hirai' after the only Gond queen that ruled Chandrapur to mark meet was released. All guests were felicitated with mementos. Earlier in the morning 'Granth Dindi', a grand rally of literati, was taken out in the town to mark the occasion. A special welcome song was sung by 500 girl students of FES high school and college at the inaugural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11750596", "title": "NCC cadets all smiles on return", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jap Mehr Kaur Sandhu, Mansukhpreet Kaur, Vimaljeet Kaur, Emanjot Kaur, Hemant Kumar and Satnam Singh are among the National Cadets Corps (NCC) cadets from city who returned with smiles after attending the Republic Day camp at New Delhi. JapMehr, cadet of 3rd Punjab Battalion, would remember this camp for a long time as she won bronze medal in the best cadet competition of junior wing division in the camp. They were overjoyed with their participation on such a prestigious occasion. NCC Group Headquarter, Ludhiana, welcomed them at 1st Punjab R And V Battalion located on PAU premises.All these cadets belonged to different battalions of NCC groups headquarter and have attended a number of camps before getting selected for the Republic Day camp.Resident of Sarabha Nagar, JapMehr is happy with her success in the competition. She said to get a bronze medal in the competition is a matter of privilege. In the best cadet competition, JapMehr took part in various tests like firing, writing, drill and communication skills. Student of class 9 in Sacred Heart Convent School of Sarabha Nagar, JapMehr said she joined NCC in 2011 and within a year received such a big accolade. Now she wants to concentrate on her studies and after completing them, would prepare for the Indian Army to become a commissioned officer.Like JapMehr, resident of Vishkarma Colony, Vimaljeet Kaur is also on cloud nine as she was part of the guard of honour ceremony in the Prime Minister's rally after the Republic Day parade. She said there were cadets from all the directorates who were selected for the guard of honour and she was the fortunate one who made to this position.Sixteen-year-old Vimaljeet is studying in class 11 in RS Model School, Shastri, and her aim is to become a chartered accountant. She joined NCC for improving communication skills and live life with discipline and co-operation. It was also a dream come true for Hemant Kumar of 4th Air squadron NCC when he was selected for the Republic Day camp. Hemant said during the camp, they used to wake up early in the morning and practice very hard.Resident of Rahon road, Hemant has attended a number of camps around the country and feels that NCC has provided him an adventurous life. His dream is to join the Indian Air Force (IAF).Group Commander, Col G P S Sawhney said there were 21 cadets from their group who attended the Republic Day camp. He said three of their cadets have been shortlisted for the Youth Exchange Programme that is a big achievement for the group. Commanding Officer of 3rd Punjab Battalion, Col Subhash Sehgal, 4th Air squadron NCC, Wing Commander, H S Gulati and 1st Punjab R And V Battalion, Col Nagender Singh gave warm welcome to all the cadets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11750627", "title": "Chennai to host world meet in November", "text": "The city witnessed the installation of a Freemason grand master two years ago and will in November host the world conference of Freemasons organised by the Grand Lodge of India.This will be the second time that India is hosting the world conference of the Freemasons. The previous conference was held in New Delhi in 2002.Invitations to the conference, which will be held over two days, have been sent to 140 grand lodges across the globe. Fifty grand lodges and around 500 masons from across the globe are expected to participate.\"We are expecting participation from the grand lodges of Paraguay, South Africa and Germany,\" said Dr Balaram Biswakumar, grand master, The Grand Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons (AF &amp; AM) of India.The theme for the conference will be the role of Freemasonry in peacekeeping activities around the globe. Apart from the keynote address, there will be subthemes relevant to the geographies of the grand lodges. Masons will present papers relevant to the theme and the presentations will be followed by discussions.In the past, the conferences have revolved around subjects relevant to the 21st century. This included environmental issues and role of women in Freemasons. Traditionally, only men can be Freemasons. The United Grand Lodge of England and others do not formally recognize any masonic body that accepts women. Nonetheless, female orders associated with regular Freemasonry such as Daughters of the Nile, Order of the Eastern Star and Order of the Amaranth have emerged in the past few years.The world conferences of Freemasons are held every 18 months. The last conference was held in Bogota, Columbia, in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11748851", "title": "Iron tablets that stick to magnets cause concern", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever heard of a medical iron tablet actually containing free iron particles, that too in a huge quantity? State food and drug administration commissioner Mahesh Zagde initially did not believe it.However, when a Thane-based consumer presented him with the evidence, he was left both stunned and horrified. \"The consumer walked into my office, and in the presence of officials showed how the iron tablet was attracted to a magnet,'' Zagde told TOI.Zagde said he sent the 'Solufer-XT' tablets for testing in the FDA laboratory. An analysis revealed the iron tablet contained 117mg of free iron particles, which is more than 193% the labelled quantity.The content of elemental iron in the tablet, prescribed for anaemia or lack of red blood cells, was way above permissible limits.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde has directed the Himachal Pradesh-based Galpha Laboratories to immediately withdraw the entire stock of the product from Maharashtra.Simultaneously, the FDA has told 76,000-odd medical stores, public health and medical education departments stop prescribing the product.\"Since we are not the licencing authority for the product, we have written to the Himachal FDA and FDA commissioners across the country to ensure the product is not prescribed to any patient. We have also taken up the issue with the Drug Controller of India,'' Zagde said.An analysis by the FDA revealed the iron tablet, 'Solufer-XT', sold in Maharashtra contained 117mg of free iron particles, which is more than 193% of the labelled quantity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11748515", "title": "Offices of 20 agents sealed in student visa scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After unearthing a scam of student visas last year, Chandigarh police on Thursday claimed to expose a racket of unscrupulous agents who were fraudulently assisting gullible people in procuring work permits in gulf countries.Police have sealed the offices of 20 agents, who were running this business without any licence, and also arrested two persons. Police claimed that it is a multi-million fraud and is a close-knitted nexus that involved many big names.\"These companies are running their business by sending aspirants abroad on work permit visa, without obtaining licence from the POE ( Protector of Emigrants). These companies are not registered, they charge exorbitant about of around Rs 7 to 8 lakh and are also not responsible for any kind of eventuality,\" SSP Naunihal Singh said.\"As per rules, only Rs 25,000 or 45-day salary of the applicant can be charged by the agent. We have booked these firms under various sections of the IPC and Immigration Act,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11749319", "title": "Suspense looms over AU student union poll dates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With six student leaders of the Allahabad University sitting on a fast-unto-death on Friday and the district administration giving in writing that it would be able to provide police force only after March 10 for conducting the elections of students union, it is now for the AU authorities to decide whether to postpone the annual examinations, theory papers of which are scheduled to be start from March 3, and hold the election by mid March or hold them only in the next academic session.A meeting of varsity and district administration officials was held at the office of the chief proctor of AU, Prof Jata Shankar, on Wednesday last wherein AU was represented by the Returning Officer (RO) Prof B N Singh along with the chief proctor, the dean student welfare (DSW), Prof R K Singh, AU's security officer and chief proctor, while ADM City Akhilesh Tewari and Superintendent of Police S S Bhagel were the officials from the district administration. Three student leaders too participated in the meeting.The district administration, while discussing at length the probable dates given by AU authorities, made its stand clear that the force can be provided to AU only after Holi, i.e. March 10.In the given situation, the varsity authorities have to rethink over the probable dates for holding the said elections as earlier the RO, Prof B N Singh had proposed conducting the elections between February 17 to 28. But as the district administration will be able to provide police force only after March 10, the elections could be conducted only if the annual examinations are postponed by at least a fortnight.\"We have apprised the V-C about the outcome of the meeting and now it is up to him to decided whether to postpone the exams so as to hold the elections or not\", said the Returning Officer (RO) Prof B N Singh.But postponing the term-end examinations would imply that these exams, practical paper of which have already started in various constituent colleges and AU to follow soon while the theory papers are scheduled to commence from March 3, would have to be shifted by at least a fortnight. Undergrdaute exams of as many as eight dates, falling between March 3 to 12, have to be postponed by the varsity authorities.The Controller of Examination (COE) of AU, Prof H S Upadhayay said, \"Neither am I empowered to postpone the examinations by myself nor am I going to propose the idea in the examination committee and it is totally up to the V-C, on whose direction the meeting of the examination committee can be called and discuss the idea of postponing the exams.\"Although the entire exam programme has to be postponed, my office would certainly try to declare the results by June end thereby preventing the session for getting delayed, he added.Meanwhile, despite the warning of the chief proctor, six student leaders, Vivakanand Pathak, Vikas Kumar Tiwari, Ankit Singh, Anil Yadav, Moher Singh Patel and Rahul Singh, began their fast unto death in front of DSW's office on Friday.Before commencement of the fast, several teachers including the DSW, officiating Chief Proctor in the presence of large number of police officials, tried to pacify the agitated student leaders and requested them not to start with their fast, but it fell on deaf ear and the student leaders started their fast-unto-death.Officiating chief proctor R K Upadhayay said: \"We are mulling over the matter and informed the district administration too about these student leaders sitting on a fast-unto-death and action from our side would follow soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11752623", "title": "Sudipta Chakraborty in \u201cKonne Tui Megastar\u201d", "text": "Sudipta Chakraborty is all set to replace Laboni Sarkar in \" Konne Tui Megastar\".\"I will be doing a non-fiction programme after seven years, so I am all geared up. I love doing such women-oriented shows and trust me, I have more female fans than male. When I interact with them, I get to learn so many things. The show, \"KTMS\", will be relaunched with greater youth connect and the format too will change,\" informed the actor, who is busy doing a cameo in \" Dui Bhubaner Paare\", a megaserial that revolves around a surrogate mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747759", "title": "Doctors use radiotherapy to treat residual cancerous cells rare malignant heart tumour", "text": "PUNE: A 39-year-old woman, who suffered from a rare malignant heart tumour, has been successfully treated with radiotherapy for residual cancerous cells (RCC). The RCC are traces of cancer cells that remain even after the tumour is surgically removed, and is a major cause of relapse. The success of this treatment is significant since heart is a soft-tissue organ and sensitive to radio waves.According to the doctors concerned, it is for the first time that radiotherapy has been used as supplemental treatment to treat the residual cancerous cells in a patient with cardiac sarcoma. The malignant heart tumour is a rare entity and is a difficult condition to tackle. Despite relatively dismal chances of recovery, however, judicious use of multimodality treatment can help improve the outcome and quality of life, say doctors.\"Since the chances of local recurrence were very high, it was decided to treat the patient with radiotherapy. With the high-precision radiotherapy delivery techniques, it is possible now to treat partial heart with adequate dose of radiotherapy without damaging the heart's healthier portion. This significantly reduces the chance of recurrence,\" radiation oncologist Bhooshan Zade of the Ruby Hall's Cancer Centre said.\"Heart is a radio sensitive structure. But the very fact that the tumour has recurred within a span of six months and there is a residual disease after surgery, the risk from the disease would have been very high if we had left the residual cells untreated.\"The woman, who hails from Orissa, had complications related to breathlessness and palpitations. \"On evaluation with 2D-ECHO, she was found to have right ventricular tumour. She underwent surgery for the removal of the tumour in September last year. The histopathology of that tumour came out to be myxoma (benign tumour of heart) post first surgery,\" said medical oncologist Minish Jain of the Ruby Hall's Cancer Centre.For the next six months, the patient did well. Soon after, she underwent similar complications, and this time, there was severe drop in her platelet count.\"She was evaluated again at the Asian Heart Institute, Mumbai, where she was found to have right ventricular recurrent tumour going into the right atrium damaging the tricuspid valve. She was again taken up for surgery, and removal of mass with repair of tricuspid valve. The histopathology report came out to be cardiac sarcoma, a type of cancer,\" said Jain.One month after the surgery, the patient was advised PET-CT, a type of imaging modality for evaluation. The PET scan showed a small residual disease at right side of interventricual septum - the stout wall separating the lower chambers (the ventricles) of the heart from one another.Jain referred her to Zade for opinion regarding radiotherapy. Both the doctors discussed the case in tumour board and various national and international fora.\"Due to paucity of literature, there are no guidelines available. Eventually, after discussion with patient and family, we took the challenge of treating it with radiotherapy,\" Zade said.Heart is a structure that beats continuously. Hence, it becomes very difficult to target one particular portion of heart taking into account its movement during heartbeat and respiration. Hence, 2 D-ECHO was used to find the range of motion of that part of heart. The PET-CT technique was used to identify the diseased portion of heart for radiotherapy planning.Radiotherapy planning was done at Ruby Hall's Cancer Centre using multiple photon beams under stereotactic guidance. Radiotherapy delivery was done under Cone Beam CT image guidance (IGRT). Total dose of radiotherapy was delivered over six weeks.\"The patient responded to the treatment well. After six weeks of treatment, a PET-CT scan was repeated which showed complete resolution (disappearance) of the residual disease. Muga Scan was done for assessing her heart functions. It found them completely normal,\" said Jain.\"It is six months now. Post-treatment, the patient is absolutely fine. Radiation therapy has become very safe and effective with latest state of the art modalities,\" Zade said. The doctors have planned to submit the case report to an international radiation oncology journal for peer-review and publication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11748260", "title": "Students may approach HC for refund", "text": "GURGAON: The agitating students of Anupama Engineering Institute located near Bilaspur in Gurgaon are planning to approach the Punjab and Haryana high court to seek refund of their fees.Over 70 final-year students had taken to the streets on Thursday seeking action against their institute, whose affiliation under Maharishi Dayanand University (MDU) got cancelled in November last year.The students had met the representatives of the MDU demanding admission to other engineering colleges offering the same courses. \"After discussion, it has emerged that we would get admission in other colleges but we would face the problem of fees and for this we are planning to approach the high court,\" said Nikhil Yadav, a fourth-year student.Each student had paid Rs 70,000 as fees for their final year. \"Now if we get admission in another institute, we will have to arrange for the fees which is going to be difficult since our parents have already taken loans to pay up the fees,\" said another student, Satish Kumar.The students are unsure of the fate of their crucial years. Some of them are fearing that they might end up going nowhere. The institute caters to both local residents and students belonging to the NCR. \"I have been living in a rented room here and studying for the course. If I fail to get admission elsewhere, I'll waste a crucial year,\" said Kumar.The students had complained of poor infrastructure and the lack of teaching staff in the institute. The institute is located in Bilaspur in Gurgaon and the students claimed that its building is still under construction.The agitating students have already registered a complaint with the district administration. \"The district authorities may take action but the students will still approach the high court,\" said another student.Meanwhile, the institute has dragged the MDU to court over the issue of cancellation. \"The university should have thought about the future of students who are studying in the final year. We are eagerly waiting for the court hearing scheduled on March 3,\" said a senior executive of the institute, pleading anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748418", "title": "Outsider\u2019s Tag Yet To Go", "text": "LUCKNOW: After tasting political success in different states of India and subsequently forming a government in which they have a say, political parties from other states have been trying rather hard to play the role of kingmaker, if not the king in UP's ever-changing and continuously evolving political set-up. However, the decline in their vote share in the past two assembly elections and the previous Lok Sabha election, indicate that they are still far from capturing the reins of power in the politically crucial state.Out of 246 candidates put up by nine political parties from other states in 2002 assembly election, only two managed to win, while more than 94% of the candidates had to forfeit their deposits. The total votes polled by these parties was 9,67,158, while the votes polled by them were barely 1.8%.Similarly, in 2007 assembly election, the total candidates in the fray were 277 from 11 political parties. Thanks to Mayawati's social engineering, 98% of the candidates were forced to forfeit their deposits, while only one was able to romp home. BSP's landslide victory also reflected on the vote polled (of political parties from other states), which decreased to 1.637%. Even in the 15th general election held in 2009, the performance of these political parties was very poor.Among all the parties, the performance of Janata Dal (United) could be termed as the best, as it won from two assembly segments. In Hainsarbazar (reserved) seat, JD(U)'s Sankhlal Majhi defeated Dashrath Prasad of SP by 4190 votes, while in Gunnaur, which is considered as Mulayam Singh Yadav's pocket borough, JD(U)'s Ajit Kumar alias Raju Yadav defeated SP's Ram Khiladi by 5,181 votes. The percentage of votes polled by the party was 0.58, while eight party candidates had to lose their deposits.Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) (Liberation), All India Forward Bloc, Janta Dal (Secular), Muslim League Kerala State Committee (MLKSC), Rashtriya Janta Dal and Shiv Sena failed to open their account in Uttar Pradesh in 2002 assembly poll and all the candidates fielded by these parties had to forfeit their deposits in 2002 assembly election. The percentage of votes polled by All India Forward Bloc and Janta Dal (Secular) was 0.01, while it was 0.04% for MLKSC, RJD and Samta Party. Shiv Sena could manage to get only 0.07% of the votes polled, while CPI (M-L) (Liberation) could get 0.12% of the votes.However, the solace for these parties comes from the fact that out of 97 candidates fielded by Indian National Lok Dal, only 1 could retain the deposit, while the votes polled by the party was 0.53% (second to JD-U). As many as five candidates out of nine of Samta Party also retained their deposits. The picture in 2007 was also not too rosy for these parties, as eight parties, which include CPI(ML)-Liberation, All India Forward Bloc, JD-S, Lok Janshakti Party, MLKSC, RJD, Revolutionary Socialist Party, Shiv Sena and United Democratic Party failed to open their accounts. Only Dhananjay Singh of JD-U brought some consolation for these parties, as he won from Rari assembly seat in Jaunpur.Four candidates of JD-U and one candidate of Rashtriya Janta Dal could mange to retain their election deposit. In terms of votes polled, JD-U bagged 0.42% votes, while the corresponding figures of RJD and LJP were 0.26% and 0.16% respectively. Rest of the parties could not even get 0.1% of the votes in the state.Nationalist Congress Party contested as a national party and got 0.28% and 0.1% votes respectively in 2002 and 2007. In 2002 it fought from 78 seats losing its deposit at 77 segments, while in 2007, the party contested from 44 assembly seats and had to forfeit its deposit from all the constituencies. In the 2009 Lok Sabha election, the performance was more or less the same, as none of them could even finished as the third runner-up in the state. JD-U's 0.14% votes polled was the highest in the state (among these parties), while it was negligible for All India Forward Bloc and JD-S. The total votes polled by JD-S in UP in 2009 election was 595.Nationalist Congress Party fought from 11 seats in the 2009 general election as a national party, but failed to bag a single seat. It only managed to get 138455 votes and its share was a paltry 0.12%.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11749625", "title": "BJP mum on JD(U) remark on UP polls", "text": "PATNA: State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur on Friday refused to give his comments on the diatribe of the JD (U) leadership, including its national chief Sharad Yadav and chief national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary, that the BJP wasn't in the reckoning in the UP assembly polls. \"It is an internal matter of our alliance on which I cannot comment. In fact, I have not yet read their comments,\" Dr Thakur said.Meanwhile, five senior leaders of the Bihar BJP - road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav, urban development minister Prem Kumar, labour resources department minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal, former state BJP chief and co-in charge of the party's Bihar affairs Radha Mohan Singh and the party's deputy leader in Bihar legislative council Ganga Prasad Chaurasia - would be in UP on different dates from February 5 to February 12 to campaign for the party's candidates in various assembly constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11750353", "title": "Problem in chopper leaves Lahaul cut off", "text": "MANALI: All emergency helicopter sorties to snow-bound Lahaul-Spiti district of Himachal have been cancelled due to technical problems in the chopper since Wednesday and people would only be able to get the facility after at least four more days.All road links to Lahaul valley have been blocked with heavy snowfall and chopper service would be the only mode of transportation between Lahaul and Kullu till May 2012. Technical problem in the 20-seater chopper, which has been leased from Mesco Airlines, has scared hundreds of people in the valley who remain dependant on flight for all emergencies.\"Inclement weather and cancellation of helicopter service has led to worry among people in Lahaul, considering that no emergency help would be available during this period,\" Sanjeev Shashni, a resident of Sissu village, lamented. He rued that the government has no backup plan to tackle such situations. Another resident of Keylong, Sheru Bodh, said that it was unfortunate that they are totally dependent on the health of a flying machine in emergency situation. \"Our hospitals do not have facilities and patients are needed to be airlifted to Kullu frequently. Winter is the time when illnesses knock at every door here,\" he added.A four-seater small chopper was hired for Friday and three sorties were scheduled between Kullu and Lahaul especially for staff supervising teacher's eligibility test (TET on Sunday. But the sorties were cancelled due to inclement weather. Sources said the test could be postponed or cancelled if the staff does not reach Lahaul on time.Kullu-Lahaul flight committee in-charge Roop Lal said the chopper had a critical problem in its rotor blades and they had to cancel all sorties. \"It could take 3 or 4 more days for the chopper to be fit to carry passengers across the Rohtang pass. Once it reaches Kullu, flights would be operated regularly according to the schedule made by the general administrative department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11748763", "title": "Juniors send seniors off with sweet memories", "text": "MYSORE: Campus life has a flavor to it that is far more memorable than most other life experiences. Not surprisingly, this flavor most often emanates from the cafeteria over coffee and food with dear friends. In a bid to leave a lingering fragrance in the minds of the graduating batch, their juniors at SDMIMD, Mysore, have arranged a 15-day food festival of 15 states on its campus. The institute has students from 21 different states studying there.The initiative, spearheaded by the mess committee of the institute, aims to bring together cuisines and delicacies from 15 states. Recipes are pouring in from all parts of the country over long-distance calls to mothers and grandmothers. The members of the mess committee, assisted by students of the respective states, will prepare the regional favorites.The cuisines that will be on offer are from Maharashtra, J&K;, Bihar, Karnataka, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Punjab &amp; Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh. One batch of students will be passing out in March this year. In a bid to leave a lingering fragrance in the minds of the graduating students, junior students have arranged the food festival. The members of the mess committee with assistance of students from respective states will prepare the regional flavor, adds Neetu Ganapathy, assistant professor and event coordinator.The culinary celebration which commenced on February 2 will conclude on Feb 18. The mela will start at 7.30pm every day on these days and students will serve the graduating students with an array of dishes.Sourya Shubhanjan, final year student from Orissa says: \"The tradition of organizing food mela during farewell parties started last year. Former students who got to know about the event through a social networking site were overwhelmed by the concept. This year they are the expecting alumni to take part in it. It's very nice to have this type of mela. We will have the opportunity to taste different delicacies of different states,\" said Sourya. \"Through this event we will also be able to learn managerial skills like how to manage with limited supply,\" she added. SDMIMD offers a two-year residential postgraduate diploma in management (PGDM) programme approved by AICTE, Union ministry of HRD.Feb 4: Uttar Pradesh Feb 5: Karnataka Feb 6: Delhi Feb 7: Seven Sister States Feb 9: Madhya Pradesh Feb 10: West Bengal Feb 11: Rajasthan Feb 12: Kerala Feb 13: Punjab and Haryana Feb 14: Orissa Feb 15: Tamil Nadu Feb 17: Gujarat Feb 18: Andhra Pradesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11748042", "title": "Celebrations were on till midnight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nitin, the paraplegic who claimed to have murdered his family, told the cops that he strangled his wife with a dupatta and smothered his son with a pillow.\"We received a call around 1.50am from Nitin who claimed he had killed his wife and son. The door of their bedroom was broken open and the police team found bodies of Shweta and Garv covered by a quilt and Nitin lying by their side. The two were declared 'brought dead' in hospital,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (Outer).The incident took place on the night of the couple's sixth marriage anniversary. The police have registered a case of murder and attempt to suicide against Nitin and arrested him. \"We are waiting for the autopsy report to know the exact cause of death and other details,\" Jaiswal said. Despite the arrest, cops were surprised as to how a wheelchair-bound person could commit the murders. Nitin had recently relocated to sector 22, Rohini.Nitin's family members said the couple had celebrating their anniversary on Thursday night, getting a cake and eatables from the market. The family members went to sleep around midnight and woke to the police knocking on their doors around 2am.\"After the celebrations, Rohit and Shivam - Nitin's brothers - went to their room and I remained in the living room where I usually sleep. Nitin and his wife went to their room. Garv wanted to sleep by my side but her mother took her to their room. Late at night police knocked on the door saying they had received a call. Inside the bedroom, Shweta and Garv were lying dead,\" said Sushma, Nitin's mother. Sushma said Nitin was paralyzed in an accident three years ago, when a military truck hit his bike from behind in South Extension. \"He suffered spinal cord injuries and has since been on a wheelchair,\" she said.Shweta's family was outraged by the deaths and alleged foul play by the Mainis. \"Nitin could not have killed his family. He was to get around Rs 21 lakh as relief for the accident and we suspect the family conspired to get the money. Shweta and Garv were the nominees and till they were alive, the money could not go to the family. We want a high level enquiry,\" said Dinesh Verma, Shweta's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11748085", "title": "Advocates, judges accord warm farewell to Justice Pradeep Kant", "text": "LUCKNOW: Oudh Bar Association on Friday accorded an emotional farewell to former senior judge of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court, Justice Pradeep Kant, who retired on February 2, 2012. On the occasion, Justice Uma Nath Singh, who has taken over the change as the new senior judge, extended his good wishes for future engagements and remember that Justice Kant's judgement who always keep him remember by the whole legal fraternity. OBA president Anil Tiwari presented a memento to Justice Kant and said that his retirement has created a void in the Lucknow bench.All the judges of the Lucknow bench and several former judges also attended the farewell function. Senior vice-president of OBA, GS Shikharwar, general secretary Vishal Dixit, and other office bearers also gave good wishes to Justice Kant on behalf of the OBA members. A large number of lawyers had graced the occasion to give the farewell to Justice Kant. Addressing the huge gathering of lawyers, Justice Kant was overwhelmed by the love and support extended by the lawyers. He said that when he became a judge in 1999, after 28 years of practice in the Lucknow bench, he had to miss the corridors and now as he retired, he had to leave the whole premises, which he would miss everyday.However, he controlled his emotions, even as his eyes were moist, but the former judge did not let tears flow down. The lawyers gave him standing ovation as he left the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11751986", "title": "NRIs enhance prestige of India, says CG on Republic Day", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Despite a global economic depression , India has managed to continue its ascending trajectory of growth, said San Francisco Indian Consul General Nageshrao Parthasarthi 0n January 26, at the consulate's annual Republic Day celebrations.The new consul general, who took up his post Oct. 13, noted India's consistent six to seven percent growth rate. \"We have the confidence to grow and stand tall among the greatest of nations,\" said Parthasarathi, to a colorfully-dressed crowd of more than 400 people who attended the event at the Palace of Fine Arts here.Overseas Indians have made tremendous contributions both to India and their adopted lands, stated Parthasarathi. \"You have enhanced the prestige and status of India,\" he stated, noting that India-U.S. relations are \"the best that have ever existed.\"\"The oldest democracy and the largest democracy must join hands\" to solve global issues,\" said the Mysore, Karnataka native, who most recently served as ambassador to Senegal.As Parthasarathi read out Indian President Pratibha Patil's Republic Day speech - which in part called for India to respond to its civil rights issues - a handful of proestors outside the Beaux Arts-period building handed out flyers and got signatures on a petition demanding the release of two Indian activists. The group also demanded that police cease their alleged practice of torturing prisoners (see separate story).In her speech, Patil said that India must strive towards an equality of opportunity as it prospers economically. India's priorities must be the complete removal of poverty and malnutrition, she stated, emphasizing the reinforcement of the health and education sectors to achieve that goal.Last month, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh released a national survey which found that 42 percent of children under five were malnourished. Singh called the report's findings \"a national shame.\"California Senate Majority leader Ellen Corbett also attended the event, dressed festively in a red silk salwaar kameez. Earlier that day, Corbett introduced a resolution on the floor of the Senate, declaring Jan. 26 \"India Republic Day\" in California (see separate story).\"I represent the East Bay's vibrant Indo-American community and they are a force to be reckoned with,\" said Corbett, to laughter from the audience.\"I am a proud friend of the longest democracy and a good friend of the largest democracy,\" she said, presenting a framed proclamation to Parthasarathi.Anu Natarajan, Mayor Pro Tem of Fremont, Calif., also spoke at the celebrations. \"As the world changes and we look for the ideal democracy, what better models do we have than India and the US,\" she said, noting the relative successes of the \"Occupy Movement\" in this country and Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement in India.\"As someone who grew up here, it's quite incredible to see the maturing of the Indian American community,\" said San Jose, Calif., city councilman Ash Kalra.\"You have made it possible for me to serve my community,\" said Kalra.Madhav Misra and Jim Herlihy, co-chairs of the San Francisco-Bangalore Sister City Initiative, along with Kumar Malavalli, also presented the consulate with a plaque from San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee's office.Misra noted that the initiative was partnering with The Indus Entrepreneurs to launch a product innovator scheme that would provide financial backing and mentoring to select entrepreneurs in India.On the sidelines of the event, Sean Randolph, president of the Bay Area Council Economic Institute, told India-West that the Council was exploring the idea of opening an office in Bangalore.Mallavali noted the unprecedented success of the \"Maharajah\" exhibit, currently on display at the Asian Art Museum, and told India-West he intends to bring more such shows to the San Francisco Bay Area.The idea for the \"Maharajah\" exhibit was developed during a visit to Bangalore by the Sister City committee, explained Mallavali, one of the primary organizers of the show.Students of the Chitresh Das Dance Company performed at the festivities under the direction of Charlotte Moraga, a senior disciple of the legendary kathak maestro Chitresh Das.Courtesy: India West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11748852", "title": "TNCCI team meets finance minister, seeks tax exemptions", "text": "MADURAI: A delegation from the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry on Friday met Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi and submitted a pre-budget memorandum for the Central Budget 2012-2013 demanding that the Union government exempt semi-mechanised units in the safety matchstick industry from excise duty.The delegation consisted of TN president N Jegatheesan, senior president S Rethinavelu, secretary J Rajamohan, treasurer D S Jeeier Babu, and former member of parliament AGS Ram Babu.They said, \"In the safety matchstick industry, fully mechanized units and semi mechanized units were treated equally for levy of Central Excise. Hence, semi mechanized units which provide substantial employment in rural areas are unable to withstand the acute competition and are slowly becoming sick. They should therefore be provided with complete exemption from excise duty or with concessional rate of duty when compared to fully mechanized units.\"Underlining that the SSI sector should be rejuvenated by enhancing central excise exemption limits, they said considering the present inflation and increased cost of inputs, the annual turn over exemption limit for central excise levy for SSI sector should be increased from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 3 crore, and the value of clearance in the previous year to avail SSI benefit in the following year should be enhanced from Rs 4 crore to Rs 8 crore in order to rejuvenate the sector.The delegation strongly objected to the levy of service tax on goods transport agencies on trade and industry who are only the recipients of such services instead of lorry transporters who actually provide such service. Further the service tax exemption limit of Rs 10 lakh allowed for all services is not made applicable for goods transport agency service. In all fairness, such benefit of exemption limit should be made applicable to trade and industry players also who are liable to pay service tax on goods transport agency.Advocating an enhancement in income tax rate slab, they said individual income tax threshold should be increased to Rs 2.5 lakh for men, Rs 3 lakh for women and Rs 4 lakh for senior citizens. The rate slabs should be finalized as 10 percent for income over and above the threshold up to Rs 5 lakh, 20 percent between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh and 25 percent above Rs 10 lakh.They further said the annual turnover limit for mandatory tax audit for non-corporate entities under section 44 AB of the Income Tax Act should be increased from the present Rs 60 lakh to Rs 2 crore.Stating that the new unified Goods and Service Tax which subsumes indirect taxes like Central Excise, Service Tax and State levied Value Added Tax, is highly beneficial to trade and industry, they sought that the integrated Direct Tax Code be implemented as early as possible.They also put another demand in the memorandum that the Chamber of Commerce, registered as a non-profit organization, should not be Service taxed on subscriptions collected by them and income tax on the surplus amount accrued in their trade promotion activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11750532", "title": "CCL achieves 107% output in Jan 2012", "text": "RANCHI: Central Coalfields Ltd chairman-cum-managing director R K Saha on Friday reviewed the monthly performance of the company at its coordination meeting.In January, the company produced 5.634 million tonne coal against the target of 5.28 MT. The production was 107% against the target. However, the growth was 26.5% growth in January compared to the year-ago period. Director (technical/operation) T K Nag, director (finance) A Chatterjee, director (personnel) R R Mishra and other officers were also present in the meeting. CCL will also observing productivity week from February 12-18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11747443", "title": "'No Right to Reject? Choose next best option'", "text": "PUNE: Upset with political parties for nominating the same faces, relatives and people with criminal backgrounds as candidates in the civic election, youngsters in the city want immediate consideration of the Right to Reject proposal.\"There is no promising face in the list of candidates in my locality. All parties have nominated the same people who have been in the civic body for years. Some have introduced their sons, wives and relatives to politics. We do not want to vote for them. The government should immediately introduce the Right to Reject option,\" Vishal Kale, a college student, said.Citizens, especially youngsters, who are a part of various civic organizations are unhappy with political parties and their candidates. Sensing the resentment among voters across the country, chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi last week had said the time had come to consider the Right to Reject proposal. More discussions were required to prevent political parties from fielding criminal candidates, he added.Deepak Bharadia, a leader from Indian Against Corruption's Pune chapter, said, \"Such a proposal was demanded by Team Anna. One reason for the middle and upper class not voting is because they are unhappy with the candidates. But we want youths to vote for the best option available. Abstaining from voting is not the answer to any problem.\"Civic organizations and political parties have insisted that people should not abstain from voting and instead choose the best available option till the Right to Reject proposal becomes a reality.Congress city unit Chief Abhay Chhajed said political reforms are possible only through public participation. \"We want young people to vote for candidates who will work for the development of the city. We are reaching out to all strata of society to convince them about our commitment.\"Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) city unit chief Vandana Chavan said that her party had developed its grassroots network so that every voter could be approached. \"We want to ensure maximum voting across the city,\" Chavan said.\"The day we will publish our manifesto, we will ensure that every household in the city will have the copy it. Before polling day, we will try to reach each and every voter at least once. Youngsters are our main focus as they will vote for change,\" BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said.Ketan Kothale from Dhankawadi said he did not with agree with political parties on many issues and it is not necessary to like all candidates. \"However, I will vote for a candidate who will promise basic infrastructure like water and roads in my locality. We have decided to take a follow-up of the development work even after elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-04"}
