{"city": "panchkula/chandigarh", "code": "11944748", "title": "Criminals eye \u2018soft targets\u2019 for extortion", "text": "PANCHKULA/CHANDIGARH: Criminals, in a bid to make their job easy, have taken to target women for extorting ransom. Two lady doctors in the Tricity received around 50-55 calls (besides SMSs) from two accused, demanding ransom and threatening to kidnap their kids if the amount is not paid.Police say this is first incident where such threat calls have been directed towards women.Dr Swati Vohra, who works at Batra Laboratory, Sector 10, Panchkula, had been getting ransom calls for the past three days. But, it was only after another doctor, Dr Anju Bhandari, who has a clinic in Sector 22, Chandigarh, got similar calls on Friday; the Chandigarh police swung into action. They arrested two youths, Gurpreet Singh and Sunny Kumar, as their call details revealed they had made calls to Vohra as well.Dr Bhandari lives in Sector 4, Panchkula. Gurpreet and Sunny of Ambala were arrested when they came to collect Rs 5 lakh ransom from Dr Bhandari in Sector 22. The duo had demanded Rs 10 lakh from Dr Vohra against her daughter's safety.Gurpreet, a lab technician, had worked at Batra Laboratory before joining a lab in Sector 9, Panchkula. Threat SMSs and ransom calls started troubling Dr Bhandari on Friday while Dr Vohra had been receiving such calls since Wednesday.Sub-inspector Rajiv Kumar, in charge of PP-22, said the accused were already wanted in a similar case registered at Sector 5 police station in Panchkula. Gurpreet had obtained a list of Tricity pathologists while working at Batra Labarotary and started making ransom calls to selective targets.SHO of Sector 5 police station, Panchkula, Ajay Singh said the youths had spoken to Dr Vohra's husband too. He said they had fixed up some time on Saturday to call Dr Vohra to let her know when and where do they want the money. But, Chandigarh cops nabbed them during their first collection from Dr Bhandari in Sector 22. The duo would be produced in Sector 17 district court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949453", "title": "'There is no night without parties...'", "text": "Television's new 'bad boy' Abhaas Mehta, aka Shyam of Iss pyar Ko Kya Naam Doon loves to party with his friends whenever he gets time; but not publicly.As he clears the air about his hobbies and other party habits, he says, \"Because shooting schedules are so hectic, I hardly get any time to go out and party. When I am free, I am mostly sleeping or hanging out with friends.\" He goes on to add, \"I am a fitness freak. I spend a lot of time in the gym. I like to relax and watch movies alone. But my most favourite pass-time is my Play Station! My friends and I have gaming sessions.\"About staying in the limelight and attending more parties, Abhaas has a different view altogether. He says, \"I like the opportunity to meet new people. But I stay very far away and so I am not too much into this industry. So I do not attend all filmy parties or awards or any such events. There is no night without parties but I do not like to party to stay in the limelight. Partying with my close buddies and keeping it a private affair is what I prefer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944808", "title": "Banks, schools, colleges hold voter awareness programmes", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 400 employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) pledged to cast their vote in the assembly elections on Saturday. They took the pledge before the district magistrate, Kanpur Nagar.Under the week-long voter awareness programme, a function was organised at the bank which was chaired by the district magistrate and senior bank officials. Addressing bank employees, the chief guest urged them to cast their vote and apprised them of the significance of their vote.Dr Akhilesh Mishra, additional district magistrate, civil supplies, informed them about latest developments in voting and the use of electronic machines. Suresh Chandra, acting general manager, SBI also asked the bank staff to cast vote as it would be a healthy exercise for democracy.Meanwhile, a number of people put their signatures on a 40-metre-long banner. A K Bajpai, senior general manager, BSNL, inaugurated the programme 'Kanpur ka Vada - 75 % se zyada'. An appeal was also made by imams of various city mosques to Muslims to cast their votes.Schoolchildren and college students also took out a rally to create voter awareness in their areas. Students were carrying placards and banners saying 'Jago matdata jago aur vote karo'. Also, students and faculty of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University organised a voter awareness programme on the university campus on Thursday. Inaugurating the programme, CSMU vice-chancellor, Ashok Kumar urged people to exercise their democratic right of franchise and vote in a candidates with clean image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944558", "title": "AP not alone in facing power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: The four southern states, including Andhra Pradesh , are in the grip of a severe power crisis. In an unprecedented situation, the shortfall in the four on Saturday touched 5,300 MW with Tamil Nadu topping the list with a shortfall of 3,000 MW. For the first time, Karnataka has invoked section 11 of the Electricity Act to prevent private power generators in the state from selling power to neighbours.According to sources, Tamil Nadu and AP are also mulling such a drastic step to tide over the crisis. The state on Saturday experienced a shortfall of 1200 MW forcing AP Transco and the discoms to resort to unofficial power cuts in the municipal and rural areas. Officials hinted at imposition of power cuts in the Greater Hyderabad region once again from the next week due to the alarming crisis.While the shortfall is expected to touch about 2,000 MW by March this year, Transco has tie-up with different sources to purchase only 1000 MW, and that too looks doubtful now in view of the crisis occurring at national level. According to sources, the total power demand will reach 13,050 MW in March, while the availability will be only 9,900 MW. As a result, even after purchasing 1000 MW, the gap would be more than 2,000 MW indicating a serious power crisis this summer. \"Whatever possible, we have done already. If the demand increases beyond 11,000 MW per day, there is no way we can deal with it except imposing power cuts suitably,\" AP Transco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain told STOI.Even if power is available outside the state, the transmission corridor, which can transmit only about 1,500 MW every day, has been booked by the four southern states leaving no room for fresh purchases. Tamil Nadu has already imposed steep power cuts on all categories of consumers across the state, while Karnataka has banned sale of power outside the state. In the meanwhile, on Saturday, the 500 MW Kakatiya Thermal Power Plant in Warangal district tripped due to boiler leakage forcing the power utilities to impose power cuts in the Telangana districts. The situation can only worsen as several thermal power stations have been operating without any break since December 2011 due to the unprecedented power demand in the state and can experience breakdowns anytime, said the sources. \"All thermal stations are running at peak level and generating about 4,700 MW every day,\" AP Genco managing director, K Vijayanand told STOI. With no inflows into the reservoirs, the hydel power generation has virtually come to a standstill except for Srisailam power station, which has been pressed into service during the peak-hour demand. Further inflows into these reservoirs are expected only in June-July when the monsoon rains lash the Krishna basin area.Meanwhile, Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) reduced the gas production in the KG basin leading to further drop in the gas supplies to the gas-based power generating stations in the state. While the total gas-based power generation capacity is 3,037 MW, the state is currently able to produce only 1760 MW per day due to shortfall in gas supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950738", "title": "The genre debate", "text": "The debate is catching on like wildfire. While one school of thought abhors the five nominations that the Dubstep genre garnered for this year's Grammy awards , the other group hails it as the new dawn of an age ruled by electronic music and programmed sounds.Especially with Dave Grohl (ex-Nirvana, Them Crooked Vultures and Foo Fighters ) having commented on his Grammy acceptance speech: \"\"This award means a lot because it shows that the human element of making music is what's most important. Singing into a microphone and learning to play an instrument and learning to do your craft, that's the most important thing for people to do.\" He went on, pointing to his heart and his head saying, \"It's about what's in here\" and commenting on the fact that \"It's not about being perfect\".Therefore, as the debate rages on, we take inputs from a few local and upcoming musicians on which side of the traditional vs. programming debate the stand in.Mathey Koshy, guitarist in his school band says that though he loves Dubstep artistes like Deadmau5 and Skrillex , nothing beats the classic charm and the live presence of bands like Led Zeppelin , Black Sabbath or The Who , most of which made music decades before he was even born. \"I grew up with my dad's Pink Floyd, Boney M and Sabbath records lying around, most of which he used to collect from his travels around the world. So take a Pink Floyd album and compare. Sure, there is an impressive section of live instruments, most of which can be replicated on stage. But a lot of it is still essentially programming,\" he argues.Ganga Prasad, a 45-year-old rocker has done it all - from busking (street performing) on the streets of Delhi to the beaches of Gokarna and playing in a typical rock band of the 70's with the long hair, the attitude, everything. He explains that he is not really the one to talk about anybody's taste in music. I might not understand hip-hop or electronica and I definitely can't get what the deal about this Bieber fellow is. But I really don't care. Yes, I know that there is a lot of anti-Bieber material going around and there are 'purists' for every genre. The metal purists don't appreciate hip-hop and dismiss Nu Metal as fake metal or call Korn the Backstreet Boys of Heavy Metal. Then there are the Blues-heads who dismiss metal. Then there are now the traditionalists who want electronica and all other forms of programmed music under wraps and even get it done away with if they can help it. I say, shut the hell up and open your minds and your ears to the music. If you don't like it, then stick to what you enjoy.\"\"It's very easy for everyone to pass judgments about another person's music,\" says Megha John, vocalist in a college band. \"It takes a lot to sit down and put your mind into writing a song, tune and composition. It might be the biggest thing to happen to music, it could be a Kolaveri Di or it could be the next best thing to have happened to your mother since Stairway to Heaven. Any way you see it, you have to give the musicians their due. They have at least put all insecurities aside and made a song - something which is times more than what most of us would ever do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "11943623", "title": "In IIM Udaipur, students pedal for a green campus", "text": "UDAIPUR: Every day, Prof Janat Shah pedals his way on a bicycle to the campus of Mohan Lal Sukhadia University (MLSU), carrying a laptop on the back. As the director of Indian Institute of Management, Udaipur, Shah tries to set an example for students for a clean and green campus. He covers a distance of 4.5 km in 20 minutes everyday to reach IIM-U campus, inside MLSU, like an ordinary citizen.Slowly the trend got picked-up. Currently, IIM-U has 57 students and most drive bicycles on campus. Those few who do not have bicycles prefer to walk on the campus. Students say it has sensitized them towards environmental issues and also has multiple benefits on health.Known as an expert in supply chain management, Janat Shah has discouraged the use of any motorized vehicle by students on the campus. Once inside the campus, he again pedals from one building to another, popularizing the eco-friendly mode of transport.\"The dream of riding a bicycle might have taken a backseat but at least those institutions with sprawling campuses can promote non-motorized form of transport on their premises,\" said Shah.\"I feel charged with enormous energy and capable of fresh ideas throughout the day,\" he added.Initially, Shah's colleagues and locals were shocked to see him coming on bicycle as he is entitled to a car. Now with passing time, everyone around him knows the cause and his objective.Vaibhav Baweja, one of the students who drive bicycle on campus, finds himself more active throughout the day. He travels across the city on his new bicycle, sometimes riding pillion. His views were echoed by another student Sunny Nagpal who often shares bicycle from his friends to hang out in the city.The group visits of students on bicycles to attend any seminar and workshop draws everyone's attention. \"Many people come to us and ask as to why we are riding bicycles?\" Piyush Jain, student said. They feel good when people appreciate their effort and assures them to follow it, he said.The positive response has motivated Shah to formally make the campus a 'vehicle-free zone.'Shah initiatives found many takers in the city as well. To start with, MLSU University has decided to observe every Saturday as 'Environment Day' wherein every student of this university along with the vice-chancellor and other teaching staff either come on bicycles or walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945843", "title": "Soon, herbal energy bars to help jawans keep off hunger, sleep", "text": "CHENNAI: Traditional herbs that helped sages to go without food for months may come in handy for jawans of paramilitary forces to beat hunger and sleep as they lie in wait during operations in conflict zones.The Mysore-based Defence Food Research Laboratory (DFRL) is planning to develop an anti-sleep and anti-hunger energy bar for personnel of Border Security Forces, Central Reserve Police Force and others.Paramilitary personnel are increasingly deployed in conflict zones across the country. In most cases, they do not fight an open battle but are forced to carry out ambushes that involve several hours of patient and alert wait.Dozing off during such an operation can prove fatal. The defence ministry has asked the laboratory affiliated to the Defence Research and Development Organisation to develop ready-to-eat energy bars.Dr K T Jayakrishnan, an ayurveda practitioner, said: \"There are herbs to increase alertness and help a person to stay awake for a longer period without damaging the nervous system. Aswagandha and sankupushpam are some of the herbs that can be used. Similarly, there are herbs that can increase and decrease hunger.\" Sages used these herbs to help them go without solid food for up to six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11949019", "title": "Remo rues lack of civic awareness", "text": "MANGALORE: Goan singer Remo Fernandes, who has been passionate about his state rues how the beach tourism has been over exploited by the state. Remo was in the city for Bejoy Nambiar's second directorial venture 'David' where the Remo will sing on screen. In the movie, a Mangalore beach will feature as a Goan beach!\"Bejoy has chosen a beach in Mangalore to represent or pass off as Goa, which speaks volumes of the pathetic state of Goan beaches,'' says Remo.The singer who has been a popular and versatile performer says that very few governments know how to exploit natural resources in a healthy way. ''In Goa it's free for all. Everything is over board, barring infrastructure,'' he observes.''In a way one should be grateful for Mangalore beaches not being over crowded. More than infrastructure, nobody seems to be bothered about garbage disposal - the beaches here too are full of plastic like in Goa,'' he says.A well traveled person, Remo rues that it shames him that India is the dirtiest country in the world. ''Even poor countries than India are cleaner. For example, Thailand and Bangkok , they don't throw filth o the roads or beaches. I cannot understand what makes us so dirty? It's not only the poor, plastic bottles are thrown even out of a BMW and Merc. Even those who are educated abroad do this,'' he notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11938769", "title": "Priyanka Chopra to collaborate with David Guetta?", "text": "Looks like Priyanka Chopra is going all out to make her debut international music album one of her most talked about projects.The actress-turned-singer is currently in talks to collaborate with the world's No 1 DJ David Guetta, apart from recording a track with dance music producers Swedish House Mafia. These artistes have never worked with an Indian musician before, making PC the first to boast of such a collaboration.The actress's management brought her together with Swedish House Mafia while she was in Los Angeles working her album some months ago, and they've recorded a track together. A source reveals, \"Priyanka has provided the vocals on the track. Now that a major chunk of the album is over, she has to sit down with her producers and decide which ones will make it to the final cut. It's an interesting coming together of two genres. SHM were quite open to listening to PC's ideas and letting her be involved in the production process.\"Meanwhile, the actress also met with David Guetta at the Grammy Awards in LA earlier this week, where the two artistes hung out post the ceremony and are now keen to find a way to work with each other. Confirms Zak Biddu of UKNY Music, who is bringing the superstar DJ to India next month, \"Yes, David and Priyanka met at the Grammys and they seriously want to work together on something special.\" Adds the source, \"David's team has shown genuine interest in working with her post their meeting. In fact, Priyanka has been meeting several people in the music business there and her company is ensuring that the right people listen to her finished songs.\"Guetta will be in India to perform at the Invasion festival in Delhi, Pune and Bangalore in early March. It's possible the two artistes will meet and take this discussion further then. Keep watching this space for more news on that!Zahra Khan and Tushar Joshi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945243", "title": "On slippery ground, but India needs both Israel &amp; Iran", "text": "Iran is India's biggest diplomatic challenge today. The Chabahar Port in Iran along with a very strategic railway link offers India direct access to Afghanistan and the energy-rich Central Asia. But the allegations made by Israel that a recent bomb attack on one of its diplomats in Delhi was perpetrated by Iran sympathizers, adds to the problems in a already- complicated relationship.As a responsible Indian Ocean power, India must help resolve an international crisis, particularly in the Middle East where it has heavily invested, especially in human capital. Six million Indians living in the region send home more than $40 billion annually.That said, India and Israel too have growing relations in several fields crucial for economic development, including defence technology, agriculture, R&D; and tourism. India must be a safe place for Israelis to visit and do business.Trade, investment, and diplomatic influence are highly correlated, and India needs to be innovative and aggressive. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Chicago late January, quickly followed by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai's Washington trip, the India-European Union summit in Delhi to expedite broad-based trade and investment, and ongoing negotiations with Saudi Arabia and Iran on energy issues highlight the urgency of economic diplomacy to serve India's long-term national interests.Addressing the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Mukherjee urged his audience of some top business leaders to \"contribute to our collective prosperity,\" especially when India has embarked on colossal infrastructure building projects that will require one trillion dollar investment during the next five years.Mukherjee touted India's \"calibrated approach\" to capital account convertibility; the success of external commercial borrowings policy in maintaining external debt at sustainable levels; the robustness of India's banking sector; diversified export markets; and the robustness of the financial sector due to optimal regulatory mechanism. Financially, India stands like a rock.With the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor and other similar projects in mind, Mukherjee explained the government's manufacturing policy to create 100 million jobs in the next decade by establishing special zones with world-class urban centres, to make Indian industry globally competitive. This will be done by instituting a supportive framework to facilitate business, including availability of skills, technology, finance, and \"compliance based on self-regulation,\" with minimal government intervention. Mukherjee came as close as he could to promise that India will be as business-friendly as China.While courting American investors, Mukherjee did not hesitate to assert India's position on two vital issues - Obama's outsourcing policy and Iran sanctions. Obama's plan to limit outsourcing through tax incentives is counterproductive and will hurt both India and America. Of course, the best way for Indian IT industry to combat the looming outsourcing \"protectionism\" threat is to offer products and services so compelling that corporate America cannot refuse.On India-Iran trade relations, Mukherjee was unequivocally frank: \"It is not possible for India to take any decision to reduce the imports from Iran drastically, because among the countries which can provide the requirement of the emerging economies, Iran is an important country.\" Buying Iran oil does not mean that India condones Iran's nuclear ambitions other than for peaceful purposes. Maintaining stability in the Middle East to enable an uninterrupted flow of energy is a global challenge.Later, on his visit to Washington DC, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai told his audience at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, that, \"while Iran has rights to peaceful uses of nuclear energy, it must also fulfill its international obligations as a non-nuclear weapon state under the NPT.\" India's voting record on Iran in IAEA is unambiguous.But Mathai also focused on Iran's geopolitical importance to India. Iran, apart from providing India with 12 % of its oil needs, worth $11 billion annually, also enables access to Central Asia including Afghanistan whose long-term stability and prosperity is vital to India; as it is to the US especially when it plans to withdraw its combat forces in 2014.India's forthcoming trade negotiations with Iran should have twofold aims - first, to negotiate the oil deal at best prices entirely in rupee terms. Rupee oil trade agreement will boost Indian exports to Iran. Besides, it will open up opportunities for other countries to do trade in rupee, further stimulating Indian exports. Although Indian economy is based on domestic consumption, international trade generates tremendous diplomatic leverage and influence - see what China is doing with its massive trade surplus and foreign currency reserves.Second, India should use the opportunity to persuade Iran to resume negotiations regarding its nuclear programme since it claims its programme to be peaceful. In fact, during the recently concluded India-EU free trade talks, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso pressed India to use its leverage with Iran to return to the negotiating table.India needs to make a large and meaningful diplomatic gesture for international cooperation without compromising its economic interests.The writer is professor of communications and diplomacy at Norwich University, UK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946107", "title": "Safety top worry for schools now", "text": "Students nowadays live on a short fuse. Physical, sexual and drug abuse are also not unheard of. Waking up to the dangers, schools are adopting measures like CCTVs and counselling to prevent any untoward incidentNine-year-old Jatin Grover walked out of his school last Monday to board the bus parked outside . But when the teacher-in-charge of his route made a headcount, Jatin was nowhere to be found. His bag lay abandoned in a classroom and his friends had no clue where he could be. Soon the teachers were in a sweat and parents in tears.Students live on a short fuse these days. But thankfully this time, Jatin's school was prepared. The teachers got together and went through the footage of all CCTV cameras installed on the premises to know what had really happened. \"The footage showed Jatin stepping out of the bus queue and walking down straight till the end of the road in front of the school. The teachers quickly set out in the same direction. By god's grace, he was found sitting in a market about five kilometres from the school,\" recalled a teacher from the school requesting anonymity.Jatin later told the school counsellor that a teacher had jibed at him for being a low-scorer and he feared going home as his mother would have scolded him.Though the security guards should have been more vigilant, the CCTV cameras made good the possible loss. Many schools in the city have now woken up to the need of staying prepared. Jatin's was an act of rebellion but there have been many other cases of accidents , suicides, violence, molestation and even infiltration in schools. The Khajuri Khas incident where five girls died after a stampede on a staircase in 2009 in a government school was an eyeopener for other schools. Though many government schools in the city still remain defenceless, quite a few private schools have taken steps to avoid such tragedies.\"School authorities have to be really particular about the safety arrangements on the premises. From tracking the movement of children in the corridors to keeping a watch on the playfield, no area in the school remains unsupervised . We also have a proper disaster management plan in place that lays down clear-cut responsibilities of individual staff members in case of a natural or man-made disaster,\" says L V Sehgal , principal, Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg. The school has also designed a proforma that is given to prefects every day to mark attendance of every child whenever the class goes for practical work. Teachers count and tally the number of students marked on paper to make sure nobody is left behind.At Bloom Public School in Vasant Kunj, the entire area spread over one hectare, including a playground , is covered by 16 CCTV cameras. Laboratories have unobstructed access and escape routes. And to make travel safer for tiny tots, teachers escort them to school. Spokesperson Sapna Sukul said: \"Teachers from prep to Class I arrive in the school an hour early. They then go in the school bus to pick up the children and bring them to school. This is essential to ensure their safety and parents, too, find this way more reliable.\"Fire safety is another concern for which schools are gradually making arrangements. In December last year, the minister of state for home affairs, Mullappally Ramachandran , revealed in a written reply in the Lok Sabha that 1,600 schools in the city were illprepared to tackle a fire outbreak.Ramachandran said schools and other educational buildings had been directed to obtain fire safety certificates under the Delhi Fire Service Act 2007 and the Rules 2010. Though the number was shocking, the Delhi Fire Services seemed hopeful of a better response from schools. Its chief A K Sharma had then told TOI the process of adopting such measures take time. Nearly 2,000 schools have been issued a fire safety clearance in the last two years.The challenge before schools is to watch over every child as well as prevent incidents and accidents due to external factors. After an 11-year-old boy jumped off the second floor of his school building because he felt humiliated by his teacher, many schools learnt a lesson and secured access to terraces and balconies.However, in January, a Class VI boy fell off the railings apparently due to other students running behind him. \"We have secured the top floor and installed railings to make the infrastructure safe for children. But there are behavioural issues, too, which often become a threat to the safety of children. For instance, two children may end up fighting and injuring each other. Also there are instances of bullying and rowdiness ,\" said Ashok Pandey, principal , Ahlcon International School, Mayur Vihar. \"In such cases, teachers have to be really sensitive. A well-intentioned remark can impact a child in a different way. So while counselling children in such situations, teachers should be able to make them understand their learning goals. Parental involvement is also very important here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945710", "title": "Maha Shivratri: Tight security in place for the holy festival", "text": "VARANASI: Keeping the possibility of excessive gathering of devotees on the occasion of Mahashivratri on Monday, the district administration and police have geared up exercises for foolproof security arrangements, especially at Kashi Vishwanath Temple and other prominent temples of Lord Shiva.The security arrangements and traffic diversion schemes will become effective by Sunday night. ADM City MP Singh said as devotees from neighbouring districts start thronging the city on the eve of Mahashivratri, the entry of heavy vehicles in the city area would be stopped from 10 pm on Sunday.He said the process of installation of barricading on Godowlia-Bansphtak-Chhattdwar and Chowk roads had been completed and the routes for the entry of devotees to the Kashi Vishwanath Temple had been defined. The traffic diversion schemes would become effective from early morning on Monday.SP City MS Chauhan said heavy police force and paramilitary forces, including PAC and Rapid Action Force, had already arrived in the city. He said identification of sensitive and highly sensitive localities and routes had been completed and the points of force deployment finalised. To check the alertness of police, checking drives had been launched in and around the city areas. As a part of the same exercise DIG Ram Kumar along with the SP City, civil police, Railway Protection Force, Government Reserve Police, dog and bomb disposal squads also conducted an inspection of the Cantonment railway station. Keeping the past incidents of terrorist attacks in view, the police have also initiated plans to foil any bid of terrorist groups of causing panic on this occasion. As a part of this exercise, a large number of policemen would be deployed in civil dress while the number of intelligence wing personnel would also be increased to keep a sharp eye on each and every activity. Armed with binoculars, the policemen would also remain present at strategic points while roof top duty of armed police personnel had also been fixed in sensitive and highly sensitive areas.To clean all roads leading to Dasaswamedh and KVT, a massive anti-encroachment drive was also launched by the Varanasi Nagar Nigam and the police on Friday that continued till Saturday. Several makeshift shops and illegal constructions by the roadsides were removed during the drive. Like KVT, the number of devotees also remain in lakhs at Markan-dev Mahadeo Temple, situated on the confluence of the Ganga and Gomti rivers in Kaithi area. Officials said heavy police force would also be deployed at Kaithi.Timings for the entry of devotees at KVT are: After Mangala Aarati between 2.15 am and 3.15 am after Sunday midnight the temples doors will be opened for devotees at 3.30 am. The entry of devotees would be stopped between 4 am and 4.30 am for Dugdharchan on Monday. After 4.30 am 'darshan' would continue uninterrupted till 11.30 am when the doors would be closed for Bhog Aarati. The doors of KVT's sanctum sanctorum will be reopened for devotees at 12 noon. The entry of devotees in sanctum sanctorum would be stopped during Dugdharchan between 5 pm and 6 pm and night aaratis. The entry on KVT campus would be allowed from Chhatadwar point only while they would go out of temple premises through Dhundhiraj Ganesh and Saraswati Phatak points. The barricading on roads leading to Chhatadwar from Chowk and Godowlia points have already been installed.The following traffic diversion would be followed: The entry of heavy traffic in city area would be stopped from 10 pm on Sunday. The vehicular movement towards Godowlia would remain prohibited from Maidagin, Lahurabir, Luxa, Ramapura and Sonarpura till Monday midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944448", "title": "Despite GHMC orders, hoardings adorn walls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hoardings and signages that were removed from the Pathergatti stone arcade by the GHMC as part of the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) are back in their positions. As per the project, signages with uniformity in appearance and size were set to be put up to highlight the intricately carved historic structure. Over the last couple of months, the 150-odd traders operating from the Pathergatti stone arcade have put up hoardings, posters and signage that were removed by the GHMC about a year ago.The civic body had removed all the hoardings, cleaned up the structure by giving it an acid wash with a cost of a whopping Rs 60 lakh. The traders were instead given a sample hoarding each to replace the existing ones in order to bring a sense of uniformity. But the traders, in no mood to follow GHMC's diktat, have once again erected giant hoardings and exhibits which have not just hidden the intricately carved structure but also pose a threat to the historic arcade itself. GHMC officials said that the corporation had restricted the hoarding size but the traders, especially those into jewellery business, had sought bigger hoardings.\"Some traders are adamant on the size while others are not willing to shell out Rs 10,000 for the new hoardings,\" said a GHMC official. The Pathergatti stone arcade is one of the widest bazaars in the country and these conservation works were taken up as part of the first phase of the Rs 300-crore pedestrianisation project. As per the plan, the corporation intends to conserve its interiors as well as the facade. While works to restore the old charm of the area were initiated in December 2010 they got halted as the traders went to court and got a stay.Traders, however, maintained that GHMC officials are not professional in their approach. \"Frequent changes are being made. The officials had promised so much but in the last 13 years nothing has been done. We are at the receiving end and have suffered losses worth crores of rupees because of the improper planning.Nobody is thinking about us,\" said Abid Mohiuddin, general secretary, Old City Traders' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945129", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: There will be a power shutdown on Monday February 20 from 9am to 5pm in the following areas:T Ngr central: Thanikachalam, Nellakanda Metha St, Jagadeesan St Sembium: Muthatamil Ngr 1,4,5,6th block, T H Rd, Moolakadai, Teachers colony, Madhavaram high Rd, Ramana Ngr, MPM St, State Bank colony, Madurai swamy madam, Jambuli Street, R V Ngr, Anna Salai (Kodungaiyur), Kamarajar Salai, Entire Kattabomman St, GNT Rd, Gandhi Ngr, VenkateswaraNgr part I and II, Gopalapuram , Kolathur, St Mary Rd, KKR avenue, Pallavan Salai, Ponnusamy Ngr, Thiru-Vi-Ka Ngr, SRB kovil Street, Pallavan Street, Apparoa garden, Kamarajar Ngr, Periyar Ngr, Gowthamapuram, Ethiraj Salai, Part of Lakshiamman Ngr, S A colony, Sivashankaran St, Indira Ngr weSt, Erukanchery, Mitice colony, Sathiyavani Muthu Ngr, Karunanithi Ngr, BB Rd, P H RdMadambakkam: Sembakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Madamabakkam, Part of Selaiyur/camp Rd, Thiruvencheri, Madurapakkam, Agaramthen, Kovilanchery, Velachery main Rd, Kamarajapuram, Part of Vengivsal, SethalapakkamMannady: Armenior St, Katchaleeswaram, Agraham, Mooker Nallamuthu St, Vanniar St, Iyyappa Chetty St, Vengata MaStri St, Mannady St, Sowrimuthu St, Muthumani St, PoSt Office St, Nainappan St, Coral merchant St,, Rama samy St, New St, Chellamuthu lane, Thambu chetty St, Errabalu St, Moore St, Harban Exchange, Chennai cuStomeSt, Muttu St, Lingi chetty St, Malleeswaran koil north St, Narayanappa St, Angappa Naikan St, National hospital, Jaffer Sarang St, Krishan koil St, Wavoo mansion , North Beach Rd 2,3,4th St, Gopal Chetty St, Vada Maraine St, Marcair Labai St, Rajai Salai, Sembudoss St, Jones St and lane, BRdway Rd , Davidsons St, Achariappa St, Kanndappa St, Chinnathambi St, Anna Pillai St, Adiayappan St, Anumandrayan koil St, Malayaperumal St, Andrasan St, Singar StAmbattur InduStrial eState: Ambattur InduStrial EState 3rd main Rd south phase, China colony, Periya colony, PK M Rd, VaNgram Rd, Ganesh Street, Nageshwara Rao Rd, Natesan Ngr, School St, Galaxy Rd, Indragandhi St, Part of Karumariamman Ngr, Vellalar St, Kil AyanampakkamSaligramam: Entire Dasarathapuram, Saligramam, Arunachalam Rd, Part of Arcot Rd, Vadapalani, Virugambakkam, KK Ngr, 100 feet Rd, Kumaran colony, Devaraj NgrValluvarkottam: Cathedral garden Rd, G N Chetty Rd, G K Puram, Vidyodhaya 1, 2nd cross St, Giri Rd, New Giri Rd, Habibullah Rd, Thirumoorthy Ngr 1 to 6th St, Vaidhyanathan St, Veerabhatharan St, Padukula St, Josier St, Nageswara Rd, Mahalingapuram , Mahalingapuram main Rd, Pushpa Ngr, Nungambakkam lake, Valluvarkottam high Rd, Tank Bund Rd, Kamarajapuram, Kakkan colony, Kamdar Ngr, Kuppusamy St, Sivasailam St, Solaippan St, Periyar Rd, Dharamapuram ( I - XII) St, Bagirathiammal St, Part of the Thirumoorthy St, Bharathi Ngr 1 - 4th St, Part North Usman Rd, Ramakrishnapuram, Sarangapani St, Arulambal St, Part of GN Chetty Rd, North boag Rd main 1,2,3rd St, Sundarrao St, Xaviour St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "11947860", "title": "India should create wildlife cadre to protect tigers: Valmik Thapar", "text": "BANGKOK: India should step up efforts to revamp its forest service and create a separate wildlife cadre for tigers which can work in partnership with other agencies to protect the animal, a top conservationist has said.Valmik Thapar, an Indian conservationist, is of the view that when the British left India they also left behind the Indian Forest Service, whose primary duty was cutting of forests and use of forests.\"That scenario has changed now, it is not only about protecting the forest but also protecting its wildlife,\" he said adding that wildlife protection was a very tiny part of the service and not sufficient and called for a wildlife cadre.\"If India wants more landscape for tigers, a separate cadre has to be carved,\" he said on the sidelines of a Tiger protection conference here. \"The time has come for change, new partnerships without that tigers won't be alive,\" he told PTI.The Tiger conference organised by the UN office of Drugs and Crime saw police and customs heads and Tiger conservationists from 13 Asian countries agreeing to tighten controls and improve cross border cooperation to curb the illegal smuggling of tigers and other critically endangered species.\"We must take immediate and urgent action to save these magnificent animals from extinction,\" Kunio Mikuriya, Secretary General of the World Customs Organisation said.Thapar said poaching was linked to a government. \"Poaching accelerate, when there is a bad and weak government as poachers exploit these gaps,\" he said, adding that bad governance and bad political leadership also led to the endangerment of animal species.He felt that India's forest department did not like change. \"We need to rethink otherwise we have no hope,\" he lamented. Meanwhile, the Global Tiger Initiative of the World Bank said India faced major challenges in sustaining the integrity and inviolability of core tiger habitats and corridors (mounting pressures from roads, mining and extraction industries).It said that one billion US dollars were needed to relocate villages out of the core areas.Another challenge was in maintaining tiger occupancy in habitats outside tiger reserves and noted there was a 20 per cent in tiger occupancy observed habitats outside designated tiger reserves. A third challenge according to the Tiger Initiative was managing human-wildlife relationships noting there had been increased tiger-human conflict in some landscapes.However the Global Initiative also noted that India had made some major achievements. These included addition of 2,500 km2 of new tiger habitat by establishing two new Tiger Reserves bringing a total of 54,656 Km2 under 41 Tiger reserves.This represented a five per cent increase in tiger habitat under protection, it said adding that five more tiger reserves were under establishment and another six were proposed.It said across the country, tiger and prey estimations had recorded a modest increase in tiger numbers and that wildlife corridors connecting critical tiger breeding areas had been identified and published.\"If we lose an emblematic species like the Tiger, mankind will be acknowledging that it is prepared to lose any animal on the planet. This must not be allowed to happen,\" Yury Fedotov, Executive Director of the UNODC told the conference adding that \"by our actions we must show that we have the capacity, the ability and the commitment to protect other species living on this planet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11943488", "title": "Punjagutta flooded as pipeline breaches", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major breach in the water pipeline at the Punjagutta junction on Saturday morning, threw traffic out of gear and resulted in over 30,000 litres of precious water going down the drain. Not to speak of huge damage to the arterial road.Though the breach was noticed at around 8 am, the effort to locate the source of the damage did not begin till 11 am due to official apathy. Only after Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) managing director Adhar Sinha visited the spot and got the necessary clearances did the actual works begin. Till last reports came in, the repair work was continuing to plug the leakage.In view of the ongoing repair works, traffic was regulated on the busy Punjagutta road. Motorists had to face hardship on two stretches - Nims-Srinagar Colony 'T' Junction and Road No. 3 Banjara Hills-Punjagutta Crossroads.Incidentally, this is the second instance of the water pipeline breaching near the Punjagutta flyover. Due to seepage from a water pipeline, the scaffolding of the then under-construction flyover collapsed, killing two persons in 2007.At around 8 am, a lineman noticed water leaking near one of the pillars of the Punjagutta flyover. \"Within 10 minutes, the water started gushing out and the road developed cracks at several places,\" lineman Lakshminarayana told STOI. Immediately, he alerted his higher-ups and cut off water supplies.A sub-inspector, G Raj Gopal Reddy, regulating traffic at the Punjagutta Crossroads heard the road cracking and ran away from the spot. The traffic police immediately put up barricades near the spot and regulated vehicles.After nearly three hours, Water Board officials from operation and maintenance division-VI (S R Nagar) landed at the spot and started digging works at around 11.30 am to identify the source of leakage.\"At around 5 pm, the source of the leakage was found. A decades-old 600 millimetre (MM) diameter pipeline between Road No. 1, Banjara Hills Road and Green Park Hotel, Begumpet got damaged at Punjagutta,\" HMWS&SB; general manager A Krishna, who is supervising the works, said.Soon after the breach, scheduled water supply to Kundanbagh, Somajiguda, B S Maktha, M S Maktha and its surrounding areas was stopped and residents were informed about the delay. \"Due to the leakage, around 30,000 liters of water has gone waste,\" he added.\"We are trying to complete laying of a new pipeline by Sunday morning,\" he said.Meanwhile, Water Board officials said normal supply would be restored to Banjara Hillls, Somajiguda, Umanagar, B S Maktha, M S Maktha and Kundanbagh by Sunday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943541", "title": "'Heart patients be referred to cardiologists at once'", "text": "JAIPUR: Expressing concern over the increasing deaths among youths due to heart diseases, cardiologists urged the physicians to refer such patients immediately to them, in ISCON 2012, organized by the Indian Society of Electrocardiology on Saturday.Dr Narayanan Namboodiri, while delivering a lecture on 'Why should young die suddenly,' said since heart ailments are lifestyle borne, the youths are also becoming prone to them. He highlighted causes of sudden death in young people. He also pointed out various cardiac myopathies and channel disorders. He said people born prematurely are vulnerable to heart diseases which could lead to death in the young.\"In 90% of the cases, the physicians can save lives of heart patients by referring them to the cardiologist in time,\" Dr Amit Vohra said.Meanwhile, a cardiac device with remote monitoring system was launched at the conference. This system would enable the patient to transmit his heart data using a standard phone line from home, work or while on vacation, which greatly reduces the need for time-consuming travel to the hospital for check-ups.The critical data, sent through the system, will help the physicians know of any alarming situation and the state of the implanted device, like battery voltage, well in advance.\"In Indian condition the device is very useful. By the use of this devise, as much as 80% of patient's time and a lot of money can be saved. In other countries, the device has become all the rage. The system is based on GPS. This devise is being launched for heart patients who are living with pacemakers,\" Dr Mauro Biffi of Institute of Cardiology, University of Bologna, Italy, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945927", "title": "CWG Village towers: 28 to get completion certificates as of now", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buyers of the flats in Commonwealth Games Village may have to wait longer to take possession. Though DDA has already started the process of getting completion certificates for individual towers, sources in the authority said that only 28 of the 34 towers are likely to get these certificates. Not surprisingly, most of these towers belong to DDA.Among the remaining six, towers 5 and 15 are disputed due to extra floor area ratio, while the rest are likely to be those with the private developer who has already sold nearly 400 of its flats. \"Only these 28 towers are good to receive the structural safety as well as fire safety certificates. And so they can get the completion certificates too. We can't say that about the rest of the towers yet. Excess FAR is not the only issue we are looking at,\" said a senior DDA official.Lieutenant-Governor Tejendra Khanna had directed DDA in a meeting last Friday to start the process of issuing completion certificates to individual towers. The process had been delayed - citing the matter of excess FAR that remains unresolved between DDA and Emaar MGF. Meanwhile, the ministry of urban development had convened a meeting with the two parties on orders of the high court. The ministry is likely to submit its reply on the matter on February 23.Though L-G's order had given buyers some hope, DDA officials have made it clear it would start by giving its own towers a completion certificate first. \"DDA has been asked to speed up the process even though the matter of excess FAR is still to be sorted out. We can't say if the allotment of flats can begin soon as they have been sold by the private developer in its own towers. We will get clearance for our towers first,\" a DDA official said. The CWG Village has 1,168 flats in 34 towers.While DDA says the private developer carried out unauthorized construction ignoring the sanctioned FAR, Emaar MGF claims the FAR is well within compoundable limits. Emaar MGF has already sold the flats for anything between Rs 2 crore and Rs 4.5 crore. DDA, on the other hand, had plans to auction 100 flats from its share to ascertain their market price before starting their allotment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chitrakoot", "code": "11946382", "title": "Law &amp; order top priority for slain dacoit\u2019s son", "text": "CHITRAKOOT: Veer Singh was only four-year-old when a police team came cracking in search of his dacoit father Shiv Kumar Patel alias Dadua for the first time in his village Deokali in early 1980s. While his mother and two older sisters fled the village fearing police atrocious interrogation, villagers shoved the boy from one hut to another to hide him from the cops. For days, villagers served the child with food and water until one day when he was taken away by his uncle and Dadua's brother Bal Kumar.Now 32-year-old Veer Singh is back in his village nursing high political ambitions. He is Samajwadi Party's candidate from Chitrakoot assembly constituency. \"All that is past...I am a forward looking person,'' he says. \"Law and order will be the top priority if I win,'' he says. \"I will ensure punishment even if a guilty person would be from my family,'' says the son of slain dacoit. Dadua was wanted in over 100 cases and known as Veerappan of North India'.Interestingly, according to the ADR report, Veer Singh has nine criminal cases - maximum amongst all other candidates - pending against his name. The cases include murder, rioting and extortion. Canvassing in Karwi (now Chitrakoot constituency), Veer Singh drives an SUV with at least half a dozen supporters in tow. \"I was asked by Netaji (Mulayam Singh Yadav) some nine months ago to nurse the constituency. Since then I was sure of getting a ticket,'' says Singh, who was president of Deokali gram panchayat between 2001 and 2005. It was during that period that he got a road constructed in his village which made him popular.\"It is for the benefit of farmers and youth that figure prominently on the agenda ... water for irrigation or availability of power for instance,'' he says.Veer's political ambitions gained ground in Mirzapur where he was brought up by his MP uncle Bal Kumar. Singh claims of having pursued a BA from a degree college in Rae Bareli, but the ADR report shows he is only a class 12 passout. He did his intermediate from Haldhar Inter College Ajhuwa in Koshambi.In December last year Veer Singh's political aspirations received a jolt after Mulayam Singh Yadav cancelled his candidature and gave the ticket to Sunil Singh Patel, who is son of SP MP from Chitrakoot RK Singh Patel. The development sparked off speculation of Veer Singh contesting as an Independent. But within a month SP state president Akhilesh Yadav backed Veer Singh and gave him the ticket.Samajwadi Party sources claim that Veer Singh's candidature could have a bearing not only in Chitrakoot but also in other districts of Bundelkhand. ``Dadua was a dacoit in police records but he garnered the image of a Robin Hood as well,'' said a senior SP leader.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11948684", "title": "Nitish Kumar, Sushil Kumar Modi compared to Thatcher", "text": "PATNA: British industrialist of Indian origin Karan Bilmoria today compared the leadership of Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi with the vision of former Britain Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.\"The leadership will ensure quality change... Lot of works are going on here,\" he told a session on the final day of the three-day Global Bihar Summit 2012 here.Delivering his lecture on 'Progress in Industrial and Service sector in Bihar', Bilmoria said Margaret had once changed the face of Britain and because of her efforts the country was now acknowledged as the seventh largest economic power in the world.\"Nitish-Modi duo are scripting a new history for Bihar by ensuring quality change,\" he said.He said women power would play an important role in the development of the state and laid stress on education and empowerment of women in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945831", "title": "Playgrounds in schools not safe if no supervision", "text": "NEW DELHI: Playing football or basketball can help school students stretch their limits besides imbibing a sense of sportsmanship and discipline. But it also has the potential for injury.A study by Safdarjung Hospital of patients admitted to its Sports Injury Centre (SIC) shows that more than 35% patients treated by them are youngsters, mostly class XI and XII students. Lack of training, physical strength and problems related to professional guidance are the reasons, said Dr Deepak Chaudhary, director, SIC.\"In 2011, we operated upon 1100 patients for knee injuries of which 385 were less than 18 years of age. A majority of them were school students,\" said Chaudhary. He added that the percentage of youngsters visiting OPD with sports injuries is also significantly high.The surgical census, complied by the hospital lays out a total 525 surgeries were conducted for knee injuries (anterior cruciate ligament) of which 288 patients were aged below 25 years and more than 100 patients were in the 14-18 year age group. Surgery for posterior cruciate ligament (PCL), which is a severe injury of the ligament, was conducted on 42 patients. Of this, 17 were aged below 25 years.The SIC director said most of the time sports injuries are caused due to lack of professional guidance and inadequate infrastructure. \"Playing fields are often full of uneven surface causing students to fall. Those doing high-impact sports like basketball should do them on surfaces like wooden courts,\" he said. Chaudhary said that adequate adult supervision and commitment to safety is also needed. \"The coach should have training in first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). The trainer should make sure players are matched for sports according to their skill level, size, and physical maturity,\" another doctor said.Lack of training, physical strength and problems related to professional guidance are the reasons for these injuries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945031", "title": "No rift between me and Mickky: Gaunkar", "text": "MARGAO: Independent candidate from Curtorim and zilla panchayat member from Raia Domnic Gaunkar said that he decided not to contest on the Goa Vikas Party ticket as his supporters had urged him to file his nominations as an independent in the forthcoming assembly elections.While addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Gaunkar chose to play down any speculation that there was a rift with him and GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco over his decision to stand as an independent.Gaunkar further stated that he was always supportive of Pacheco and vice versa and expressed his willingness to support Pacheco in Nuvem if required.When asked about his chances to win the elections, Gaunkar said that he had won the ZP elections twice already and that he was not a stranger to the electorate and that he would usher in much needed development if elected to power.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11946541", "title": "Fresh Naveen NCTC salvo: They are not sharing vital info with state govts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Continuing his belligerent stand on the Centre 'infringing' on federal rights, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday slammed Union home minister P Chidambaram's version that the country's security was a shared responsibility of the Union and state governments.\"If security was the shared responsibility of the Centre and the state, I am surprised they (home ministry) are not sharing vital information with state governments,\" Naveen told journalists here, referring to Chidambaram's statement.Earlier in the day, the Union home minister during a visit to West Bengal said security of the country is shared by the Centre and state governments. \"The Constitution of India assigns law and order to the state government and also assigns the Centre to protect the country against external aggression or internal disturbance,\" Chidambaram was quoted as saying in media reports.Reacting sharply, Naveen, who was the first chief minister to take up the cudgels against the UPA government on the organization, function and powers of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), said the Centre has not shared information on constitution of NCTC. \"It seems very peculiar. We were not informed about the new anti-terrorism body, to be operational on March 1,\" Naveen said.The CM further said the ministry of home affairs sends huge bills for deployment of Central paramilitary forces like CRPF and BSF to state governments, including Odisha, to fight left wing extremism. \"It is surprising that they send heavy bills, but not an important notification issued on February 3,\" Naveen stressed.Demanding review and withdrawal of the controversial order, Naveen had earlier dubbed the MHA order on NCTC as 'authoritarian' and 'draconian'. \"The order clearly infringes on the federal rights of the people and the state governments they have elected,\" he had said. The Odisha government's stand has found support from nine other states, including West Bengal, Tamil Nadu , Bihar , Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh.On Friday, Naveen had criticized Chidambaram, saying: \"While Chidambaram often says that security and police are state responsibilities, how come his ministry issues such an order where states are bypassed and kept in the dark?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946498", "title": "Their B'wood story ends happily", "text": "The love story of BRS Nagar-residents Simranjit Singh and Roma Arora is nothing less than a Bollywood movie script. It has romance, high-emotion drama, family resistance, long periods of waiting and finally a happy ending.The first time they met is an encounter what changed their lives and its memory pulled them through the toughest times. Roma, a teacher, is the first one to speak. \"The date was May 18, 2003. The place Kanpur and the venue a wedding. Simranjit had come from Raibareily and I had come from Aurangabad, Maharashtra. We became friends and exchanged numbers. We were only 17 years old and living far from each other but we would call each other and chat online. I did not have a mobile phone at the time so I used to go to a public booth and call him,'' she said.The two used to write long letters that her mother found one day. Things became very tense at home,'' she said.Simranjit's parents did not have a problem with his relationship but Roma's side was dead against it.\"I kept trying to convince my mom and dad to meet Simranjit at least once. When they finally agreed we took a train to Raibareily but my mother died on that journey. Our lives fell apart and my father refused to let me marry Simranjit. Due to family pressure I even stopped talking to him,'' she said.Taking the story forward, Simranjit, who is into network marketing said, \"Since Roma was not talking to me, I wrote letters with my blood so that she would know the pain I felt. Suddenly, her father's attitude changed and he came to Raibareily to fix our wedding,'' said Simranjit.The couple got married on August 25, 2008, which was also the second time they met. \"Today we are blessed with a daughter. We are thankful to God for his kindness because it was with his blessings that her father got ready for our marriage and we are leading a happy life together,'' added Simranjit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943800", "title": "Focus on migrant labourers\u2019 kids", "text": "BHOPAL: Children of migrant labourers in the district will come in for special attention at the pulse polio immunization programme beginning from February 19. The health department plans to cover 3.50 lakh children below five years during the three-day drive in the district.District chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shulka said, \"Though no case of polio has been detected in the state for the last three years, we are still concentrating on migrant population.\" Conservative estimates put the migrants' number at 50,000 in Bhopal. The first day of the camp will be held at Jat Khedi on Hosnagabad Road.The health authorities have formed 24 mobile teams to focus on the children of migrant labourers during the drive. The mobile teams will visit construction sites and make-shift homes of labourers. \"We are requesting people to come to 1,500 booths on the first day so that health workers can focus on door-to-door campaign,\" Dr Shukla said. About 5,500 health workers have been pressed into the work to reach around 3.5 lakh children in the three-day drive.In another development, a week-long tuberculosis (TB) awareness camp will begin from February 19. The camp would focus on migrant population, which has the highest default rate in TB care.\"Our aim is to reach the underprivileged by counselling, testing for TB and providing medical support,\" Dr Manoj Verma, district TB officer, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943688", "title": "Key projects in focus as NCP, Cong alliance likely", "text": "PUNE: The inevitable post-election alliance between the Nationalist Congress Party and the Congress has put a question mark on major development projects, including metro, bus rapid transit system (BRTS) and the biodiversity parks (BDPs), as both parties have basic differences over the project plans and their implementation.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who publicly locked horns during the election campaign, accusing each other of putting hurdles in infrastructure projects, are now faced with a major challenge -- to find a viable plan to refurbish the crumbling infrastructure, as local leaders of both the parties are not ready to compromise on the stand taken during the campaign.The NCP and the Congress had appealed to the people to give them a clear mandate to rule the PMC and execute the projects without any hindrances from alliance partners. In fact, NCP president Sharad Pawar, during his public rally at Gokhalenagar, had said, \"We joined hands with all parties in the PMC as we did not have a majority. But, all these alliance partners 'extorted' a price for their support. If you depend on alliance partners for a majority, the city's overall development is bound to be affected.\"Chavan echoed Pawar's sentiments when , at the Congress Bhawan, he said, \"In a coalition government, development projects are often delayed, as the alliance partners are at loggerheads. We need a majority so that we do not have to join hands with any party.\"With the voters once again giving a fractured mandate, leaders of both the parties have indicated that they will form an alliance to reach the magic figure in the PMC. However, local party leaders have cautioned their state leadership against compromising stands.\"We want to implement our manifesto. If we have to form an alliance, we will discuss our manifesto with them,\" said NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan, who has clarified that the NCP will not compromise on underground metro and BDP.Congress corporator Aba Bagul said, \"Even if the party's high command orders us to join hands with the NCP, we will not sideline our manifesto. Why should we compromise on promises made to citizens during elections? We will not change our line on major projects for the NCP. In the last five years, the city has not got any major project.In the absence of any party getting an absolute majority, there will be alliances, to benefit from power. After five years of ruling together, they end up blaming each other for the development projects that did not take off. We hope that political parties show concern for the city and stand unanimous in implementing projects,\" said Kishor Chande, a private firm employee.Future UncertainMetroCongress sticks to its stand to implement the metro project as per the Delhi Metro Railway Corporation (DMRC). Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan during the last phase of campaigning said the DMRC has given the feasibility and technical report on the metro. \"They are experts, but if you want an underground metro, you should keep in mind that it will cost three times more than the elevated one and ultimately result in rise in train fares. If the PMC wants an underground metro, the government will mull over the proposal. The PMC will also have to contribute to the project,\" Chavan said, hinting that the state cannot afford funding for underground metro all alone. Chavan and Congress leaders want the PMC to implement the metro project as per the DMRC report. However, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has said, \"At any cost, Pune will have an underground metro. Elevated metro is not an answer to the city's traffic problem. The NCP will not support elevated metro. Whatever is the cost, we want an underground metro\". City unit chief Vandana Chavan, who played a crucial role in changing Pawar's view, said the party is committed to a 'sustainable transport system.'BRTSThe chief minister and the Congress party want to stick to the existing model of BRTS in Pune which was launched by the Congress in 2006. \" We need BRTS project and we will bring some reforms in its existing form. This model of BRTS will work in Pune,\" Chavan said. However, Ajit Pawar has different plans. \"Our city unit chief Chavan and MP Supriya Sule have visited Ahmedabad to study the BRTS model there. We need to reintroduce the BRTS in Pune on Gujarat model. The NCP will implement this model in Pune,\" Pawar said after releasing the party's manifesto.Bio Diversity ParkPrithviraj Chavan is firm on his stand that the state and the PMC have no mechanism to save hills from encroachments and hence 4% construction should be allowed on hill tops and hill slopes earmarked as BDPs. However, the NCP strongly opposes any construction in BDPs. \"Initially, we supported construction in BDPs. But, with climate change and global warming acquiring serious dimensions, we need to protect our hills. The NCP will oppose any construction in BDPs,\" Pawar said.Water TransportThe Mutha river restoration and renovation plan is being carried out under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The civic body has passed tenders worth Rs 70 crore for this project. The Congress wants to take forward this project. Water transport is one of the main component of the project. While the NCP is not against the river restoration project as a whole, but its president Sharad Pawar has dubbed the water transport plan as 'impractical' and said the PMC should not waste public money on such 'futile and unrealistic' projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945808", "title": "Delhi govt to give uniform look to all schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government is working on a project to give a uniform exterior look to all its school buildings across the city, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said on Saturday. Listing various initiatives to improve educational infrastructure, Dikshit said her government has been opening two new schools every month in the last two years.Dikshit was speaking after laying foundation stone of two new secondary schools - one for boys and the other for girls - in Nangloi area. The schools, to be commissioned within one year, will impart education right from pre-primary class to 12th standard. The total cost of construction of the two schools would be Rs 4.5 crore.\"There has been remarkable progress in education sector with opening of two new schools every month during last two years,\" she said, adding government is in process of opening more and more schools, particularly in the rural areas. Appreciating the performance of the government-run schools, she said they have left public schools far behind as far as infrastructure, quality of education and pass percentage are concerned.\"With concerted efforts of the department of education, principals and teachers, the pass percentage in board examinations which used to be between 30 to 32 per cent has now touched around 97 to 98 per cent,\" Dikshit said.Highlighting other achievements of her government, Dikshit said the last 13 years have witnessed unprecedented development in all sectors. \"We are very close to make Delhi a world class city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944691", "title": "Register case against hospital, docs: Court to police", "text": "KANPUR: The additional chief metropolitan magistrate (II) of Kanpur Nagar, Harendra Bahadur Singh, on Saturday directed the Kalyanpur police station officer to register a case against director and two doctors of Rama Hospital and Research Centre, Lakhanpur, under appropriate sections of IPC on a complaint of one Shobharam Pal and investigate the matter.Shobharam pal, in his complaint under section 156 (3) CrPC, had alleged that his son Ravi Pal was an employee at Rama Hospital. Ravi was hospitalised for treatment on May 29, 2011, and was being treated allegedly by Dr R K Singh and Dr Pankaj Omar. The complaint further said that Ravi was shifted to the operation theatre next day and he died allegedly due to medical staff's carelessness. Doctors allegedly injected a wrong medicine as a result of which Ravi died, said the complaint.The judge in his order also observed to seek opinion from Medical board and report of Viscera and other body parts preserved in post mortem. The complainant alleged that both doctors left the hospital after his son's death. He lodged a complaint at Kalyanpur police station but the police did not register any case against the culprits. A registered letter was also sent to DIG, yet the police did not register any case against the hospital and its doctors.Shobharam further claimed that when he asked for service benefits of Ravi, the hospital management did not reply. A legal notice was also served but that too was ignored by the management. The presiding judge, in his order, observed that the post mortem report revealed that there were some injuries on the body and the patient died due to haemorrhage, shock and an ante mortem blood vessel injury. It indicated that there was some foul play, so a case should be registered in this regard.Bail adjourned: The district and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar, Ali Zamin, on Saturday adjourned the hearing on the bail application of Sanjay Mohan, director, Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, Uttar Pradesh, and fixed February 25 as the next date for hearing. At present, Sanjay Mohan is in police custody. According to sources, police had taken him to Lucknow for further investigation. The director was arrested by Akbarpur police on February 7 from his residence situated on the GIC campus, Nishatganj, Lucknow. The police had made him co-accused in TET exam scam and charged him with cheating and criminal conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "male", "code": "11949215", "title": "Waheed appoints Gayoom's daughter in key foreign ministry", "text": "MALE: Maldives' new President, Mohamed Waheed today expanded his cabinet and gave the key foreign ministry portfolio to a daughter of former autocratic leader Maumoon Gayoom amid demands by ousted leader Mohammed Nasheed for fixing an early date for polls.Waheed appointed Sheikh Mohamed Shaheem Ali Saeed as the minister of Islamic affairs and Mohamed Muizzu as the minister of housing and environment.He also appointed Dhunya Maumoon, daughter of former President Maumoon A Gayoom as the minister of state for foreign affairs. The post of foreign minister still remains vacant.Meanwhile, a Commonwealth ministerial mission, which is here to probe into the ousting of Nasheed yesterday met new President Waheed and discussed the events that led to the political unrest in the country.The meeting was held at the President's Office. Discussions at the meeting focused on the measures being taken to resolve the current political situation. The President assured the group full support and cooperation in carrying out their investigations.The team from the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group, the 54-nation organisation's democracy watchdog, arrived here to investigate former president Nasheed's exit.Waheed hoped that the action group would will make good and fair report. Waheed told them that the government was fully committed to resolve the issues, within the limits of the Constitution and law.On the other hand, Ibrahim Didi, the President of Nasheed's MDP has said that he will not participate at the rallies or the gatherings now being held in the name of of the party as it is not passed by any of the party organs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945305", "title": "India may not be able to try Enrica accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: Italian navy personnel on board the Enrica Lexie may have shot two Indian fishermen on Wednesday outside Indian territorial waters and the accused may have to be tried, according to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, in Italian courts. That, too, will happen only if the Italian government wants it. However, reports from Kochi said the arrest of the accused was imminent.Meanwhile, India on Saturday rejected Italy's offer for a joint investigation into the incident.Arrest of the Italian Navy marines involved in the death of the fishermen seems imminent with the Kerala Police initiating legal proceedings against them on Saturday night. The police has also served a notice to the ship's crew to produce the weapon used to shoot the fishermen. \"We are not currently bothered whether the incident took place in Indian waters or international waters. It was an attack on an Indian vessel. International conventions are clear that it is not the place of occurrence of crime, but the ownership of the attacked vessel that determines the jurisdiction,'' the Kochi DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11945639", "title": "Cops\u2019 banner alert against snatchers", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a hundred banners have been put up at some junctions in the eastern suburbs to raise awareness about chain-snatchings.The elderly and women should be alert to bike-borne chain-snatchers , the police said. The deputy police commissioner came up with the initiative to spread awareness about the modus operandi of chain-snatchers .The banners have been put up in areas between Ghatkopar and Mulund that are prone to such crimes. Other zones in the city will soon follow suit.The banners feature precautions that pedestrians can take.\"We came up with this idea after we realized that most victims were not in a position to provide information about the accused. Most complainants remained shell-shocked after the incident,\" deputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Sanjay Shintre told TOI.\"Banners mention the contact number of the nearest police station.In this way, the victims will be able to inform the police soon after the crime has been committed and will help us in catching the chain-snatchers,\" he added. \"Over 35 banners have been put up in Vikhroli,\" said Ravindra Javkar, a senior inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "11948409", "title": "NCB arrests 3 foreigners; cocaine worth Rs 15 crore seized", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has claimed to have unearthed an international syndicate of drug trafficking with the arrest of three foreign nationals and seizure of cocaine worth rs 15 crore from them.This is the largest ever seizure of cocaine in the last five years in the country.The three-day long operation, undertaken with the help of the US drug enforcement agency, was conducted between Delhi and Mumbai and saw the NCB seize 29.08 kilogrammes of the contraband after tracking a \"trans-national drug syndicate\".NCB Director General O P S Malik confirmed the development and said a \"probe was underway\".The three foreigners have been identified as Santander Tarazona Prado (49) of Bolivia , Juan Fernado Doncel Rivera (33) of Colombia and Kenya born British national Zahid Hussain Mir.The three have been arrested under the stringent Prevention of Immoral Trafficking-Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (PIT-NDPS) and are being currently interrogated by NCB sleuths.NCB sources said the alleged syndicate run by these people used to source cocaine from South America and they reportedly supplied it to organised drug peddlers in the country which included use of drug couriers and agents.\"Places like Tirupati and other tourist locations in the south of the country were being serviced by this syndicate,\" sources said.\"While heroin and other drugs are seized in huge quantities, illegal cocaine is only caught in one or two kilogrammes. This is huge catch,\" they said.The NCB headquarters in Delhi was constantly in close touch with the Drug Enforcement and Administration unit of the United States of America and the Mumbai NCB zonal unit tracked the three individuals over a period of three days, sources said.The NCB expects to make few more arrests in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11943641", "title": "Parasram's production warrant plea by DRI refused", "text": "JODHPUR: After deferring hearing for four times earlier, the CBI court finally refused to give custody of Parasram Bishnoi, a suspect in the Bhanwari Devi case, to the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on production warrant but permitted the DRI officers to interrogate him in jail on February 22. Bishnoi is currently under judicial custody in connection with the case. He was arrested by the CBI on December 2 last year.Bishnoi's counsel Sunil Joshi objected to the demand of the DRI to take him on production warrant for interrogation and termed it as the infringement of Section 267 of the CrPC.He argued in court that Bishnoi is neither an accused in the DRI case nor does he have any pending case. \"When the court asked the DRI officials on their efforts to summon him, the agency claimed to have sent about 40 summons to him but failed to substantiate the claim,\" Joshi said adding that Bishnoi was very much available at his residence in Bilara.Joshi said after 9 years, the DRI has woken up and that too due to Bishnoi being named in the Bhanwari Devi case.Hearing the arguments from both the sides, magistrate Jagdish Jyani refused to give Bishnoi's custory on production warrant to the DRI but allowed it to interrogate him in the jail on February 22.Since the ongoing investigation of Bhanwari Devi case had brought up Bishnoi's name, it alerted the DRI and its officers landed in Jodhpur to seek his custody on production warrant close on the heels of the CBI court sending him to judicial custody.Bishnoi is accused of manufacturing and supplying of Mandrax tablets (a highly addictive synthetic drug) in a closed factory near Bilara. The DRI had searched this factory in 2002 after its sleuths intercepted a consignment of this drug in Mumbai and had booked him under NDPS Act along with four other persons for their involvement in production and selling of the contraband.Of the accused, two have been acquitted, one is convicted and two including Bishnoi are absconding. The DRI had issued a red alert notice against Bishnoi on May 9, 2002 after he did not allegedly respond to any of the DRI's summons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11948403", "title": "Biotech crops helped check 19 bn kg of CO2 last year: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A world agriculture body has estimated that biotech plant technology helped in preventing the release of 19 billion kg of carbon dioxide in 2010, which was equivalent to keeping 9 million cars off roads.Biotech leads to decrease in CO2s emissions as there is no tilling through application of herbicide tolerance, International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications (ISAAA) said in a report on the global status of commercial biotech/GM crops.Besides, biotech crops reduce ploughing which, in turn, enhances the conservation of water substantially, reduces soil erosion significantly and builds up organic matter which locks up soil carbon and reduces CO2 emission, it said.\"The combined permanent and additional savings through sequestration is equivalent to a saving of 19 billion kg of CO2 or removing 9 million cars from the road,\" it added.ISAAA said it was an effective tool for permanent saving in carbon dioxide through reduced use of fossil-based fuels.Agriculture is a significant contributor (14%) of greenhouse gases (GHG) and, therefore, part of the problem in climate change, Clive James, Chairman of ISAAA, told PTI.\"It is appropriate that biotech crops also be part of the solution. There is credible, peer reviewed and published evidence that biotech crops are already contributing to the reduction of CO2,\" said James.Biotech crops require fewer pesticide sprays which results in savings of tractor/fossil fuel and thus less CO2 emissions.They can also overcome abiotic stresses (through drought and salinity tolerance) and biotic stresses (weed, pest and disease resistance) in environments made unproductive by climate changes because of variations in temperature, water level leading to more damaging epidemics and infestations which preclude growing of conventionally bred crops, the report said.Citing these advantages, James called for allowing Indian farmers to test GM crop technology to increase productivity in the face of shrinking land areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945436", "title": "Bihar's growth rate remarkable: Experts", "text": "PATNA: A panel of experts participating in 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' organized here felt that even as Bihar had achieved remarkable average growth rate of 11.3% over the last six fiscal years, it was incumbent on the Nitish regime to build and strengthen institutions to make the delivery system strong for achieving equitable development and inclusive growth.The theme for panel discussion was 'Equitable development and inclusive growth'. The background paper titled 'Strengthening of institutions for inclusive and equitable development' was prepared by International Growth Centre country director Anjan Mukherjee and Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) member secretary Shaibal Gupta. Abhijit Sen, Planning Commission member, moderated the discussion.Dr Ajit Ghose, formerly associated with International Labour Organization (ILO), said that \"growth itself generates benefits for all\" as seen by way of strengthening of health and education systems, but \"it was also important to realize that the number of families below poverty line had increased. Growth has been registered only in some segments. Agriculture has been neglected,\" Ghose said, adding that an overall strategy to build institutions (read delivery mechanism) has to be adopted.Taking the cue from him, Dr Ajit Prasad from S P Jain Management Institute, Mumbai, said that Jawahar Lal Nehru was the builder of many institutions in the country, including the Planning Commission. It was necessary for any government to create support systems for the institutions built to deliver and perform. \"Role of the IT sector has become very important, but it is also important that public feels its responsibility. So far, our thinking is state-centric, but the onus is on all,\" Prasad added.On the other hand, Prof. Bhajan Grewal from Victoria University, Australia, pointed to the \"predominant presence\" of small land holdings in the farming sector, and said that time had come for the thinking of Bihar to shift from \"crop sector\" to livestock, dairy, fishery, horticulture, micro finance and other such activities to give a boost to the agriculture sector and reap harvests of equitable and inclusive development. Pointing out that the government has to also strengthen its statistical wing and data collection, Prof Grewal said that given erratic weather conditions, there was urgent need to strengthen R &amp; D in agriculture with focus on \"non-crop\" activities.Former Jamia Millia Islamia University vice-chancellor Sayed Shahid Mahadi insisted on rehabilitating the basic administrative structure of Bihar, since it had collapsed way back in the 1970s and 1980s. There were around 15 schemes for uplifting the lot of children, minorities, women and Mahadalit sections through effective administration, Mahadi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949694", "title": "First look of Alex Pandian out", "text": "It was only a few days earlier that a title was finalized for Karthi's next with Suraaj.Now, the first look that film, titled Alex Pandian, is out and sees Karthi returning to his Paruthiveeran and Siruthai character, playing a ruffian. Incidentally, Alex Pandian is the name of the iconic character played by Superstar Rajinikanth in Monndru Mugam.Alex Pandian stars Karthi and Anushka in the lead and is said to be a complete commercial entertainer in the lines of Suraaj's earlier flicks like Thalainagaram and Maappillai. The film also has two villains - Bollywood actor-cum-model Milind Soman and Suman (of Sivaji fame). The film also stars comedian Santhanam, who made a terrific team with Karthi in Siruthai.The film's music is being scored by Devi Sri Prasad who is said to have come up with some peppy tunes for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11949840", "title": "Paid news: EC issues 167 notices to candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the ongoing Assembly polls for five states, the Election Commission has so far issued 167 notices to candidates who allegedly paid for the publication of news in their favour in various media outlets.While the maximum numbers of 129 notices have been issued to candidates in Punjab, where polling was held on January 30, as many as 38 notices have been issued to candidates in Uttar Pradesh, where the elections are being held in seven-phases.There had been no complaints about candidates resorting to paid news in Manipur and Uttarakhand, which went to polls on January 28 and 30 respectively, officials said.A major chunk of complaints on paid news were against vernacular and regional media publications, they said.However, no complaint has so far been proved in any of the cases though the poll panel would take a final view later and is awaiting the candidates' responses.EC officials in Delhi said all complaints received in this respect had been forwarded to the respective Chief Electoral Officers of the states concerned and they, in turn, had issued notices.The complaints would be taken up by the respective district and state level Media Certification and Monitoring Committees (MCMCs).Poll body officials said there were fewer complaints involving paid news during assembly polls this time as the candidates had become \"cautious\" of possible fallout.The EC on October 20, 2011, had disqualified Umlesh Yadav, MLA from Bisauli Assembly Constituency, after finding him guilty of getting news published in his favour during 2007 UP polls by paying hefty amount to media outlets.EC officials said this case had served as a deterrent for the candidates in future.However, they admitted that many candidates might be trying to hoodwink the Commission by evolving novel methods in connivance with the media houses this time around.During the state assembly polls held last year in April and May, 41 complaints had been received from Kerala, 23 from West Bengal, 147 from Tamil Nadu and four from Puducherry.These complaints are still being investigated. Likewise, in the 2010 November polls in Bihar, 121 such complaints had been brought to the EC's notice.Of these 121 cases, the EC found merit in 12 charges and forwarded the complaints to the Press Council of India for further action.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945630", "title": "Goa carnival called off after bus tragedy", "text": "PANAJI: Goa on Saturday called off one of the biggest events in its cultural calendar after a school bus plunged into the Mapusa River, 22 km from Panjim, leaving four kids among the seven dead. The Carnival was cancelled minutes before the floats' parade was to commence.CM Digambar Kamat told TOI, \"It's a big tragedy and we have decided to cancel the Carnival in Panaji.\" Officials will discuss by Sunday morning whether the floats' parade in other towns should be cancelled or not. The incident occurred around 12.20pm on Saturday. \"We have fished out six bodies. Four of them are of school-going children,\" said DIG Ravindra Yadav.The bus driver has been arrested by the police and booked for culpable homicide. Yadav said that during preliminary investigations, driver Rajesh Chandrakant Naik, 26, told the police that the brakes of the bus failed and he therefore lost control. An eyewitness, Divyang Kashikar, 29, from Saligao, who was at the ferry point waiting for the 12.40pm ferry to go to Calvim, said, \"I saw the bus coming down the slope towards the ferry point. Usually, the bus stops at the ferry wharf, passengers get off, and the bus reverses to the road. This time the bus came straight down, the driver failed to stop the bus and it slipped into the river.\"Rescue operations were initiated soon after the mishap. By 1pm, coastal security boats reached the spot. Marine commandos along with locals jumped into the river to try to save the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936608", "title": "Deepika replaces Kareena in Chennai Express!", "text": "If all goes well, Deepika might be Shah Rukh Khan's co-passenger in the Rohit Shetty directed journeyThe collaboration of Shah Rukh Khan and Rohit Shetty made Chennai Express one of the 'hottest' films to watch out for. After a short period of indecision regarding the casting of either Katrina Kaif or Kareena Kapoor as the leading lady in the film, SRK's RA.One heroine and Rohit's favourite, Bebo had emerged victorious.In fact, the actress had even said in an interview, \"Rohit and I are finalising the script and other details. Rohit is like family, and I am seriously looking forward to working with him again.\" However, her enthusiasm regarding the project has been rather short-lived. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Kareena, once happy to be a part of the project, has excused herself from it. Reason: the generic 'date problems'.Meanwhile, Deepika Padukone , who has recently been in the news for leaving Race 2 producer Ramesh Taurani in a mess by walking out of the project midway, has been asked to come on board Chennai Express.A friend of Kareena, confirmed that the actress is no longer a part of the film and added, \"Kareena has already informed Rohit Shetty that she wouldn't be able to work in Chennai Express. SRK is aware of it as well.\"As for Deepika's inclusion in the Rohit Shetty film, a source close to the project said, \"Deepika has given her nod of consent. The official signing should happen soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943638", "title": "Insurance company staffer fails to heed order, in dock", "text": "MUMBAI: In an order that gives hope to litigants who win consumer cases but are still denied of their dues, the South Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Forum on Friday issued summons to the divisional manager of New India Assurance for not complying with its directive passed in November 2011.The judgment had directed the insurance company to find the employee who had erroneously listed an insurer as male instead of female that caused severe mental agony to her as well as her senior citizen father when she fell ill. The forum had said that within two months of the order, the erring employee had to pay the insurer Rs 15,000 as compensation. But seeing no such compliance in sight, Ria Alimchandani, daughter of consumer activist Rajan Alimchandani (66), filed an application in the forum under Section 27 of the Consumer Protection Act.This section spells out that when a person against whom a complaint has been lodged fails to comply with any order given by the district forum or the state or national Commission, he /she will be punishable with imprisonment for up to three years.The non-compliance can also attract a fine ranging from Rs 2,000 to Rs 10,000.The forum directed the divisional manager to appear before it and Judicial Magistrate of First Class on March 19, 2012. \"Your attendance is necessary to answer to a charge under section 27 of the Consumer Protection Act for the non-compliance of the order dated November 5, 2011,\" the forum said.Owing to the insurance firm employee's error, Rajan had to run from pillar to post to get the company to foot Ria's medical bills after she underwent an emergency appendix operation. On May 20, 2009, Ria, who had a medical insurance cover of Rs 2 lakh, was admitted to a hospital at Marine Lines with acute appendicitis. As Ria had opted for a cashless insurance cover, the hospital asked her to submit a copy of her policy. The hospital submitted a pre-authorization request to her insurance company's third party agent (TPA), saying the total estimated cost of the operation and hospitalization would be Rs 65,000.The operation was slated for May 21, 2009. But on the same day, the TPA told the hospital that pre-authorization could not be sanctioned as Ria was marked as male in the policy. It was only after several agonizing days and repeatedly contacting the company that the amount was sanctioned.The forum said the word Ms before Ria's name on the policy form clearly showed that she is a female. \"Still, the opposite party marked the insured as male. This is nothing but sheer negligence,\" the forum had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11945233", "title": "Mahanand guilty in 3rd murder case", "text": "PONDA: The district and sessions court, Panaji , on Saturday held alleged serial killer Mahanand Naik guilty of killing Yogita alias Balika Khushali Naik, 30, a resident of Nagzar Curti, Ponda, in January 2009.This is Mahanand's third conviction for murder. Accused of killing 16 women , the Shiroda resident has been sentenced to undergo life imprisonment in two separate murder cases, while being acquitted in eight cases. He has also been sentenced to seven years imprisonment for rape.Principal district and sessions judge Nutan Sardesai held Mahanand guilty for Yogita's murder under IPC Sections 302 (murder), 364 (kidnapping for killing), 392 (robbery), and 201 (disappearance of evidence).The court has adjourned the case to March 1 for hearing both parties before deciding on imposition of sentence.Ponda police had filed a chargesheet against Mahanand after he made a statement on April 25, 2009, that he killed Yogita at Morlem, Sattari, in Janaury 2009. Mahanand is believed to have revealed this during his custodial interrogation in connection with a rape case.The Valpoi police had recovered a decomposed body that was hanging from a cashew tree on January 20, 2009. During the autopsy, police had preserved some vital organs which were sent to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, Hyderabad, for DNA profiling in May 2009. The CFSL concluded that the body recovered was that of Yogita.A senior scientific officer's statement to the court in June 2011 stated that the tissue sent by the police for conducting the DNA test belonged to the 'biological female offspring of Yogita's parents'.Police said Mahanand, as he was wont to do with his other victims, had befriended Yogita under the pretext of marrying her. On January 10, 2009, he took her to a cashew plantation in Morlem and strangulated her with her dupatta. After killing her, he stole her gold ornaments valued at Rs 80,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943576", "title": "A platform to showcase engg students\u2019 skills", "text": "BHOPAL: Over thousand engineering students from all over country assembled at the Barkatullah University (BU) here have proved one thing: There is no dearth of talent.They have shown their aptitude in 'Tekniska-2012', a tech fest being organised by the University Institute of Technology of the BU. The five-day tech fest will conclude on Sunday.Important events organised on Saturday include white-line tracer, blind-coding, land-gaming and graffiti wall. As the names suggest, all of them were related to create machines and computer softwares at the drop of a hat.In the white-line tracer, students were asked to construct a 'wireless moving machine'.\"The wireless machine had to follow the white-line drawn on the floor. The team that completes the entire white-line path in the minimum time would be declared winner,\" students' coordinator of BU-UIT, Shazma Khan explains.There were 20 teams in the white-line tracer event, each comprising five members. Only four teams were qualified for the final round. Interestingly, the team from Allahabad after the event said that they were never taught in the practical classes about creating such a wireless machine.\"Though we knew certain things theoretically, it was our own effort that we have successfully created this machine,\" Bhaskar, a team member said. The team spent Rs 1,800 to create their machine. Other finalist teams were from BU-UIT and Radharaman Engineering College. In the blind-coding event, participants were asked to develop a software programme on computer. The stipulated condition was that the computer monitors would be switched-off as the participants work on the machines. In all, 60 students participated in three rounds of the event. Among these, nine students reached the final stage.Students evinced keen interest in these events. \"Around 1000 students from across state and various parts of the country are participating in the event. The response is overwhelming,\" the event coordinator, Shazma said.She added that the events for the tech-fest were selected after discussing with the students. \"The idea behind the tech-fest was to encourage students in demonstrating their hidden talent,\" she added.Rock-concert and valedictory function will be held on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944766", "title": "Monorail tries out city tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: Just after the monorail set forth for its first public trail run in the city on Saturday, the authorities declared their \"fairer\" decision.Country head for Scomi International Kanesan Veluppillai said they had decided against gender discrimination when it came to recruitment. \"If women want to join as drivers and they have the required qualifications, they will be taken in and trained,\" he said. \"We will require a diploma in engineering for drivers as they will not only drive the monorail but also act as a troubleshooter who will take care of the train during emergencies.\" Scomi and L&T; are the building and operating agencies of the monorail, which is being implemented and financed by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).Around 10am in the morning, the green monorail rake, which glided out of the depot for the much publicized trial run, sounded its shrill horn several times-just to announce its grand presence-before launching on the short trip. After it covered 2 km from Wadala depot to the Bhakti Park station, Veluppillai told reporters they had a few trained staff but would recruit more. \"We expect to have more than 200 operations and maintenance staff,\" he said.Internal test runs were being conducted over the last week, but this was the first one undertaken for the media. The monorail will have a network of several lines across the city; the first line will be from Chembur to Jacob Circle and the first phase of it, will cover 10 km from Chembur to Wadala.According to top MMRDA officials, it could be another five to six months before commuters can take a ride on the monorail as it will have to undergo rigorous tests. Echoing them, Veluppillai said various systems like communication, signal, civil and safety arrangements were being examined. \"First, an independent agency will have to certify the rakes on safety standards. Only when all the systems can run smoothly, will the trains be allowed for public use,\" he said. Even reporters were not allowed to go on board the monorail as a safety measure.Driverless trains could be a reality Hi-tech driverless trains could become a reality on some monorail lines in the city in future.Country head for Scomi International Kanesan Veluppillai said monorail projects, which were coming up in Brazil, would have seven-coach driversless rakes, which would be computer-controlled and not man-driven. \"This could become a reality in Mumbai at a later stage,\" he said.Places like Delhi and Chennai, which are keen on starting monorail, might go in for the driverless model, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "11945277", "title": "Criminals loot 2L from petrol pump", "text": "PURNIA: Nearly a dozen armed criminals looted about Rs 2 lakh from a petrol pump alongside the NH-31 near Belgachhi under Baisi police station in Purnia district on Friday night.About a dozen criminals, wearing lungis and pants, walked up to the petrol pump around 11.20 pm on Friday. They thrashed the staff of the petrol pump with lathis and other weapons and forcibly locked them inside a cabin at the petrol pump and looted the cash. They looted about Rs 2 lakh, police said. Baisi SHO Ajay Kumar Jha on Saturday said the petrol pump staff somehow managed to break open the cabin after the criminals disappeared.Jha said early investigation indicated that dacoits were from same locality and would soon be brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11946005", "title": "Tariff revision: Discoms seek steep hikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sky seems to be the limit for Delhi's power distribution utilities who have now demanded hefty hikes in tariff for the financial year 2012-13 in their annual revenue requirement petitions to the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission.While the north Delhi discom, Tata Delhi Power, has sought a hike of 18%, BSES Rajdhani wants a hike of 20% and BSES Yamuna has asked for a 27% increase. And this is not the end as these hikes are not inclusive of past-year dues, which DERC had already conceded to the power companies.Last year, when the new tariff was announced, the commission had declared that the three discoms had a collective gap of Rs 6,000 crore, out of which Rs 1,200 crore was recovered through a 22% hike in tariff. The regulator had stated that the remaining Rs 4,800 crore would have to be recovered by discoms in the next three years.\"The hikes sought by the discoms for next year are not inclusive of this gap. Their tariff petitions will be studied and accordingly a tariff revision will be announced in due time,\" said a senior DERC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949556", "title": "Saguni to be released on April 14", "text": "Actor Karthi's Saguni, which is touted to be a political satire, will be released on April 14, which marks Tamil New Year.The actor is having a release after more than a year. His ,last film was Siruthai (which is being made in Bollywood as Rowdy Rathore), which released in January 2011.The film, directed by debutant Shankar Dayal, also stars Pranitha, Santhanam, Radhikaa Sarathkumar, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Nasser and Roja. Former glam queen Mumtaz is doing a crucial role in the film.The film is about a young man who comes to the city and gets entwined in the vicious circle of politics. How he changes the life of others forms the rest of the tale.Recently, the unit picturised a song starring the two leads in Poland , where Steven Spielberg shot his Oscar winner Schindler's List. The music for the film is being scored by hotshot composer G V Prakash Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945510", "title": "Orphanage threatens hunger strike", "text": "NAGPUR: The office bearers and inmates of Manorama Balsadan, an orphanage run by Jayashree Sushikshit Berojgar Mahila Mandal, a registered social organization, have threatened to go on an indefinite hunger strike to demand release of their grants. The agitation will start on February 21 in front of the district collector's office.The orphanage is home to 25 children and is situated at Aradhna Colony, Jaripatka. \"Our grants have not been paid for last ten years. After assessment, a total of around 5 lakh is pending and we have appealed to the ministers in winter assembly session,\" said Surabhan Sonpimple, adviser of Manorama Balsadan.He further said that the money was being held by district Women and Child Development office. \"They are giving vague reasons for not releasing it. It's total harassment, and now situation has worsened so much that starvation of our children doesn't seem avoidable,\" he said.The officials of the orphanage have sent letters to Women and Child Development Directorate but in vain.\"Now we don't have any choice other than going on a fast unto death, and we have taken the required permissions from the police for the protest. We, the officials, workers and even our children, will go on a strike to demand our right,\" said Sonpimple", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943789", "title": "Min temperature up by 3\u00b0 celsius", "text": "PUNE: After two days of colder nights, the minimum temperature in the city on Saturday was recorded at 12.2 degrees Celsius, an increase by over 3 degrees celsius.This was equal to the normal mark for the day.On Friday, the city had recorded a minimum of 9 degrees celsius, which was three notches below normal, while it was 9.8 degrees celsius the night before.The maximum temperature, too, has increased to 34 degrees celsius, which is two notches above normal, as against the 30.9 degrees celsius recorded on Thursday.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast warmer nights ahead with the night temperatures expected to go up to 14 degrees celsius in the next 48 hours. However, the day temperature is likely to remain around 34 degrees celsius.\"A western disturbance prevails over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu &amp; Kashmir, and the system is expected to move east-northeastwards,\" an IMD official said. The system has reduced the influence of the northerly winds, which bring cold air to the central and peninsular India, he said.The week, starting from February 12, had begun on a warmer note with the day, as well as night temperatures, recorded around 34 degrees celsius (+2) and 11.4 degrees celsius (normal).On Monday, the maximum touched a high of 34.4 degrees celsius, two notches above normal, leading to hot conditions in the afternoon hours.Half-way through the week, the maximum temperature came down to the normal mark at 31.9 degrees celsius on Wednesday and minimum went up two notches above normal, at 14.2 degrees celsius, the same day.The temperatures dropped significantly in the next two days, Thursday and Friday, with the minimum dipping to 9.8 degrees celsius (-2) and further to 9 degrees celsius (-3), respectively.The maximum, too, dropped a notch below normal at 30.9 degrees celsius on Thursday before going up to 32.2 degrees celsius, equal to normal, on Friday.Senior IMD officials then attributed the dip in temperatures to the moving away of night cloudiness that gave way to clear sky conditions with cold northerlies flowing in. \"The situation no more exists now,\" the official said. Night temperatures were appreciably below normal, that is, a difference of 3 to 4 degrees celsius from normal, in some parts of central Maharashtra belt, between Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre, and in Konkan and Goa belt, which includes Mumbai.Malegaon in central Maharashtra recorded the state's lowest temperature at 9.8 degrees celsius, three notches below normal, while Ahmednagar recorded the hottest day in the state at 35.8 degrees celsius on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11948712", "title": "MNS to have its first mayor in Nashik: Raj Thackeray", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray today clarified that his party will have its first mayor in Nashik, where it has emerged as the single largest party.However, the party chief said that he would not reveal with which party he is holding talks to form majority to rule the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).\"MNS will not breach people's trust by taking wrong decisions just for the sake of power. We will deliver good results to the people of Nashik,\" Raj, who was given a grand welcome by the partymen in Nashik, when he came here this morning , told reporters.The MNS chief also said that he had come to the city specially to congratulate the winning MNS corporators and to thank the citizens for supporting his party.During the just-concluded polls, MNS emerged as the single largest party in the city dethroning arch-rival Shiv Sena from power by bagging 40 seats in the 122-member body.However, the party is not in a position to rule the civic body alone and will have to take help of some other parties. Congress has won 15 seats, NCP 20, Shiv Sena 19, BJP 14, CPM 3, while independents have won 11 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943864", "title": "Scribe, 3 family members killed", "text": "BHOPAL: In a shocking incident, ajournalist, his wife and two children were found murdered on Saturday under mysterious circumstances at their house near the electricity board colony at Umaria, about 160 km from here.Chandrika Rai (42), who was a correspondent with a Hindi daily, his wife Durga Rai, a janpad panchayat member, son and daughter were found lying dead in a pool of blood in their house, which was locked from outside.A local TV journalist Bijendra Tiwari, friend of Rai, reached his house in the evening as he could not contact Rai over telephone since morning. His two other friends also joined him and informed Rai's brother that the house was locked and his family members could not be contacted.Suspecting some foul play as the channel gates of the house was also found locked, Rai's brother and his friends broke open the door and entered the house and found that Chadrika Rai was lying in a pool of blood in his office room where computers were kept. He was found to be attacked using a spring leaf used in jeeps.Bodies of his wife Durga Rai, engineering student son and daughter were found in the bedroom with injury marks on their bodies. They were found to be attacked with a \"hasia\", a sharp edged weapon. His son had come home during vacation.Umaria district superintendent of police Manohar Singh Jhamra told TOI that house has been sealed and forensic experts were being called in while a contingent of police has been deployed at the crime scene. A dog squad has also been requisitioned while a police team is being constituted to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945584", "title": "\u2018Despite security concerns, flu study details to be released\u2019", "text": "The full details of recent experiments that made a deadly flu virus more contagious will be published, probably within a few months, despite recommendations by the US that some information be kept secret for fear that terrorists could use it to start epidemics.The announcement, made on Friday by the WHO, follows two months of heated debate about the flu research. The recommendation to publish the work in full came from a meeting of 22 experts in flu and public health from various countries who met on Thursday and Friday in Geneva at WHO headquarters to discuss \"urgent issues\" raised by the research.Most of the group felt that any theoretical risk of the virus's being used by terrorists was far outweighed by the \"real and present danger\" of similar flu viruses in the wild, and by the need to study them and freely share information that could help identify the changes that might signal that a virus is developing the ability to cause a pandemic, said Dr Anthony S Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, who represented US at meeting.--NYT NEWS SERVICE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945171", "title": "No Carnival parade in Margao, Vasco", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Digambar Kamat ordered the cancellation of the Panaji carnival float parade leaving it to the administration, including chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava, to decide on the carnival celebrations in the four other cities of Mapusa, and Ponda.Chairman of Margao carnival committee, Vivek Parsekar told STOI that it has been decided not to hold carnival parade in Margao in view of the tragedy in Calvim- Aldona. Officials of the Vasco carnival committee announced the cancellation of the carnival parade in the port town.Official sources told STOI that top officials including the chief secretary were holding a meeting with all stakeholders to decide whether to hold the carnival float parades in other cities or not. There were diverse views with some urging that the carnival celebrations be cancelled due to the tragic deaths of young children. Others opined that the carnival float parades in the other cities be held.It is estimated that at least in Panaji, where the carnival was cancelled at the last minute, a major part of the 30 lakh earmarked for the celebrations had been used because all arrangements, decorations, lighting, and barricades were already done. Sources told STOI that except for the prize money of 3.75 lakh, the rest of the money from the 30 lakh amount must have been used up. The Panaji carnival committee and the other four carnival committees had already been disbursed 50% of the amount.The carnival budget for the other four cities was only 15 lakh each and the Ponda carnival committee had not been given the amount, sources said.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945265", "title": "In 8 yrs, 10,000 people went missing in state", "text": "JAIPUR: It is a cry for justice for those who have vanished into darkness, probably never to return. A writ petition seeking Rajasthan High Court's intervention in tracing a staggering number of people missing from Rajasthan-nearly 10,000 over the past eight years-was filed on Friday.The petitioner, Krishna Kukkad from one Anti-Social Activities Prevention Society, fears in his petition that many of the missing persons, especially teenaged girls, are likely to have fallen prey to human trafficking gangs. \"However, except lodging missing persons report in a casual manner, nothing has been done seriously to find out the real story behind such large number of missing persons by the state authorities,\" the petitioner has said. He has further pleaded, \"the present state of affairs reminds us of the 'Nithari case', where many children were reported missing. However, they were found kidnapped and then murdered by one person just below the nose of Noida police in Uttar Pradesh\".\"As per the police records, about 9,400 persons have been reported missing since 2004. Figures are alarming and almost 70 to 80% of missing persons are either children or women. It is quite dreadful,\" Kukkad said. He alleged that state authorities, except in a few highlighted cases, where there is media hype or some persons from the family having high-level connections are kidnapped or missed, had not acted at all. \"One may wonder as to what happens to those children who go missing. Do they fall victim to the child adoption rackets or child kidnappers who would force them join the army of beggars or prostitutes? The percentage of missing children who remain untraced is consistently on the rise in the state,\" petitioner's advocate AK Jain told TOI.However, the police claim to have undertaken some serious efforts recently.\"Earlier, when a person went missing, just a complaint used to be filed. But now instructions have been given to lodge a proper FIR. We keep every details in our records about the missing person including distinct birthmarks and photograph,\" said a senior CID, CB officer.The police department claims to have adopted many new measures to improve the situation. \"First, a missing person's report (MPR) is filed with a particular police station, then the information is sent to all the police stations across the state through radiogram,\" he said.\"Then the investigation officer of ASI or SI level goes through all the possibilities where the person could be found. If we fail to trace the person in this way and all the police stations report failure to our headquarters in this regard, we then use the media and other publicity techniques to inform the public about it. Besides, we also inform the police of other states through ZIP NET,\" said the officer.The petitioner has made the home secretary and the DGP respondents in the matter. The petition is likely to come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943572", "title": "Homoeo college job scam: Number of teachers may go up", "text": "BHOPAL: The number of homeopaths, who managed to get jobs in the Government Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital, Bhopal on the basis of forged documents may go up, claimed the man who blew the lid off the scam.The police on Friday have registered an FIR against 8 homoeopaths, including 5 woman doctors for submitting forged documents for securing appointment.The forgery in government homoeopathic college surfaced in response to an RTI application filed by Gwalior-based homeopath Dr P Kumar Pippal.Police said accused, Rajiv, Santosh, Hemant, Pooja, Babita, Gyanesh, Amba Singh and Linsi were appointed between 2001 and 2006. They have been working as lecturers and readers in the college and hospital all these years.Dr Pippal, the whistle-blower gave the police relevant documents to substantiate his allegations homoeopaths produced fake certificates to get appointments in government homoeopathic college. Dr Pippali alleged that the number of homeopaths that managed appointment by producing fake certificates would further go up and he is in the process to get documents that would bring under scanner a few more appointments. \"The police are looking into the matter and any action against the accused would be taken either by the police or by the government. The accused would continue to serve till then,\" Principal of the college, SK Mishra told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "11946483", "title": "Dogs maul abandoned newborn girl", "text": "BHADRAK: Reminiscent of the tragic and shocking baby Falak incident in Delhi recently, a newborn abandoned baby girl being mauled by dogs was rescued from Bhadrak town on Saturday. Sheikh Kartik and his sister Minu noticed the child being mauled by the canines and raised an alarm. As the feasting hunters were in no mood to leave, the rescuers had to virtually snatch the newborn from the dogs' clutches, sources said.\"By the time we could rescue her, the right hand of the child was eaten away by the stray animals,\" said Minu, a lactating mother, who breast-fed the abandoned baby. \"We heard her scream. The voice was not too loud but the shriek was disturbing,\" she said, adding, \"I would love to raise the child as my daughter.\" The girl was admitted to Bhadrak district headquarter hospital. Her condition was said to be serious but stable. Police suspect the child's mother may have deserted her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11946513", "title": "Cops on security duty suffer burns in mysterious fire, critical", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two policemen deployed on the security of former Punjab DGP suffered around 50% burns in a fire during in the wee hours today.Incident took place when Multan Singh and Harjeet Singh, the two cops were sleeping in their tent pitched outside the sector 26 bunglow of S P Singh, former DGP of Punjab Police.Both the cops were rushed to a private hospital. As their condition deteriorated, they were referred to PGI Chandigarh.Even as the police are yet to start an investigations, sources in the private hospital where the two were rushed, informed about the presence of kerosene fumes in the bodies and cloths of victim cops. Whereas an attendant, who was among those who accompanied the injured cops to hospital, informed that all this happened all of a sudden.\"It was light blast like sound. Before we could react, the two were engulfed in flames. We just rushed them to hospital\" an attendant, who too suffered injuries, said.SP Singh, the former DGP, who too was present in the hospital expressed inability to elaborate on exact cause of fire.Meanwhile, confirming that the two cops got 50% burns, sources in Panchkula hospital who gave the first aid confirmed presence of kerosene fumes in the bodies and cloths of injured cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943756", "title": "Short film by FTII student wins award at Mumbai film fest", "text": "PUNE: 'One, Two,' a short film by Prantik Basu, a student of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), was honoured with the Indian jury award at the 12th Mumbai International Film Festival for Documentary, Short and Animation Films (MIFF 2012) recently. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 2.50 lakh. The event was held between February 3 and 9.The film is a story of two passengers who confide in each other during an overnight bus journey and share their story of a woman who affected their lives in different ways. One story leads to the other and the same woman, with her parrot, travels through both the accounts, yet emerges out as two different characters portrayed by the two men. tnn'One, Two' was also screened at the New Taipei City film festival's Golden Lion International Student Film Competition in 2011. It has won the PATTON award for the best Indian entry at the 9th Kalpanirjhar International Short Fiction Film Festival, Kolkata, and also bagged the technical awards in camera - gold and sound - silver at the 4th Cut.In Students' Video Festival, Mumbai 2011. It was also nominated for best sound and cinematography in Whistling Woods International Student Film Competition, a section of the Pune International Film Festival (PIFF), 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943543", "title": "NHRC directs MCI to look into plaint of drug trial death in Indore", "text": "BHOPAL: In a significant development in the controversial drug trial cases of Madhya Pradesh, National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has directed the Medical Council of India (MCI) to probe the complaint of a woman, who lost her 73-year-old husband after he was subjected to drug trials at Indore two years ago.In a letter to MCI Chairman, NHRC assistant registrar (law) stated that upon perusing the complaint, it is being transferred. \"The complaint is transmitted to the authority concerned for such action as deemed. Accordingly, I am forwarding a copy of the complaint to you for its disposal at your end,\" the letter said.In her complaint, Hajani Anwar Bi alleged her husband Haji Abdul Rashid suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) died due to ill effects of the drug trial on April 21, 2010.Anwar Bi stated her hubby, suffering from COPD, went to the government-run Manorama Raje TB Hospital where some doctors referred him to Chest and TB expert Dr Salil Bhargava, who took him to his private clinic, Gyanpushp Research Centre. She charged Dr Bhargava neither took consent her husband nor from her consent for conducting drug trials on him. She claimed that her husband was given \"Salbutamol + Ipratropium Inhaler\".Drug trials allegedly conducted by some government doctors without patients 'consent between 2005 and 2010 in Indore, has triggered a controversy in the state. The state government has let off the government doctors in questions with a nominal fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11945773", "title": "UP polls: Young, educated &amp; battle-ready", "text": "LUCKNOW: Of the 30 candidates contesting from Lucknow's five urban constituencies , 10 are 40 or below . The oldest, 79-yearold Vidya Sagar Gupta, is BJP's nominee from Lucknow Central.The polls throw up instances where youngsters are pitted against ageing leaders. With youth being the new catch phrase, young netas-most of them educated professionals - are not shying away from politics.Three 26-year-olds , Abhishek Singh and Ram Nath, of JD(U), along with Peace Party's Surendrapal Singh are trying their luck from Lucknow North, Lucknow Central and Lucknow Cantonment . Good education appears to be the benchmark for nearly all Lucknow seats. Only six candidates of the total 30 haven't gone beyond senior secondary. Among candidates who've declared their educational qualifications, Congress ' Faqir Siddiqui from Lucknow Central is the least qualified, having passed Class VIII.There are four doctorate candidates in Lucknow . UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, a professor of history at Allahabad University, is fighting from Lucknow Cantonment . Peace Party's Aziz Khan from Lucknow West, academic and former IIM professor Abhishek Mishra from Lucknow North and Ramesh Srivastava of the Congress from Lucknow East.If Lucknow's candidates are young and educated , as many as 16 nominees are crorepatis. BSP's Arun Dwivedi is the richest, with assets exceeding Rs 14 crore.There are others who've breached the Rs 10-crore boundary. Juhie Singh, daughter of former UP chief secretary AP Singh, contesting on an SP ticket from Lucknow East, stands second. Her total assets are worth Rs 8.44 crore. Among other crorepatis are Lucknow North's Ashutosh alias Gopal Tandon , SP's academic candidate Abhishek Mishra, Rita Joshi of the Congress and SP's Mohammed Rehan . On the gender front, in Lucknow, only three out of the 30 fielded in the city are women.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943813", "title": "Fine-tune laws, process to push mediation, says expert", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid rising numbers of litigations, India has a potential to use mediation as an effective tool to settle disputes, if the country develops a mechanism to ensure that conciliation and mediation begin at a point when a complaint is filed, renowned International Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) expert Rahim Shamji said.\"In India, the government wants to promote mediation. It had already incorporated a provision in the Code of Civil Procedure (CPC) 1908, providing that where it appears to the court, it may refer the same for arbitration, conciliation and mediation. But, then it's too late to begin efforts for conciliation at the trial stage,\" he told TOI on the sidelines of mediation competition underway at the National Law Institute University (NLIU).Pointing out that a mechanism where mediation starts at the time when a complaint is filed, Shamji said he felt mediation has a great potential for solving problem in a pluralistic and diverse country like India where judicial process is slow and people want speedy settlement.The mediation expert said professionals like doctors, architects and others could set up a mediation cell in their respective associations to resolve any disputes among their members so that a definitely cost saving process for settlement is geared. \"Thus, they can also help keep their dirty linen inside,\" he quipped.\"While the centre is keen to promote mediation, mindset of judges, lawyers and other authorities is a main hurdle. Other countries faced the same problem. Later, but the situation quickly changed in favour of mediation,\" he pointed out.\"In a litigation, even a winner at times goes back home feeling mentally, physically and financially exhausted,\" he pointed out. In contrast, in mediation parties concerned adopt a problem-solving approach to find out a \"win-win\" outcome and there is no winner or loser.Describing mediation culturally flexible, Shamji said since it is not bound by rigid procedures, it can be adopted in a country on similar lines as being practised in other nations.\"A method of online registration of mediators will also be helpful. This is a method used in the UK and the USA where mediators register themselves with the courts and a list is generated online. If a client is seeking a mediator in a particular area, field or with any other specification, he can search for him online. This enables transparency and lends credibility \" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11948903", "title": "IAF to procure 71 more armed choppers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming at strengthening its medium-lift helicopter fleet, the IAF is planning to procure 71 more Mi-17 V5 choppers, including 12 for the Ministry of Home Affairs.These would be in addition to the 80 already ordered from Russia.The MI-17 V5 falls in armed helicopter category, with substantial and effective firepower. It has latest and more powerful engines that enhance its payload carrying capability at higher altitudes.Of the 80 choppers ordered earlier, Defence Minister A K Antony formally inducted their first batch on Friday.Of the 71 helicopters to be ordered, 59 would be provided to the IAF for replacing its old Mi-8 and Mi-17IV choppers and six would be given to the Border Security Force.The remaining six would be distributed among the other central armed police forces, IAF officials said.Earlier the IAF was proceeding with the acquisition of 59 choppers only but later on the MHA requested to club its requirements also in the same Defence Ministry proposal, they said.In 2008, India had signed a deal with Russia to supply 80 Mi-17s to augment its existing fleet of around 150 Mi-8 and Mi-17 medium-lift choppers, which have over five tonne load carrying capability and are also used to ferry troops and VIPs.IAF had felt the need of inducting more medium-lift choppers after a spate of natural disasters following the tsunami in December 2004 and heavy snowfall in Kashmir in 2005.The Mi-17 V5 is an upgrade of Mi-17 choppers in the medium-lift category and is equipped with state-of-the-art avionics and on board navigation systems.On the machine's capabilities, an IAF official said, \"It has on-board weather radar, state-of-the-art autopilot and is compatible with the latest generation night vision goggles.\"The Mi-17 variants have operated in various types of terrain, including Siachen Glacier, and have also proved their mettle in UN missions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950497", "title": "Title change for Oviyaa-Vimal film", "text": "The Oviyaa and Vimal starrer, Sillu Sillunu Oru Sandhippu, has gone for a title change.And the title of the film will henceforth be Sillunu Oru Sandhippu. The film which also has Deepasha in a key role and is being directed by Ravi Lallin, who is not just making his directorial debut with this film but also handling story, screenplay and dialogues as well. The cast and crew have finished shooting portions of the film already in locales Chennai and Malaysia respectively.The next shooting schedule for the film will resume soon after the strike issue in Kollywood gets resolved. Produced by Nandhagopal, the film is based on a love story. For both the Kalavani-fame actors, Vimal and Oviyaa, this will be one film which will see them on-screen again. Another film is Sundar C's Masala Cafe as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11953390", "title": "Move to give MFN status to India being misconstrued: Yousuf Raza Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The issue of Pakistan giving India Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status is being misconstrued though it is only meant to ensure that there is no discrimination in trade between the two countries, prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Sunday.Gilani made the remarks while interacting with journalists during a private visit to Pir Jo Goth in southern Sindh province.He said a similar status had already been given to 100 other countries across the world. The federal cabinet had allowed the commerce ministry to negotiate with its Indian counterpart on the issue of trade balance, he said.The government will never compromise on the country's national interests while taking steps like giving India MFN status, he said.Gilani noted that since his government came to power in 2008, trade across the Line of Control (LoC) had been recorded at Rs 15 billion.The annual trade between China and India, despite their border dispute, was to the tune of USD 60 billion, he pointed out.Several extremist groups, including the Jamaat-ud-Dawah, have opposed the government's decision to give MFN status by the end of the year. They have threatened to launch protests if the government goes ahead with the move.Following talks between Indian commerce minister Anand Sharma and his Pakistani counterpart Makhdoom Amin Fahim in Islamabad last week, the two sides agreed to switch over to a negative list regime for trade by the end of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945570", "title": "Sketch and the city", "text": "On a torrentially rainy night, in the midst of a rash of matchbox shanties, squarejawed cop Sunil Sawant lights a cigarette, spouts an unprintable monologue and shoots a limping man called Kadam. The latter collapses against a wall adorned with a poster of the film Bhakti Man.Relishing his victim's slow yet surefire downfall, Sawant then bites his cigarette, flashes an evil smile and looks especially menacing as he fires the last shot in the way only someone with a license to kill can.This 'encounter' sequence isn't a strand of Anurag Kashyap's dark imagination. It belongs to the soon-to-be-released Indian graphic novel Mumbai Confidential. In the book, no stone has been left unturned to capture the Mumbai underworld in all its gritty authenticity- writer Saurav Mohapatra's characters speak the real stuff, so the English lines are interspersed with Marathi and Hindi . And artist Vivek Shinde actually went around the city taking photographs of various slums before replicating them in his sketches.This attempt to bring out local character and setting in a visually cinematic way is the newest achievement of the Indian comic book industry. Unlike an earlier generation that had to make do with mythological storylines set in fictional locations, younger comic book artists are making sure that their characters are placed in distinctly identifiable Indian locales. The proof lies in the comic books that are at the ongoing national Comic Con in Delhi-Hyderabadi Biryani about a pizza delivery boy in Hyderabad; Black Gold set in Mumbai's Manmad; and Stupid Guy Goes To India, a translation of a Manga comic created by a Japanese man about his misadventures in Delhi.\"Indian cities are pregnant with possibility,\" says Mohapatra , whose previous book Mumbai Macguffin, was about a CIA operative who comes to Mumbai to hunt for a downed satellite and ends up facing weird characters such as a don named Fukku bhai. \"With globalisation, the idioms of life have become a hotchpotch of uniquely Indian and truly universal-which is every writer's wet dream.\"Anil C S Rao, creator of Hyderabadi Biryani, agrees. For his novel, Rao drew inspiration from foreign cinema and international graphic novels, where crime and violence are part of the territory. Hyderabadi Biryani is an adaptation of Diva, a French film about a young postman obsessed with a beautiful opera singer. \"I transferred the protagonist to Hyderabad, converted him into a pizza boy and made the woman a Carnatic singer,\" says Rao, who asked his cousin to take snaps of five-stars , markets and pizza outlets in Hyderabad and treated the photos using software like Maya.Fenil Sherdiwala's Black Gold, which is set in the oil adulteration hub of Manmad, followed a similar route. For a seuqence that required him to show Mahalaxmi Station, the writer asked a professional photographer to park himself at the station and shoot inside Mumbai's local trains. \"We also referred to news clippings and online photos,\" says Sherdiwala , who went so far as to learn how blue kerosene is converted to white kerosene.\"Every street in the country has its own culture, which changes every two to three kilometres ,\" says artist Abhijeet Kini , adding that leaving this diversity untapped is \"criminal\" . Interestingly, Bollywood Bgrade cinema formed the source of inspiration for Kini's artwork in Uud Bilaw Manus, a story of a dog-faced superhero who boasts a 'lohe ka haath' and 'rubber ka kachcha'. \"North Indians will easily identify with the superhero who speaks faux puri- a mix of English and Bhojpuri,\" he says, adding that most of the dialogue of the anti-heroes is inspired by Bollywood villains Jeevan and Pran.Abhishek Sharma, director of Tere Bin Laden and creator of the comic book Munkeeman, which is based on a bizarre urban legend in Delhi, feels the trend is a sign of national maturity . \"We are proudly telling our own stories instead of aping the West,\" he says, adding that local flavour is key. The two villains in his book are Noida-based Gujarati men named Nakul and Sahdev who have a tendency to lapse into pristine Delhi phrases such as \"raita phail gaya chuhe ka\".Nothing, however, captures Delhi better than a sequence in Stupid Guy Goes to India. Here the Japanese protagonist's wallet gets stolen at Chor Bazaar when he is buying shoes. He, then, has to fight his way through a herd of goats and several other hurdles before he manages to find the police station . In the end, of course, the cops refuse to file a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gokak", "code": "11943421", "title": "DVS tried hard to woo Lingayats", "text": "GOKAK: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's attempts to woo the Lingayat community, until now his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa's stronghold, are meeting with limited success. Interestingly, the former chief minister came in for some criticism at a meet of Panchamsali Lingayats here on Saturday.Trying to come out of Yeddyurappa's shadow by taking independent decisions on administrative matters, Gowda has irked the former CM. His attending the Lingayat event in Gokak was one such effort to gain the community's confidence which has stood by the BJP over the years.Gowda's presence at the state-level Rashtriya Bhavaikyata Samavesh-2012 organized by Veerashaiva Panchamasali community, was designed to win over the community as well as BJP legislators and MPs in this area who are identified with the Yeddyurappa camp. But almost all followers of Yeddyurappa, including ministers Umesh V Katti, Laxman Savadi and Murugesh R Nirani, were absent besides MPs Suresh Angadi, Prabhakar B Kore and Ramesh Katti. Local MLAs Jagadish Metgud, Anand Mamani, Suresh Marihal, Sanjay Patil, Pralhad Remani and MLC Mahantesh Kavatagimath also chose to keep away.However, minister Balachandra Jarkiholi, MLAs Abhay Patil, Raju Kage and Duryodhan Aihole were present. Gowda, who held a meeting with these MLAs at Jarkiholi's residence, avoided mediapersons' questions about their absence.While Gowda had to put up wit the embarrassment of leaders keeping away, Yeddyurappa came in for flak by seers and seniors of the community. The honorary president Bavi Bettappa, in a veiled attack on Yeddyurappa, referred to the latter reportedly not taking kindly to the CM attending the event. \"We'll teach those who tried to sabotage this convention a lesson.\"The community's president Basavaraj Dindoor said Yeddyurappa tapped into the community for his benefit, but didn't give back much. The seers urged the CM to include Panchamsalis in the 2A category in the reservation policy and ensure two berths during the cabinet expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943903", "title": "IMC top boss gets respite from court", "text": "INDORE: A day after issuing a non-bailable warrant against Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) commissioner, Yogendra Sharma while hearing a petition related to elections of corporators, the district court revoked the warrant and asked the civic body to present its case before the court in the next hearing, which is scheduled for February 28.IMC spokesman Narendra Garotia said, \"We informed the court that the civic body did not receive the notice regarding the hearing on February 17 that was the only reason behind no-appearance of civic official in court at the time of hearing. Court accepted it and revoked the arrest warrant.\" He also said that now civic body would present its view on the in next hearing.It is to be noted that a petition has been filed on behalf of Bharat Mathurawala challenging the election of corporator Dinesh Pandey. The petitioner had alleged that Pandey's nomination papers were allegedly signed by a corporation employee, Nikhilesh, as proposer of his candidacy. The petition has noted that this was a violation of the election rules and on the basis of this, Pandey's election should be declared null and void.The petition was heard by additional district and session judge D N Mishra on Friday. Irked with the non-appearance of the IMC commissioner in the court, the court issued a non-bailable warrant against him.The first hearing in the matter was held on January 24 and at that time also, the court had issued a bailable warrant against the municipal commissioner for non-appearance in the court and court directed him to produce certain records in person on Friday's hearing. Even the corporator in question did not submit the records sought by the court. In the last hearing, the court asked to submit the records of nominations and also record of Nikhilesh, IMC failed to submit these records on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11946445", "title": "Renovated hunting tower in Bhitarkanika offers spectacular view", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Forest officials have recently renovated the century-old hunting tower in Bhitarkanka national park in Kendrapada district to attract more tourists to watch the dense mangrove forest and creeks from the top of the shooting tower.\"We are happy to have the hunting tower renovated and all are welcome to visit the tower. Those who will be able to climb nearly 50 feet up the steps will be able to enjoy a breathtaking view,\" said Manoj Kumar Mohapatra, divisional forest officer of Bhitarkanika national park.The tower was built in the 1920s by Rajendra Narayan Bhanjadeo, the raja of Rajkanika, to shoot crocodiles, deer, wild boars, sambars and other animals. The shooting tower, built near a big pond and grazing ground, is spread over 20 acres. In the evening, animals come to the pond to drink water and graze on the grazing ground. Crocodiles also stay in the pond. Royal family members used to shoot animals from the 24 holes of the hunting tower. Now the holes serve as viewing points for tourists.Rajendra Narayan Bhanjadeo, who was king of Rajkanika from 1924 to 1948, was a famous hunter. The history of Rajkanika is replete with accounts of his hunting expeditions. A giant crocodile was shot dead in 1926 by Rajendra Narayan Bhanjadeo, the great grandfather of the present scion , Shivendu Narayan Bhanjadeo, on Dhamra river in the present day Bhitarkanika national park. The crocodile was said to have been 23 feet long. Its skull is still preserved in Kanika museum at Rajkanika.Tourists, however, should stay away from emulating such acts as the Central government enacted the Wildlife Protection Act in 1972, which bans hunting of animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944236", "title": "Gold jewellery worth Rs 2.5L stolen from Sarangpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two men stole gold jewellery worth approximately Rs 2.5 lakh from a jewellery shop in Sarangpur chakla on Saturday afternoon. According to Khadia police, Pavan Marwadi, 25, a Saranpur resident, works as an attendant at Krishna Jewellers located near Sarangpur chakla. On Saturday, at 3 pm, two men came to the shop and asked him to show gold chains that they intended to buy as wedding gift. The duo went through a number of designs.\"As per the complainant, when he was busy with another work, the duo chose a couple of designs and said that they will come later in the day or on Sunday to finalize the purchase. When they had left, Marwadi realized that the duo stole a plastic box from a bag kept near his counter. The box contained gold jewellery of around 90 grams. He tried to track them down on the road but in vain,\" said a Khadia police official.D H Desai, inspector of Khadia police station, said that they have started search for the accused on the basis of the modus operandi used earlier by thieves. \"It did not take the thieves more than 15 minutes to divert the young attendant's attention and steal the goods. Thus, we believe that it might be a handiwork of history-sheeters,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11949775", "title": "BSP will win more seats this time: Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister and BSP chief Mayawati today claimed her party would win more seats in Uttar Pradesh elections this time as compared to 2007 state polls.\"Where ever I have toured and BSP rallies were held, there were huge enthusiasm among people and it seems that the party will pose a very good performance in comparison to 2007 polls,\" she told reporters here after casting her ballot at Lucknow Montessori inter college.In 2007 UP Assembly polls, BSP surprised its political rivals by winning 206 seats and forming the majority government in the state after a gap of nearly 16 years.Meanwhile, former national president of BJP Rajnath Singh said increase in voter turnout this time was indicative of people anger towards the government.\"The manner in which atmosphere was against SP in 2007, this time similar anger exist among the people against BSP,\" he claimed.\"The increase in voting percentage is expression of their anger against the ruling BSP,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945192", "title": "3 killed in separate accidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people, including a 21-year-old engineering student and a 54-year-old postman, were killed and five others were injured in two separate road accidents in the city on Friday.In the first incident, Murugesan, a postman who was cycling to various houses delivering mail, was run over near the Karanodai Bridge in Red Hills by a lorry headed towards Andhra Pradesh. The incident occurred around 11.30am.Around 11.15pm, 17 third-year students of a city engineering college were going in a mini-bus to attend the marriage of their classmate's brother at Kallakurichi when a van coming from the opposite direction smashed into their vehicle near the Tirumullaivayol police station. While one of the students, Venkatachalapathi, and the mini-bus driver Rajaram died on the way to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, five students who suffered injuries were admitted to a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "11945300", "title": "27 booked in agri subsidy scam case", "text": "ARARIA: Yet another scam relating to embezzlement of the agriculture subsidies has burst on the scene in Araria district. Araria district agriculture officer (DAO) Nayeem Asharaf has lodged an FIR with Araria police station on Saturday against 27 persons including 'fake' beneficiaries as well as department officials.The 'fake' beneficiaries, in collusion with department officials, allegedly siphoned off huge subsidies given on the farm accessories and assets, according to the FIR. DAO Asharaf lodged the FIR on the basis of the probe report by a committee of material experts in the department. The experts also did not come across the so-called beneficiaries or the assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946231", "title": "\u2018Stop making teachers whipping boys of society\u2019", "text": "With over four decades in education, Prof Sydney Rebeiro has seen it all. The longest-serving member in the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan's board of governors says the conscientious, sensitive teacher is constantly under pressureAre teachers portrayed negatively?Teachers are not cruel and malicious as is often shown. Only the deviants are played up. There are three types of teachers. One is the disciplinarian, the old schoolmaster-type and largely a dying breed. Then there is the proactive teacher who wants to bring decorum and a sense of citizenship among students. But he hasn't been able to sustain that environment and his ilk is a middling percentage. For the third lot, teaching is just a job. This is the worrying lot.Are today's students different?Yes, they are far more grown-up and break rules with the active connivance of authorities. Many horror stories are killed within school campuses. When students are deviant and defiant, teachers go to the principal, who blames them instead. Parents are called and in front of them, the teachers are reprimanded.What do you think of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights code for teachers?This is a knee-jerk reaction and entirely misplaced. It shoves a set of edicts on the teacher. Rules won't help without the human touch. It's the teacher who counts, always shall and always will. If you devalue them, you will not get a proper human product - the child. Stop making teachers the whipping boys for the deviants of society.What is the solution?You cannot have a solution in pseudo-counselling which has become bread, butter and marmalade for some. Instead, we need educators who are strong in dealing with moral situations. We need to have a mentorship programme for students and teachers and guidelines to frame a policy for education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946192", "title": "Cornered in the class", "text": "We Need to Talk About Kevin, an Oscar-nominated film this year, is the chilling story of a child on a murder spree. The dark bit of news that recently came from one of our own schools, in Chennai, and the events that followed, have also mostly spoken about a student who knifed his Hindi teacher to death.From the pressure of performance - the Chennai class IX student of St Mary's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School, had two sisters who were apparently bright kids - to his being the quiet one and thus, not naturally capable of killing someone, everything was emphasized to tone down the enormity of the crime. He finally went to an observation home taking with him everyone's sympathies. What many glossed over in this tale of classroom horror was that Uma Maheswari, a wife and mother, a teacher just doing her job, had died.Are we missing something here? We need to talk about Uma. Gagged by rules, some of them unwritten and bordering on the ridiculous, and straining under the demands of a management that doesn't want to lose moneyed students to competition, is it the teacher who is being cornered? And that too by aggressive pupils who know they can fall back on a clutch of \"enablers\" to bully the ones with chalk and duster? Are they the unarmed in the battleground that today's classrooms have become? Even as we write this, reports have come in of two groups of students in an Amritsar school going at each other with pistols and hockey sticks. And will someone tell them how to deal with the stress? \"Teaching was something we enjoyed,\" says Radha Gupta, a teacher who taught for two decades in a reputed Delhi school. \"Not any more.\" Esther Stanley, who teaches in Chennai, once rapped on the desk with a ruler while calling for silence. A student promptly got up and said, \"Ma'am, you can't use the ruler.\" Stunned for a minute, Stanley blurted out something like: \"Yes, I can. The ruler can be used on the desk.\" She laughs over a welcome she got when she once joined a new school. A student cheekily asked her if she was the new biology teacher. \"Because if you are not, you are lucky. All our biology teachers left within a month.\" Thankfully, she was given English.At Chennai's St Mary's, teachers try many theories to rationalize the animosity articulated by their students. One reason, they say, is the kids being hooked to social networking sites and lacking real friends. \"Earlier, their aggression would be expended on the playing field,\" explains one of the teachers as another admits becoming a \"soft target\" for students.Many teachers, clearly on the retreat, also say that the B Ed course doesn't equip them for challenges students throw at them. Moreover, each child has unique problems and teachers have to tend to them accordingly, but it becomes difficult, bogged down as they are with the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation System, which has increased work 10-fold, and other \"clerical\" jobs. \"We are constantly battling deadlines with assignments, projects and tests,\" says Alice Koshy, a retired teacher from General Education Academy, Chembur. Managements ask teachers to take out time for the kids. \"But how,\" asks Gupta.There is another sword of Damocles hanging over their heads - the strict code of conduct drawn up by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights. Though the idea and aim are noble - teachers can't call a child names on the basis of skin colour, gender, religion and caste as this will invite disciplinary action, even sacking - some say it will be easy for students to twist even harmless things around and there will be no one to hear the teachers' side out. However, Prof Anita Rampal, head of the Central Institute of Education, Delhi University, says these guidelines are important as teachers routinely and across the board verbally abuse students. But not all agree (see 'Stop making teachers whipping boys of society').In these circumstances, teachers often adopt a hands-off policy. A St Mary's teacher said, \"After the ghastly killing, I find it difficult to even raise my voice at students. But if school grades fall, we will be the ones promptly blamed by the management.\" Teachers aren't allowed to check students' bags even if there is a theft in class lest they feel hurt and take an extreme step. Students, naturally, have a merry time and come with cellphones wrapped in plastic, either in their lunch boxes, socks or other private places, admit teachers.Then, there are parents ever ready to blame the teacher for the misdemeanors of their child or their bad grades. \"Parents throw their clout at us and say they're the ones paying the fees. The guru-shishya role has become that of a seller-consumer,\" rues Gupta. Managements of schools, too, are hard on teachers. \"Post-graduate teachers are arbitrarily demoted to lower classes. Our children aren't even guaranteed admission. The management is too busy being one-up on other schools. Who has time for us? Trust has eroded,\" says Gupta.But some schools have shown the way forward. A Delhi school gives teachers a day off when their own children have board exams, while another has energizing workshops for them - vital concerns if they are to percolate to the students and for a greater common good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943849", "title": "Mandakini pollution: HC notice to Centre, state", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) on Friday served notices on the Centre, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and others on a petition seeking a check on pollution in Satna district's holy Mandakini River.A division bench, comprising Justice Ajit Singh and Justice Sanjay Yadav also served notices on Madhya Pradesh government, MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB), Satna district collector and Chitrakoot Nagar Panchayat chief executive officer returnable within four weeks.Legend has it that Lord Ram had performed puja on the Mandakini River in exile (vanvas).In his public interest litigation (PIL), petitioner Nityanand Mishra has alleged that the water of the Mandakini River has turned turbid owing to the release of affluent into it. As a result, scores of devotees taking dip and consuming river water during rituals face health problems.He pleaded that the untreated water should first pass through sewage treatment plants before its release into the river.Besides, garbage also is being dumped into it, further affecting the water quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11950150", "title": "MNNIT faces financial crunch", "text": "ALLAHABAD: While the state's lone NIT, Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), is undergoing a major transformation in wake of new measures being introduced to upgrade the existing facilities, it is also plagued with some serious financial irregularities which have cropped up in the course of this new development. This is in the backdrop of the fact that the authorities concerned knowingly or unknowingly bypassed set norms to facilitate completion of new projects without examining the nitty gritty of financial and technical approval.Among the major works where the institute authorities faltered in adhering to the guidelines laid down by the government include the extension of existing boys hostel buildings with an initial cost of around Rs 3.30 crore. However with the passage of time, the total cost of the project escalated to around Rs 4.30 crore which means an additional one crore.Talking to TOI, a section of faculty members opined that as per existing rules the overall cost of any project should not exceed by 10 percent while on individual items it should not be by 30 percent.Moreover any such measure should be backed by the approval of finance committee and building works committee.Besides, no work orders were invited for the modified work.They added that another project which was implemented without following the set guidelines was the extension of Executive development Centre(EDC) and Dispensary where the total cost escalated by more than 80 percent given the fact that in the initial phase the cost of the project was fixed at Rs 2.50 crore which at the time of completion jumped to around Rs 3.50 crore.When the attention of Registrar, MNNIT, Sarvesh Tiwari was drawn on the issue he accepted that \"All the above works have the approval of the director but inadvertently the institute failed to undertake internal processing of the projects in the form of approval from the Finance and Building Works committee(BWC).But the whole issue is being re-examined and necessary steps are being taken to correct the anomaly\".He added that such anomalies have occurred owing to massive overhauling of the existing infrastructure facilities within shortest available time.the institute has made rapid strides by initiating academic reforms in the form of setting up of new Examination and Academic cell and introduction of new Undergraduate course Curriculum, framework, syllabus, undergraduate ordinance and post graduate ordinance\".Besides the institute also proposes to construct new classrooms, indoor sports complex, library building and other multi-storeyed buildings and has successfully organised the golden jubilee convocation and alumni conclave last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944999", "title": "Food street may soon see light", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a 20% increase in the base price of municipal corporation's prestigious 'food street' project, the civic body has finally received a tender to construct the project, which has been delayed over two years. The project is expected to be taken up soon now.SF construction was the only firm that proposed a tender. \"If we don't get any other tender by the fixed date, the only firm that has applied would be considered so that the construction starts soon\", said an MC official seeking anonymity.The cost of the food street project when the idea was conceived was Rs 17 lakh. It has crossed Rs 20 lakh now. Covering an area of over 3,600 square feet, the food street will have open sitting space and parking facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945563", "title": "All seized properties to be put under a custodian", "text": "JAIPUR: \"Our law reform committee has drafted a legislation which we have send it to the ACB on Friday. The provision in the draft will prevent the corrupt public servants form enjoying the fruits of their properties amassed through ill means,\" advocate general G S Bapna said.The property seized from such corrupt babus will be placed in the custody of an officer appointed as custodian by the state government.The Act authorizes the government to appoint the district magistrate concerned or any other officer not below the rank of a sub-divisional magistrate for the management of the immovable properties seized, till the final disposal of the case.The seized property will have to be used in public interest or in the manner as may be prescribed by the statutory body.Sources said chief minister Ashok Gehlot has a keen interest on the issue. However, the draft has to go through ACB, home and law departments before it is presented to the state cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946229", "title": "5-year backlog of VAT refund dues", "text": "KOLKATA: For the last five years, the state government has been unable to provide value-added tax (VAT) refund to the leather exporters in the state. The accumulated amount of VAT that the state government owes to the leather exporters stands at Rs 250-300 crore, Paresh Rajda, regional chairman, east, Council for Leather Exports (CLE) said on Saturday.\"The VAT refund in this state is pending for a very long time. After 2007-08 , hardly anybody has got a refund . The refund could have helped the industry people to plough back some money into their business. But despite repeated attempts we still don't have any assurance ,\" he said on the sidelines of 17International Leather Goods Fair. The fair is organized by the India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO) along with Indian Leather Products Association and CLE.The industry members will be meeting commercial taxes commissioner of the state, Binod Kumar on February 22.Rajda said that the industry members were looking forward to some kind of bankable document from the state government about their VAT refund, which they can use to avail loans from the banks.Talking about export of leather, the CLE regional chairman said that following the slump in the European market, which was the key export destination, exporters are now diversifying to countries like Japan and Korea. \"But in Japan and Korea, India is facing sharp competition from Chinese leather goods producers.\"The leather industry, which was so far predominantly city-centric is now penetrating into the tier II and tier III cities as well, he said.ITPO general manager Dalel Singh said it is important for the industry to do value-addition now so that it can catch up with the other exporters. ITPO had surplus fund of Rs 50 crore last year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945346", "title": "Kin of Gold Sukh director sent to 4-day police", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the arrest of parents of Gold Sukh director Manvendra Singh, the couple was sent to four day police custody.On Friday, a team of Jaipur police had arrested the couple identified as Than Singh Chouhan (66) and Prakashlata Chohan (62) from Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi. Both had major stakes in the company and had allegedly enjoyed profits of crores, police claimed.On Saturday, the couple was presented before a local court where police sought a remand for further investigation.\"The court has given us four-day custody of the couple. During investigation, we will try to find out their exact stake in the company. Than Singh had withdrawn about Rs 50 lakh from the accounts of Gold Sukh and had fled to Bangkok few days before the company was busted by police,\" said Karan Sharma, additional deputy commissioner of police (south).Sharma added that the couple was the first investors in the company and also the biggest beneficiaries in the fraudulent scheme. \"They withdrew huge amount of money within a period of six months and finally fled from Jaipur,\" Sharma said.Asked about the main points of interrogation, Sharma said, \"Than Singh is a retired Hindi teacher from Subodh Higher Secondary School who became the biggest stakeholder in the company. We have seized some of his accounts and have unearthed transactions of crores of rupees. Thus, his role and involvement of other members of Manvendra's family in the fraud would be probed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943525", "title": "New medical service manual for GMC in the works", "text": "BHOPAL: With a new medical service manual clearing defining work norms for doctors and nurses, it is likely to become easier to pinpoint service failure at the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and 3 attached hospitals. Currently, it is governed by the Central Provinces and Berar Medical Service manual of 1936.\"The manual would specify the roles and responsibilities and procedures in GMC and the hospitals,\" said Dean GMC Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava. \"A consultant would submit a first draft in about a week,\" he added. The issue came up for discussion at the autonomous governing body meeting of the GMC in the first fortnight of this month.Hospital authorities said the medical manual would specify details of timings for outpatient services and admission, ward management, accidents and emergency (casualty) services, bio-medical waste management and information and communication system among others.Also, it would serve as a useful referral source for the various departments' faculty, resident doctors, nurses and other staff members both directly and indirectly related with patient care in a multi-disciplinary setting.\"Given the wide range of services available in the GMC and its associated hospitals, it is not an easy task to cover all aspects useful from users' point of view in a single source of information,\" said Dr Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944143", "title": "Cops dole out safety tips to senior citizens", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior citizens in the city are a harried lot. They become the obvious targets for duping by fake police and also chain snatchings. In 70 per cent of these incidents, the victims are in the age group of 60 and above. The recent incidents of thefts and robbery attempts have added to the woes of these citizens, especially those who are living alone.Thus, the city police decided to reach out to them and promise them all the help possible. A team of city police officials in Sector I led by Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, met around 100 senior citizens at Naranpura on Saturday. Police officials offered them safety tips whereas citizens presented their queries and questions to police.\"It was an informative session both for police and public. We are aware that the senior citizens become easy targets and thus decided to interact with them directly,\" said Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949084", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "February 15, Week 38Valentine's Day fever has come and gone. And thank god for that.I was sick of seeing heart-shaped things everywhere - on clothes, jewellery, store windows, heck, even in desserts... I could go on. And the colour red. Blah! I was on the verge of locking myself at home just so that I wouldn't have to meet one more person who asked me about my V-Day plans. I had even stopped reading the papers and magazines a week before the gush-fest. While some were suggesting ways to make this Valentine's Day special, others were tempting me with the perfect place to dine at, or the dream vacation destination to run to!The last straw? When my friend offered me heartshaped mouth freshener. Really, now! What next? People with heartshaped heads? I find this show of love depressing. I abhor the idea that love has to be celebrated on one particular day, or in a particular manner. It all seems so fake to me. Am I cynical? I don't think so. I think any halfway intelligent person will hate anything that is so commercial. Seems like a farce. A Hallmark festival. To be fair, I didn't always feel this way. As a teenager, when I didn't have someone who'd gift me red roses on February 14, I'd weep my heart out. Now, of course, I am allergic to the 'L' word. I prefer the other 'L' word. L-u-s-t... it's more pure, isn't it? Let me explain.When a guy says he loves you, it could mean anything. In my experience, he could be trying to get into your pants, get into your good books or be a social climber looking for a way to get into your world. But lust is lust. What you see is what you get. It doesn't disguise itself to make it acceptable. It is a pure, unadulterated and can't be faked. Unlike love. And lust has never broken any hearts. It has no side effects. Except joy. So, my man was adequately warned to be himself and not treat me any special on this V-Day. But when the doorbell rang that morning, I was delivered a bouquet of pink roses. The accompanying hand-written note said, \"Please accept my pink roses. It is the colour of friendship. And I know, no matter what, we shall always remain friends. Love you, buddy, and lust for you till my grave\". Ah! I believe I may have found the perfect man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945926", "title": "I have given up my life for Priyanka, says Robert Vadra", "text": "Forget the biceps, Robert Vadra says he is actually made of steel. The very tough job of being son-in-law to India's most famous political family apart, he tells Parakram Rautela that he has what it takes to be a neta as he's a quick learner, politics is in Priyanka's blood and he happens to be married to herWhy, suddenly - you've been married into India's first family of politics for 15 years now - do you want to join politics ?I've been asked that question for 10 years. If I'd wanted to join politics, it would have been easy. I suppose I don't really know how to answer that question. If I say no, I don't want to join politics, people will say, \"Oh, that's why Priyanka isn't joining politics.\" If I say yes, people will say, \"Oh, he's here to build a base for himself.\"What makes you think you would make agood politician?I'm married into India's first family of politics. What do you think we talk about? I'm a good learner. Like business is in my blood, politics is in Priyanka's , and we're married.A recent newspaper article had an analyst say about you - \"He (that's you) doesn't have the political qualities needed . And you rarely see him smiling... \"I smile at the people I want to smile at. Not when the media's around.You violated the EC's code of conduct -the number of motorcycles in your rally was greater than 10, the maximum number allowed - with the first political rally that you took out.I'm not a politician. And knowing the number of motorcycles allowed in a rally is the job of the people planning the rally.The Congress party has not been very encouraging of your political ambitions . Why?I don't really understand this taboo about me joining politics. If I do join politics, it will be with my family's consent. It will be planned. Then I suppose, people will have to accept it.Priyanka contradicted what you said. She said you were a businessman - and happy doing that - not a politician.I was very clear about what I said. If the people want, I will join politics. I might have the talent needed but if the people think I can make a difference, then I will join politics ...Are you able to answer questions honestly or are you always worried somebody will misinterpret your answers?If you asked me about my business, the answers would come quicker. When it comes to politics, I have a responsibility to the family I'm married into.Is the popular perception about you not completely correct.?The negatives sell more than the positives. I've had one nice paragraph written about me - when I put somebody who'd been in an accident into my car and took him to hospital - in 15 years of being married to Priyanka.Which popular perception would you like to change?Nothing I say is premeditated. I am very determined, be it business or my fitness. I've lost 20 kg in five years. And in this much time, if I'd wanted to, I could have become a big celebrity. It's been a fight to stay normal.How difficult has it been for you to be married into India's most famous political family?Over time, I have understood my role in this family. The before- and after-I-met-Priyanka versions of me are the same. My friends are all my old friends. I go to a nightclub with them and I ask them, \"How are we going to get in?\" Then they look at me strangely. Yes, I took out public notices against my father and my brother, and that's not normal...The public notices said your father and brother should be given no favours. Your father claimed to have disowned you when you married Priyanka.My sister was never connected to the notices . It is not easy to be consistently determined to not use the good offices of my family. But there are people who do not relent . They think a favour is only a phone call away. One way of stopping that was to take out the notices, saying my father and brother were to be given no favours.Your father committed suicide, some years after your brother committed suicide . Your sister died in an accident. Did you never think of lowering the bar for your own family?I gave up my life for Priyanka, fighting every day to not be a celebrity . The way things worked out, it did trouble me. But I wish the family had been as strong as me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945101", "title": "Former NCP general secretary Prabhu Moni joins BJP", "text": "PANAJI: Former NCP state general secretary Venkatesh Prabhu Moni on Saturday joined the BJP and promised to work for the success of the BJP Porvorim candidate Govind Parvatkar and for the overall electoral success of the BJP in Goa.Prabhu, who was denied the NCP ticket for Porvorim in favour of the NCP Mahila president Fermeena Khaunte, joined the BJP along with Ponda independent candidate, Ketan Bhatikar.Welcoming both into the BJP, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar claimed that many independent candidates, like Bhatikar, had withdrawn from the electoral race in favour of the BJP.Addressing the media, Moni said, \"there is no nationalism left in the NCP, only the Congress and so, I have joined the BJP. I will mobilize all my supporters to work for the BJP candidate Govind Parvatkar and for other BJP candidates in Goa.\"Moni said he was originally a BJP member and even a polling agent for a BJP candidate during the 1989 assembly elections. My entry into the BJP is like a homecoming, Moni said.Ketan Bhatikar, young physiotherapist from Ponda, said he withdrew from the elections after 'Sir' (Manohar Parrikar) spoke to him. \"I realized how ignorant I was of politics and how Sir was a complete book of politics,\" Bhatikar said, adding that he will now work for the BJP and not allow politics to come in the way of development.Referring to the BJP-Shiv Sena victory in the Brihanmumbai municipal elections, Parrikar said it is a good sign which signals the waterloo of the Congress in Goa. Parrikar said the Congress candidates list clearly shows that five Mafia families are fielding 12 candidates and further supporting another seven \"satellite candidates\", making it 19 candidates by five Congress families.Parrikar said this is an attempt to ensure that the \"loot\" of Goa is controlled by the five Mafia families. Parrikar expressed confidence that Goans will maintain democracy in Goa and send these families home.Parrikar announced that the BJP will release its election manifesto on Sunday afternoon at the hands of national general secretary Ravi Shankar Prasad.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944596", "title": "Nalsarovar\u2019s loss is others\u2019 gain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What may seem like a bane of Nalsarovar this year, has proved to be a boon for other water bodies nearby. Forest officials after recording dismally low numbers have turned their binoculars to other lakes and ponds. The effort has paid off. \"We decided to look for the birds in the nearby lakes and ponds, and found that there was large number of birds in Bhaskarpura and Vadla sites which are near Nalsarovar.These birds were counted and their number was around 50,000,\" said a forest officer. He further said that even flamingos and pelicans were spotted there more than in Nalsarovar. The officials said they will include these birds in their count of Nalsarovar. In nearby areas, where water has accumulated, it turned to be suitable for migratory birds. Several village ponds have migratory birds coming in large number. For example a small pond outside the city in Charal village and especially near Nalsarovar saw a large presence of migratory birds, which includes coots and painted storks.Several small ponds in villages are also full of these migratory birds. Senior officer said that there should be some control on the inflow of water in the lake in case of excess rainfall. For past few years, it has been noticed that water level was either too low or too high. They attribute the inconsistent water level in lake to the development around Sanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948203", "title": "Kollywood cries wolf", "text": "Are over-zealous industry insiders generating rumours to be in the news, CT asksInitially, there were rumours going around that Priyanka Chopra (PC) had been approached for A R Murugadoss's Thuppaki starring Ilayathalapathy Vijay. Some media reports even mentioned that she had met Murugadoss on a movie set.However, the director clarified to CT that no such thing happened and he wasn't sure where these stories generated. And PC said that she had not been approached but would love to act with Vijay again.Then there were talks of Sonam Kapoor being approached for the same Vijay film, Viswaroopam, Mani Ratnam's Kadal and now, the Venkat Prabhu-Suriya film. Sonam, however, said that she not been approached by any Tamil filmmaker.Then comes the curious case of Katrina Kaif. She was also supposedly approached by many from Kollywood and had even nearly signed Kamal Haasan's new project which was being touted as the most expensive Tamil film ever. Her shocked manager told us that no one had approached them and she has absolutely no dates either.This raises the pertinent question - are producers, directors and filmmakers themselves generating such rumours or is it their over-zealous PR liaisons doing this to secure print space? Another angle is whether by generating such stories, they hope these top Bollywood actresses would take notice and come rushing to sign on these films.But such tactics are also apparently employed by actors who want to stay in the limelight - one day, they give a story to one media house and the next day deny the story in another. According to an industry source, who wished to remain anonymous, there are numerous people in Kollywood who allegedly use such tactics.While some, like a producer for instance, uses it apparently to raise money for his film, others, like an actor, uses it supposedly for extensive coverage - and every month there's a new spin! However, the downside of employing such tactics is that it becomes a story of crying wolf. While some people end up being termed 'publicityhungry', others lose their credibility in the bargain. And Bollywood may just end up not trusting us!THE CAST FACTOR THUPAKKI: Rumoured to be Priyanka Chopra - Role went to Kajal Aggarwal KADAL: Rumoured to be Sonam Kapoor - Role went to Samantha VISWAROOPAM: Rumoured to be Vidya Balan , Sonam Kapoor, Katrina Kaif - Role went to Pooja Kumar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "11945319", "title": "FIR lodged against 66 ANM aspirants", "text": "KISHANGANJ: As many as 66 candidates seeking auxiliary nurse and midwife (ANM) contracts are now hot soup. Kishanganj Civil Surgeon (CS) has ordered for lodging of FIRs against 66 candidates who allegedly got themselves registered for the contractual jobs through forged documents and certificates in Kishanganj district.Altogether, 432 candidates were called for phase-wise counselling for their absorption as ANMs on contract basis during the last one year. The counselling was done every Monday, official sources said. However, verification of documents and certificates sprang a big surprise. As many as 66 aspirants had managed to get themselves registered for the contractual jobs through forged documents and certificates, sources said. Civil Surgeon Dr I D Ranjan on Saturday said that he has ordered for lodging the FIRs because it would send a strong message. The candidates, trying to secure contractual jobs through forged documents, would henceforth be deterred, he added. In course of verification of documents, it was also found that 22 candidates had not furnished the full details and documents. They were naturally rejected, the CS added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945811", "title": "HC directive on handwriting experts on Nashik woman's complaint", "text": "The Bombay High Court has directed the state government to take concrete steps to address the paucity of official handwriting experts saying it is affecting thousands of cases. A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode gave the directions while hearing a petition filed by 55-year-old Nirmala Gogad from Manmad in Nashik stating that the Manmad police have filed application before the junior magistrate first class to temporarily close the case as the handwriting expert's report is awaited.Additional public prosecutor Ajay Gadkari told the court that there is a shortage of handwriting experts. \"We need help of handwriting experts,\" said Gadkari.Gogad's advocate Aniket Nikam argued that the complaint was filed in 2007 and added that it is \"an attempt to put the matter in cold storage\". But Justice Kode riposted, \"Without the report, we cannot concretely say there was an offence committed.\"The judges observed that paucity of handwriting experts is a perennial problem. \"There is a paucity of experts. It is a serious problem. The problem is not restricted to your case. There are barely three-four experts in Mumbai only and one can imagine the situation all over Maharashtra,\" said Justice Kanade.Justice Kanade told Gadkari, Find out from the expert what is the delay. He has to only give opinion about one signature of the complainant and the accused.\" Gadkari also said he will speak to the principal secretary, home department, to communicate the need to take a decision for appointment of handwriting experts.Gogad had filed complaint against 10 persons of the Nashik Merchant Cooperative Bank Limited, including her brother-in-law Chandrakant Gogad, on May 25, 2007 in the junior magistrate first class court. The police was directed to carry out investigation within six weeks and submit a report. Thereafter the court even issued showcause notices to the investigation officer to complete the probe and submit a report.Gogad's petition said after her husband's death in April 1998, Chandrakant, who is the director of the Nashik District Central Cooperative Bank, used to handle her bank transactions and fraudulently obtained her signature with regard to revenue documents in respect of various immovable properties. The bank avoided answering her queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11945971", "title": "Youths start shopping for summer fashion", "text": "RANCHI: Spring-summer fashion is already keeping shoppers busy though winter is yet to take its final bow here. Ranchi may be far behind India's fashion capital, Mumbai, or even Delhi, but youngsters are definitely making a statement with their splurge on trendy branded clothes and accessories.Leggings of block and newspaper prints, minis and micro minis, shrugs, shorts and waistcoats are on the racks of every shop. S K Mohta, owner of a clothes store, said, \"It is all about looking bright. Yellow, bright pink and orange are the most preferred hues. Printed leggings are a must for every wardrobe just as shorts and minis are the rage. Chic shrugs are doing the rounds as they provide protection from sun burns and are better than gloves.\"Young girls are ready to doll up for college this summer. Kanika, a student of XISS, said, \"This summer is about looking good and not glamorous. Bright colours, cartoon prints and big and funky hair clips are hot this season.\" Girls have already started shopping and re-arranging their summer wardrobes. Shruti, a student of Women's College, said, \"I have started shopping for summer as it will not be possible for me to buy all the clothes together. My style statement is short skirts with leggings and broad belts.\"Hosiery, cotton and denim are cool fabrics this year. Rajiv, a shopkeeper, said, \"Not just bottoms but even tops are available in * denim. Waist coats are now becoming a part of casual wear instead of formals. Girls are demanding denim waist coats this season to team them up with plain white well fitting T-shirts.\" Summer does not mean night-outs are out. Partywears are also peeping out of shoppers' baskets. Halter neck dresses, off-shoulder or one shoulder dresses above the knee are most popular. Sameera, a student of BIT extension, said, \"One should always look glamorous at night.Short, halter neck dresses teamed with a pair of stilettos is a perfect head-turner.\" Shoes are essential components of the summer look. Multi-coloured flipflops and mojris are being picked up in large numbers. \"Summer means sweat. Flip-flops are most convenient as they allow the feet to breath,\" said Maahi, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946073", "title": "Banned in class but rod is still in use", "text": "Corporal punishment is passe , claim most schools. However , parents and cops do not agree. The primitive practice - banned by Delhi High Court over a decade ago - still finds resonance among a section of teachers . The problem is that teachers, rooted in archaic ideologies, refuse to let go of control in the name of discipline, feel experts.Cut to 2007. A 19-year-old teacher at a school in Mohan Nagar allegedly stripped a six-yearold nursery student and made her stand on a desk for not doing her homework. Often, the gravity of such cases comes to the fore only after a media frenzy, much like in the Shanno Khatun case in 2009. Shanno, an 11-year-old allegedly died after being forced to stand in the sun for hours at an MCD school. In the past five years, 13 such instances have been reported to the police. Cops say that in such cases it is difficult to gather evidence because children -the sole eyewitnesses - are easily intimidated .But there has been a transition in the way parents react to such matters. \"Though hardly any cases are registered - parents back out fearing that the child's future may be jeopardized - we have become more pro-actively involved in settling issues involving teachers ,\" said a police officer.Experts say that sparing the rod is not enough. Teachers must develop a strong bond with every child in the classroom. But teachers say it's a challenge no training institute ever prepares them for. Prohibited from slapping, spanking or caning children, teachers feel powerless. At times, they even face opposition from parents for scolding kids. Teachers say they cannot get anywhere unless parents cooperate with them. After all, bringing up a child is a collaborative effort.Teachers feel that it is wrong on the part of authorities to single them out every time they try to discipline a child. \"Often parents question our authority to be strict with their child when 'corporal punishment' is banned. It's difficult to assure them that we mean no harm,\" says a teacher from a west Delhi school. Schools claim they have been largely successful in implementing the ban on corporal punishment with clear instructions issued to teachers. National Progressive Schools Conference organizes workshops suggesting alternative ways of controlling indiscipline.But parents feel otherwise. Mira Sabharwal, a parent, recalls an incident when her son was bullied by fellow students but the teacher refused to listen to him. \"She scolded my son for behaving like a victim and snubbed us when we intervened,\" Sabharwal said.Ashok Pandey, principal, Ahlcon International School, suggests a collaborative approach between parents and teachers in such a situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945351", "title": "Want to lose weight? Use a talking plate", "text": "The new weapon in the war against fat is a 'talking plate' , which tells you to slow down if you're eating too quickly. This may seem slightly crazy but there's plenty of research that shows people who gobble their food tend to put on more weight than those who give each mouthful the traditional 32 chews.When researchers in Japan investigated the eating habits of 3,000 people, they found that men who wolfed down their food were a staggering 84% more likely to be overweight.The reason for this is very simple. It takes the stomach nearly 30 minutes to tell the brain that it's getting full of food. So in half an hour of fast eating, it's possible to consume enormous numbers of calories without the brain actually being aware of it.We all have a hormone called ghrelin, which is an appetite stimulant and is produced when the stomach is empty. It switches off when your tummy fills up with food.The travel time of this chemical to the brain is about half an hour and it's that long before the brain realises you've overeaten. It's obvious that a fast eater can get through many more calories than a slow eater in that time. Made in Sweden, the talking plate costs around \u00a31,500 and consists of two parts, a scale that sits under the plate and a small computer screen.The screen displays a red line indicating the speed at which you're eating and a blue line for comparison, showing the healthy eating rate. If the lines separate too much the machine will tell you to slow down.The talking plate is going to be tested by Bristol University on 600 families in which one adult and one child is clinically obese.And the signs so far are good. In previous trials, adolescents who used the plate ate between a sixth and an eighth less per meal and were still eating less six months after using the talking plate.So it can encourage good eating habits in the long term - and that's so important in the battle against obesity.Courtsey: Daily Mirror", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10006271", "title": "5 Sex secrets every woman must know", "text": "Here are five sex secrets that may help you understand and get even closer to your guy...Men are full of surprises and bedroom behaviour is no exception. While it's impossible to explain all male behaviours, here are five sex secrets that may help you understand and get even closer to your guy.He's nurses the fear that he'll let you down  Men feel tremendous pressure to perform sexually. While women aren't waiting for marriage to have sex, and that means they are far more relaxed in the bedroom. Sexually satisfied role models, like Madonna and the 'Sex and the City' sirens, encourage urban women to be open about their sexual desires and complaints. These liberated women to cause some trouble for their male partners. Suddenly, the pressure to perform is on, and he can't help but feel like he has to please you. Even though you may not be so bothered about his performance and you might forgive him for a few poor performances, he has a hard time forgiving himself. It's really tough on him.Warning:  If your man has a recurring problem of performance, he may start to blame you to protect his ego. Be prepared to handle this situation.What you can do:  Don't take it personally or, worse, insult him. And never laugh! Just pretend that it is no great deal for you.Men need validation to get their groove on  Sex is a source of power from ages, and it gives proof that one is masculine. To a man, having sex means that he can move a woman, that he's energetic, a provider and a lover. Basically, your guy wants to be a superhero, and he certainly wants you to see him in that light. When he satisfies you sexually, he feels like superman. If you're enjoying yourself, let him know that. He'll love you for your compliments.Warning  No encouragement means no fun. Whether you are enjoying yourself or not, just be encouraging.What you can do  A good rule of thumb: Don't fake it but don't fight it. Just look happy and satisfied and that would make your man feel super.Men don't like waiting too long  Women should never hold out to have sex simply because of the so called rules of dating. He is more likely to commit if there is a sexual component to the relationship, and it is important for him to know that you find him sexually desirable.Warning  If your guy is offended when you initiate sex, get rid of him.What you can do  We're all sensual beings; we might as well be who we are. So don't be afraid to make a move.Men too are conscious about their bodies  Let's face it: Men may not worry about weight nearly as much as women do, but they do have their own image issues.Warning  Most men are quite concerned about their general physical condition, height and baldness. In other words, they are hoping for mood lighting in the bedroom just as much as women are.What you can do  Help your man by telling him that you find him attractive and showing him affection.Most men will not forgive a cheating girlfriend  Men who have been betrayed, especially in the bedroom, are far less likely to forgive their partners than women in the same situation.Warning  Men want loyalty at all cost.What you can do  Show your loyalty not only by remaining faithful when in a committed relationship, but also by supporting your man in front of colleagues and friends and defending him when necessary. This allegiance will make your man more secure and will give him the motivation to let loose in the bedroom with you. Men want commitment just as much as women do; they just want it packaged differently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945158", "title": "Goondas Act: Govt record poor, liberal use to blame", "text": "CHENNAI: Once the most feared provision, detention under the Goondas Act has now been reduced to a mockery, with just about seven per cent of the detainees serving out the full detention period of one year.During the past 13 months, beginning January 2011, Tamil Nadu witnessed a total of 1,926 detentions under the Tamil Nadu Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug-offenders, Forest-offenders, Goondas, Immoral Traffic Offenders, Slum-grabbers and Video Pirates Act (popularly called 'Goondas Act'). Of them, just 146 people actually completed the whole one year in detention.\"While 1,291 people were released as per the orders of the high court or the Supreme Court, 489 walked out due to the intervention of the statutory advisory board headed by a retired judge of the high court,\" a source in the high court told The Times of India. \"Not all detention orders of the 146 persons, who completed their one-year term in prison, were upheld by court/board. Many of them simply spent the whole term in jails, without questioning the detentions,\" he said.Interestingly, 76 women too had been detained under the act during the period, and the detentions of all but one woman were quashed by the court/board. \"The only woman, housed at the special prison for women at Vellore, spent the full period because she could not afford to hire the services of a lawyer,\" the source said.Commenting on the abysmally low confirmation rate of preventive detentions, a former prosecutor said that indiscriminate and ill-prepared detentions will dilute the deterrence value of the provision.\"Preventive detentions too should not become just another routine penal provision, which could be easily challenged and quashed. Though personal liberty is one of the most precious of all fundamental rights in the Constitution, authorities have been empowered to invoke a preventive detention provision only because the framers of the Constitution expected the detaining as well as the sponsoring authorities to use the provision sparingly and judiciously,\" said a jurist.The fact that 146 persons languished in jail because many of them could not engage a lawyer to represent them in court is sad, because it reflects the failure of our free legal aid scheme, said a lawyer-activist. \"Usually, requests of indigent detainees are forwarded to the High Court Legal Services Committee, which shall nominate a lawyer. In most cases, even after nomination letters are issued, these lawyers never visit jails and meet the detainees concerned,\" he said.For instance, the committee nominated a lawyer to represent Vinayagam of Puzhal prison in August 2011. Till date, the detainee has not seen his lawyer. As he was detained in July 2011, in a couple of months his detention period itself will end, said the lawyer.\"Already our conviction rate in criminal cases is very low. The preventive detention orders cannot be allowed to get quashed at this speed,\" said a former judge, adding: \"While the detentions are publicised by the authorities, not even a whisper is made whenever they are quashed. Police flaunt detentions only for statistical purposes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949352", "title": "\u2018Sachin is a hero... Dhoni is flashy\u2019", "text": "While Team India was getting walloped in Australia, comedians from Down Under were in Kolkata shooting a film about a team that wins friends but loses matches. Priyanka Dasgupta spent an afternoon on set.Cricket and India are linked, not just for the country's 1.22 billion, but visitors too. On his last visit to India, Australian actor Damon Gameau travelled from the Kumbh Mela in Haridwar to Chennai by bus and train before finally hopping into a cab to make it to the MA Chidambaram stadium. India was playing Australia, and Gameau and his buddy were the only Australians in the stands. With India losing, they ended up being the soul duo among thousands, cheering the winners hoarse.Years later, Gameau, who has acted in The Tracker, and US series How I Met Your Mother , was back again, thanks to cricket. Playing the lead in Boyd Hicklin's cricket comedy, Save Your Legs!, Gameau is at the centre of a D-grade cricket team that takes off on an audacious tour of India, winning friends along the way but losing matches. On a mellow afternoon at Vivekananda Park in South Kolkata, Gameau and co-actors Brendan Cowell and Stephen Curry break for lunch over willow talk. The Symonds-Harbhajan monkeygate wound has healed. Racial comments are \"disgusting\", and for Curry, a Sachin Tendulkar fan, the greatest kick is to play a character who is a Sachin fan too. \"Sachin is a big hero for us. I was so disappointed when he didn't bag his 100th Test hundred. Dhoni is flashy, but a good 20-20 player,\" says Curry, a popular comedian back home. At a distance stands Gameau, listening to a local band play a tune that's a suspicious off-key version of Kolaveri Di , although it's meant to dish out a sports anthem.The music grows louder. Director Hicklin is happy that the band has finally got the tune right, and signals Indian line producer, Pravesh Sahni, to ensure the cast has padded up again. Cowell has some advice for the boys in blue: \"Look at how Michael Clarke had to rebuild the side after Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath left. Kohli and Ashwin are the Indian players of the future. Pitching for the right balance between experience and youth will get Team India back in form.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945817", "title": "EC notice to Beni Prasad on Muslim quota remarks", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the Election Commission sent a notice on Saturday to minister for steel Beni Prasad Verma for violating the model code of conduct, the minister said he did not remember his remarks on reservation for minorities or the context in which he had been speaking.\"I respect the EC ... but I don't remember what I said, in what context, as I have been attending four-five meetings per day for past many months,\" agency reports quoted Verma telling a TV channel. The EC has taken note of his mimicking law minister Salman Khurshid's \"dare\" that he would press for sub-quotas for minorities within backward caste reservations . Earlier this week, Khurshid had to apologise to the poll watchdog.After examining video recordings of Verma's election meeting at Kayamganj on February 15, the EC is \"prima facie satisfied\" that he violated the code of poll conduct \"deliberately \" and \"wilfully\" . It now remains to be seen how it will view the minister's bout of partial amnesia.The EC asked Verma to explain by Monday evening why action should not be taken against him.Congress spokesman Abhishek Manu Singhvi, who represented Khurshid at EC hearings, said, \"I will advise him (Verma) on the notice.\" BJP leader Arun Jaitley said, \"UPA leaders are violating the model code of conduct in a planned manner.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11944936", "title": "Liquor to cost 10-15% more from April 1 in Haryana", "text": "GURGAON: Setting a target of Rs 3,000 crore as revenue from taxes on alcohol, the Haryana government on Saturday unveiled its excise policy for financial year 2012-13. While the prices of liquor will go up by 10-15% from April 1, there is some good news for those who go to licensed bars for drinking.The rate of value added tax (VAT) on bars will come down to 15% from 25%. Similarly, the licence fee for 'wine bars' has been reduced significantly to Rs 10,000 from Rs 1 lakh per annum.This appears to be an attempt to promote drinking at licensed bars.The excise revenue has touched an all-time high in Haryana. \"Increase in revenue is mainly due to decartelization of vends and the liquor contractors. We have taken a number of steps to bring about transparency in allotment of vends and monitoring of licensees,\" said Kiran Choudhary, excise and taxation minister.While the excise duty on both country liquor and Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) has been increased, the duty on beer and wine, being low-alcohol content drink, has been left unchanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944660", "title": "NCP workers resort to violence at Dhankawdi", "text": "PUNE: Tension gripped Katraj after irate NCP activists closed down a school, shops, staged a 'rasta roko' agitation and ransacked the Dhankawdi ward office on Saturday, irked by the defeat of NCP candidate Ajit Babar in the civic polls. Babar was defeated by MNS candidate Vasant More in panel number 76 on Friday. Senior police inspector Nagnath Wakude of the Bhartiya Vidhyapeeth police station told TOI that the part workers started protesting by saying that the elections had not been free and fair, and demanded that the assistant returning officer conduct the elections again.According to Wakude, the activists terrorised students of More Vidyalaya in Katraj village and forced officials to close down the school. \"They also forced 15 to 20 shops to close down and staged a 'rasta roko' agitation at Katraj chowk,\" he said. The activists allegedly ransacked the Dhankawdi ward office and damaged cabins, computers and notice boards. They also damaged the windscreens of two private vehicles parked outside the ward office and fled, police said.Acomplaint has been registered against Ajit Babar, Ramesh Babar, Lokesh Tondare, Amar Renuse, Chaya Khandare, Balasaheb Khandare, Shivaji Biramane and around 250 others under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code, Criminal Law Amendment, Damage to Public Property Act and Bombay Police Act. Tondare was later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11946464", "title": "It's raining freebies on Srirangam residents", "text": "TRICHY: Despite the power crisis, the district administration distributed freebies such as fans, mixers and grinders to people.As a part of the drive, the minister for school education and youth welfare NR Sivapathy distributed the freebies to 2,002 families in five villages in Srirangam constituency. Besides, he gave away free bicycles to 350 students studying in three schools in the constituency.The team of officials including district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, MP P Kumar, MLAs M Paranjothi and R Manoharan accompanied the minister to distribute the freebies to five villages Thirumalai Chatram, Kozhukkattaikudi, Mudikandam, Thorakudi and Kilikoodu. Though they accepted the freebies, some residents lamented about the present power crisis and wondered how they would use the electrical goods without power supply.When contacted, Arjunan, an officer of special implantation schemes, told TOI that as of now over 23,000 sets of freebies containing fans, mixers, grinders were distributed to the people in all constituencies in Trichy district as per the government order. They declined to comment on the electricity problem.Meanwhile, Sivapathy also gave away free bicycles to 350 students studying in St Patrict school in Alundhur, RC School in Ammapettai and the government higher secondary school in Inam Kulathur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11945459", "title": "Only two Great Indian Bustards alive in Ajmer, reveals survey", "text": "AJMER: Recent census in the Sokhliya region of the district put the forest department in shock as only two Great Indian Bustards(GIB) still remain in the area which is the natural habitat of this bird. Bustard, a state bird, is found only in India and Sokhliya is its native place.Opening the area for mining activities made the bird abandon the region, whose number here was estimated as 72 in 1990. The number then started declining and it fell to 24 in 2004. The recently concluded census on Friday spotted just two birds here. \"Barely two birds were seen during the census and we are preparing the report,\" said Sudhir Jain, divisional forest officer.\"Our men found only two Godawan at around 6 PM on Wednesday,\" added Jain DFO, Ajmer region.The grassland of Sokhliya region kept the bird here, \"They fed on grains in nearby farmhouses and were able to survive. There was a time when large numbers of birds were seen in this area,\" said Mahendra Vikram Singh, president of Bird Conservation Society.There was a time when Arabs and Mughals used to come to Sokhliya for hunting this bird. \"Sokhliya is the natural habitat of these birds and they even stay here in the breeding season,\" added Singh. Just twenty years ago, some of the birds were spotted near Pune and some near Kota and most of them were seen in Sokhliya region of Ajmer.Since last twenty years, about 85 leases have been given to mining companies in this region, most of which are operating illegally. \"They use dynamite and explosives for blasting mines frequently. This is possibly the reason for their disappearance,\" said Bhola Rawat, former Sarpanch of a nearby village. The grasslands in 76 villages of Sokhliya are turning into deserts with debris of illegal mining.Looking to the plummeting number of these birds, four years ago, forest department made a proposal to make the area a reserve forest so as to put an end to mining and other construction activities. \"We had sent the proposal to BJP government but it was turned down,\" a retired forest official said.The mining lobby became active at that time and forced the government to turn the proposal down. \"About one thousand families are employed in the industry and it also gives revenue to the state government,\" said Radha Vallabh Maheshwari, president of Mewara state mining and merchant association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11945671", "title": "Counting day sees few clashes", "text": "MUMBAI: Counting day went off peacefully except minor incidents of infighting among party workers. Five minor criminal cases were registered on Friday.The first incident was reported at Kannamwar Nagar in Vikhroli after Shiv Sena's candidate Shradha Rukhe lost to Shrungare Priyanka (MNS). Youths of both groups hurled stones at each other until the cops intervened. Keshav alias Charu Govande and Harishchandra Anand Palande , have been admitted to the local hospital with multiple injuries.NCP candidate Asma Shaikh's followers gathered near Amar Nagar co-operative housing society on Sion-Trombay Road and hurled stones at rival party workers.In Kurar, the houses of two MNS workers were set afire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948335", "title": "Sajid-Wajid: The wanted brothers", "text": "With his face plunged into his still resonating guitar, 18-year-old Wajid Khan was oblivious to the mild ruckus that had erupted in the recording session. As the 150-odd fellow musicians fell silent, Wajid heard music director Shravan, sitting next to Nadeem on the console, ask, \"Maine poochha, kisne galat guitar bajaaya?\" As one of the guitarists pointed at Wajid, an irate Shravan pulled him up. \"It wasn't me sir,\" Wajid protested. An unrelenting Shravan asked him to stop arguing, as he had \"lots left to learn\".Feeling an impulse to soar, Wajid wasn't ready to creep. Averting pointed stares, in one motion he stood up, packed his guitar and stormed out of the studio. That walk-out became what the brothers call their \"trigger point\" to team up. Sajid, 39, says, \"I've been very protective of Wajid. That night, he was upset. After consoling him, I asked him, 'How about we become music directors?' It was as if God was listening in for we soon got our break.\"Their script to success isn't devoid of a diligently planned musical upbringing. Growing up in a musical family meant soaking in taals and raagas round the clock. \"Our father, Ustad Sharafat Ali Khan an ace tabla player of the Kirana gharana, would practice for hours at our Grant Road home. Also, he would be busy playing for ghazals, qawwalis, classical or film recordings,\" Wajid says. While Sajid took up the tabla, Wajid, who dreamt of being a cricketer, immersed himself in guitar after his father gifted him one in class six.\"Back then, I would think that our father behaved like Hitler,\" says Sajid. \"He wouldn't let us play too much or go out. His rule was: No practice, no lunch. I have seen Wajid practice all night, with his guitar muted with a cloth. I had to start playing tabla in the wee hours of the morning. If my father woke up and didn't hear me play, I would be in for trouble. For three years, when he was in college, Wajid would go abroad to perform in ghazal or film music shows. Today, when we have achieved so much, we realise how all that has helped us.\"From going on a two-year tour across the country's mazhars and dargahs to learn about Sufi music to learning Maharashtrian and North Indian folk music, Sajid-Wajid have trained their ears and instincts in versatility. Their father's heart operation and serendipity had it that the duo would soon dive into music direction. \"We first got to do an album that never saw the light of day. But thanks to that opportunity, we could show our work to people. At the turn of 1996, Sohail Khan approached us to score for Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna Kya and we took off.\"Sajid's excessively colourful attire faithfully mirrors his over-the-top, filmi-flavoured personality, while Wajid, two years younger, is more subdued. \"Music can't be learnt. You either have it in you or you don't,\" he says. Playing Punjabi dhol on a loop on their music-making software, the two are icing the tracks for their upcoming Housefull 2 and Tezz.Their songs emerge from jamming sessions at home or studio. Usually, Wajid crafts the compositions, while Sajid masters the arrangements. \"Situations decide the rhythm. I ask Sajid-bhai how should the song's feel be because he is the best rhythm guy I know. He has a spectacular sense of music.\" The admiration is mutual as Sajid says his younger brother is \"equivalent to 10 composers\". \"Wajid is very passionate. Melodies just flow through him. As a brother, I have always kept an eye out for him. I ensure he doesn't befriend corrupt people who may poison his mind because success can get into anybody's heads.\"Calling themselves \"the best of friends\", they think for a moment when asked how they sort out creative differences. Given their fine rapport, amicably one would think? \"Actually, I start beating the s*** out of him,\" Sajid cracks up. \"Bade bhaaiyon ka yehi kaam hota hai yaar,\" Wajid sighs. \"We don't extend fights,\" says Sajid. \"We speak out then and there, and finish it. We tell each other if something sounds wrong. We know that if either finds something amiss, it's certainly worth looking into. Many a time, I've tried composing, but Wajid says it sounds terrible. I laugh it off. Though our thinking is different, we are always open to ideas and opinions.\"The arrangement has spawned many a chartbuster. \"Take Hudd Hudd Dabangg for instance,\" says Sajid. \"Wajid brought out the melody, soul and hummability in the number, while I incorporated the aggression and scale. We were jamming, improvising and adding to each other's impulses and at one point, locked it. That's where we brothers meet.\" Wajid credits his brother for the catchphrase: \"Hudd Hudd Dabangg was a chant that Sajid came up with. His logic was, 'Ek mard aadmi aisa hi kuch kahega'.\"Of course, Salman 'Dabangg' Khan himself, the duo's \"godfather and mentor\", is an emotive issue that draws out bucketfuls of flattering adjectives. \"Salman bhai believed in us when nobody did. Bollywood loves to operate in camps; noone wants to look outside. Salman broke that. From Mujhse Shaadi Karoge, Partner, Veer, Wanted to Dabangg, he has given us more than any composer could ask for.\"Of the many memories of Salman's largesse, Sajid's recalls this one with fondness. \"He had invited us to a party because Partner's music had done exceedingly well. When the door opened, our eyes met. From a distance, he blinked once, indicating us to come up to him. I saw something very different in his eyes - they were like a father's or an elder brother's. He hugged us and whispered, 'Thank you very much'. The guy who believes in you...you have made him proud. That was a really big award for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11947546", "title": "SIDCO invites tender for portable incinerators", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: State Small Industries Development Corporation (SIDCO) has invited tenders from potential bidders for importing the truck mounted emergency incinerator units (TMEIU) for garbage disposal in the city. The state government took a decision the other day to import TMEIUs to tackle the garbage disposal problem and entrusted SIDCO to go ahead with the project.SIDCO managing director Saji Basheer said that global tender had been issued so that international bidders too can participate. Both original equipment manufacturers and dealers providing the machinery anywhere in the world can take part in the bid provided they meet European emission standards. For equipment dealers, authorization by an Indian agency is required. However, the expertise of the bidder in the sector is not being considered.\"Since the technology is new, we cannot ask the bidder for their previous experience in the field,\" said Basheer. The winning bidder will work hand in hand with SIDCO and Suchitwa Mission. The responsibility of annual maintenance of the TMEIU units for the first five years will also be that of the winning bidder, he said.He also said that the whole process of inviting tender applications and bidding was being carried out on a war footing. The last date for submitting the application is March 8. The state's decision is to import portable incinerators mounted on trucks that can instantly process the garbage they collect from various collection centers. Each unit of TMEIU cost around Rs 2 to 3 crore. The decision is to import two such portable incinerators.The whole process of inviting tender applications and bidding is being carried out on a war footing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944149", "title": "A Hindu refugee in \u201902 riots camp", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shivappa Basappa Manu's family was the only Hindu group that lived at the Shah-e-Alam relief camp meant for Muslim refugees during the 2002 riots. Instead of taking the lifesaving way out and asserting his Hindu identity, Shivappa - from Hussainnagar ni Chawl in Naroda Paita - chose to not abandon his Muslim neighbours.Among his neighbours was Fatima Sheikh, who runs a flourmill opposite Shivappa's stall. \"He is like our brother and it was our responsibility to keep him safe among thousands of homeless, angry people,\" Fatima says. \"At the camp, we used to call him by a Muslim name.\"Shivappa, 72, runs a small vegetable stall with his wife Manikba at the entrance to the Naroda Patia locality. On the fateful day, an SRP jawan told him to shut shop as mobs were gathering.Other Hussainnagar inhabitants were worse off as they were Muslims. Shivappa and his family, with the neighbours, began searching for a safe place to hide as bricks began landing on their tin roofs. They all had lived in the chawl in harmony.Other residents were mostly from and around his native village of Shahpur in the Gulbarga district of Karnataka, and their bonds transcended religion.Shivappa found his neighbours a way to the terrace of a building in the Gangotri Society. Around 80 members of the chawl then rode out the daylight hours there while the violence and rape played out. All the others hiding with him were Muslims.At around 8 pm when, according to Shivappa, the mob had tired itself out, he and those with him ventured out and got into an SRP bus which took them to the Shah-e-Alam relief camp. His neighbours hid his Hindu identity and he and his family lived there for seven days.On the seventh day he left the camp, seeking out a relative, because his neighbours feared for his safety. \"There was no question of us and them as Hindus and Muslims,\" Shivappa says. \"Even when I was leaving , they made arrangements for my safe passage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946123", "title": "Swedish tech for arsenic-free water in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has woken up to the problem of arsenic contamination of ground water that has been gnawing people of Bengal for about two decades. A team from Sweden recently visited the city and demonstrated how arsenic-free water can be produced using the new technology. Arsenic levels were traced to be high in ground-level water. Places like Behala, Jadavpur, Santoshpur, areas in and Garia and Tollygunj, where people draw their drinking water from tube wells, were said to suffer the highest risk of arsenic poisoning.Speaking on the sidelines of the two-day international conference on water quality with special reference on arsenic, state urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim said on Tuesday, \"There has been an overall lack of planning so far to tackle the arsenic problem. We are looking into the new technology.The only remedy lies in minimizing use of ground water.\" Public Health Engineering (PHE) minister Subrata Mukherjee was also present at the event which was organized by the state PHE and the union ministry of drinking water and sanitation at Hyatt Regency hotel.The ministers said that the government is working on the Vision- 2020 plan that entails supplying of 100 litres of arsenic-free water to each household by 2020. \"We are making a holistic planning so that by 2020, the state government can supply 100 litre of arsenic-free water per day,\" Mukherjee said.Mukherjee added that the districts of North and South 24-Parganas, Nadia, Murshidabad and Burdwan are also plagued by arsenic contamination. Under the master plan for arsenic mitigation, the state government is taking up several schemes to cover as much as villages and population possible to supply arsenic-free water. The authorities are also monitoring the water quality at regular intervals. A few arsenic-free water projects are already going on in the state. The measures taken up by the state have helped cover about 67% of the risk population with arsenic-free potable water.Hakim said that the urban development department along with the PHE is jointly working on a Rs 900-crore project to set up a 120 million gallon per day water treatment plant at Rajarhat. The plant will supply arsenic-free purified water in the areas of Salt Lake , Sector V and Rajarhat. \"The dependence on surface water has to be increased,\" Hakim said, adding that the authorities will also start work on setting up of arsenic filtration plants.However, Dr Dipankar Chakraborti, research director of Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies, rued that the Bengal government had so far received only Rs 3,000 to mitigate the arsenic situation in the state but nothing has been done so far. Chakraborti has written to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and PHE minister Subrata Mukherjee and urged them to look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11948204", "title": "Kochi fishermen killing: Italian team to visit New Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team from Italy will be arriving shortly here in connection with the case of the killing of two Indian fishermen by the guards on board an Italian ship off the Kerala coast.Official sources have said that the team, apart from meeting the Ministry of External Affairs officials, will go to Kochi for legal consultations in connection with the case.Meanwhile, External Affairs Minister S M Krishna has made it very clear that the captain and crew of the Italian ship will have to surrender and cooperate in the investigation of the case.Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi had called his Indian counterpart Krishna yesterday who told him that the captain the Italian oil tanker must cooperate with Indian law enforcers.Krishna, according to a statement by the External Affairs Ministry, said the loss of lives could have been avoided had the naval personnel onboard \" Enrica Lexie\" been careful and exercised restraint.He told his Italian counterpart that \"our information clearly indicated that the Indian fishermen were not carrying any arms or ammunition on board their vessel. Indian fishing vessels do not carry these on board but only fishing nets and the fish they catch\".Krishna told the Italian Foreign Minister of his telephonic conversation with Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy who conveyed \"the strong public opinion and agitation in Kerala\" at the loss of the innocent lives and the need for an urgent resolution of this issue.The authorities of the oiltanker had agreed yesterday night to hand over by today morning two of the marines onboard the vessel who allegedly shot dead two Indian fishermen on February 15 off Kollam coast.The developments came shortly after India did some tough talking on the need for the Italian ship authorities to cooperate with the probe into the killing of the fishermen.Kochi Police Commissioner M R Ajith Kumar had visited the ship late yesterday--his second in the day--and spoke to the Captain and crew of the ship for half an hour.The two fishermen -- Ajesh Binki (25) and Jalastein (45) -- were killed on February 15 off Kollam coast near Kerala when armed guards of the ship fired at their boat, suspecting it to be a vessel belonging to pirates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11948548", "title": "I stand by my Batla House comment: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh today said that he never looked to stir up controversies, and the allegation that he spoke out only against Hindu terrorism was wrong.He also asserted that he was still sticking to his view that Batla House encounter in Delhi was fake.Saying that he did not \"seek controversies\", Singh also said that he was not someone who retracted his statements, and he maintained his stand on Batla House encounter. \"I have already said that Batla house encounter was fake,\" he said.Singh said that on one hand, his charge that sections of Sangh Parivar were involved in terror activities had been borne out in many cases; on the other hand, he was the one who had sought ban on Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).\"Those who make such statements (that he targeted only RSS) conveniently forget that when I was Madhya Pradesh chief minister, I had recommended to the Centre to impose a ban on both SIMI and Bajrang Dal ,\" he said.However, the NDA government only banned SIMI, he added. Union law minister Salman Khurshid recently landed in a controversy after stating at a campaign rally in Uttar Pradesh that pictures of Batla House encounter \"brought tears\" to the eyes of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi .Two Indian Mujahideen terrorists and a Delhi police inspector were killed in the encounter on September 19, 2008 at Batla House in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946167", "title": "Farooq defends victim's account, calls for support", "text": "KOLKATA: Farooq Halim, who escorted the victim home after the assault, felt vindicated with the arrest of two of the accused. Ever since his name cropped up in the car molestation case, Farooq maintained that he did not believe in the \"conspiracy\" theory. He also insisted that the woman was indeed assaulted.Farooq on Saturday spoke out in support of the victim, saying she had been undergoing a sorry ordeal and needed help from the society. \"It is easy to pass the blame on a woman or casting aspersion on her character. But, it is difficult to lend a helping hand to a woman who has been sexually harrassed or assulted,\" blurt said.In the same breath, he praised the victim for putting up a brave front despite all odds. \"I must admit that she is a brave woman fighting for justice. I wish she wins the battle,\" he blurted.Recounting the sequence of events that unfolded on the night of the assault, Farooq claimed he did not make a call on the victim's cellphone first. He insisted that the victim called him first but he could not take the call as he was asleep. He called her back after he woke up. However, Farooq's version doesn't go in tune with police information that he was the first to call the victim.\"At 3.29am, I noticed the missed call on my cellphone. It took me a minute to call her back. Only then I came to know about what had happened to her. She was so shocked that she could not identify the location where from she called me. I advised her to take a taxi and come to my house. Later, I accompanied the victim to her Behala home,\" Farooq said without a pause.He also felt that his name was unnecessarily dragged into the controversy since he is the son of former West Bengal assembly Speaker Hasim Abdul Halim. \"If I were an ordinary person, there would have been no problem. Since I am a son of a political personality, everybody is now after my name. This is quite unfortunate,\" he said.\"If doing good to a person invites so much trouble, people will think twice before jumping into such an act,\" Farooq lamented.However, he made it clear that he would cooperate with the police to investigate the case.\"I came to Kolkata from Patna on February 15 and went straight to Kolkata police headquarters at Lalbazar. I was interrogated there for a couple of hours. I did not hide anything since I had nothing to hide. My role in the entire episode was only to lend a helping hand to a friend,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11946058", "title": "CBI court winds up recording of scam statements", "text": "RANCHI: Special CBI judge P K Singh on Saturday concluded the process of recording of statements of accused persons in a fodder scam case (RC 20) in which two former chief ministers of Bihar, Lalu Prasad and Jaggannath Mishra, are the main accused. The court also recorded the statements of suspended IAS officer Sajal Chakravarty. He was the 46th accused comprising two former chief ministers and five former bureaucrats of united Bihar.The case is related to fraudulent withdrawal of more than Rs 37 crore from the Chaibasa treasury of West Singhbhum district. At the time of the scam came o light, Chakravarty was the deputy commissioner of West Singhbhum. The CBI has lodged 53 cases in the Rs 900-crore fodder scam and Lalu is accused in five cases.Special CBI advocate BMP Singh said the court had recorded statement of all the accused and had fixed Tuesday for the next hearing. \"Like all the other accused persons, Chakravarty also claimed that he was not guilty of fraudulent withdrawal from the treasury,\" said Singh.During the next hearing, the accused persons will have to submit before the court the list of defence witness. \"Once the list of defence witnesses is finalized, the court will call them for deposition,\" said Singh. Chakravarty was not able to appear in the court on previous dates because of his ill health.The other main accused in the case are Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh and animal husbandry officials K M Prasad and S N Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944786", "title": "Students still in HOTS pursuit", "text": "MUMBAI: The new HOTS questions in the mathematics paper have the SSC examinees sweating, though teachers have been trying to allay their apprehension about the problems. Schools also seem to be confused about the weightage given to HOTS questions in both algebra and geometry. While most claimed that the two sections would carry 20 marks each, some said it might be 12.Clueless about the kind of questions to be set under the high order thinking skills (HOTS), students are trying to get hold of as many old question papers as possible to familiarize themselves to the array of problems. Some are solving the papers of preliminary exams from local schools, some are relying on their schoolteachers and others are just hoping that would turn out to be an easy paper for the first batch of the new syllabus.The board has, however, clarified in a circular that the questions that requires HOTS will not be difficult and be based on textbooks.Zarir Mehta, a student of St Xavier's School, said, \"We have been given an idea on what kind of questions they would be. So we are practising as many problems as we can. We have been told it will not be very difficult, but nobody is sure about the kind of questions. We will have to wait and check it ourselves.\"Rohan Rukhana from Friends' Academy in Mulund claims HOTS questions will be based on those in algebra and geometry books. \"We have been told that some questions will require high order thinking skills. And they might be from the list of questions in the textbooks,\" said Rukhana.An examinee, whose tuition teacher reportedly is involved in the setting of board exam papers, said he had hinted at the kind of questions that would be asked under HOTS. \"Many of us take tuition from him only because he gives a lot of questions for practice and also, he works for the boards,\" the student said.However, alleviating students' fear, Nitin Bakshi, math and science coordinator of Kamla High School in Khar, said, \"They need not be worried about HOTS. Usually, students are asked to solve problems based on one concept. HOTS questions may need them to apply two concepts together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11939227", "title": "I'm quirky yet witty: Bipasha Basu", "text": "Bipasha Basu , who was in Jaipur recently for a movie promotion, got talking about love, movies, item songs and of course, her dream role...How is the role in \" Jodi Breakers \" different from that of your other movies?I have been in the movie business since ten years and finally, I have done something which is close to my real self. The role is refreshing for me and it is a reflection of my own self because till date, I haven't done a role which falls in the zone of a contemporary and a happy-go-lucky girl.What is it that makes this role close to your real self?Just like the character in the movie, Sonali, I love to dress up and enjoy life. My philosophy towards life is to enjoy it to the fullest and have fun. I am one of those 'laugh-out-loud' kinds. I am quirky yet witty.What is your take on marriage/love?Any relationship should have love and if there is no love, it is better to call off a relationship. People say that love happens only once, but I don't believe in it because for me, if one relationship doesn't work, you should move on and seek love in another relationship. Who knows, you might find love in the second relationship. Compromises are important in any relation, but agar pyaar nahi hai then elements like cheating and deception come in.How was it working with Madhavan?I look good with actors like Askhay Kumar, Ajay Devgn and Ranbir Kapoor , but I think there is something endearing about Madhavan and Bipasha. We look good together and though people say that ours is an unusual couple, but we look really good on-screen.Are you playing the role of Bhanwari Devi in the movie being directed by Mahendra Dhariwal?Maine toh aisa kuch bhi nahi suna hai and neither have I been offered any such movie. Well, I don't know if my manager has any idea about it (laughs). Irrespective of what the director has been saying, I haven't been offered any such role. But if the script is interesting, I wouldn't mind doing such a movie because I like to keep myself politically updated.You look fit right now but if you are ever offered a movie for which you have to put on oodles of weight, will you take it up?You know, for \"Jodi Breakers\", I had to put on weight and if you notice, I am a little rounded as opposed to what I was in \"Players\". I keep going up and down the scale, but I have been fit in the last six years. I feel fit and look fit and it is all because of my seven years of hard work. However, it is not easy to convince myself to put on weight for a movie, it's a battle for me. But, if the film will be path-breaking and change my life and work, I will consider it.Your song 'Bipasha' in the movie has a semblance with the famous 'Shakira Shakira' song, what do you have to say about it?Shakira is a talented singer and I am a huge fan of her. I can only act and lip-sync. When I was informed about this song, I was apprehensive because I am very protective about my name and initially, mujhe samaj nahi aaya tha.How often do you come to Rajasthan?My dear friend and designer, Rocky S , is from Rajasthan and I know a lot of Rajasthani people back in Kolkata too, therefore, Rajasthan is close to my heart. It is a beautiful place and I love its cultural beauty and colours. Also, last year, I took a few days off from work and came to Jaipur for a quiet holiday and if I chose Jaipur as my holiday spot, you can imagine its importance in my life. Like all tourists, I love shopping here, especially jewellery and Rajasthani quilts.Do you have a dream role in mind?I want to do a movie on sports - like a movie on a racer or a marathon runner as I feel I'll fit that bill perfectly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945733", "title": "IGI cabbies get lessons on behaviour", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cab drivers at IGI Airport will soon be a better behaved lot. The airport management is conducting special workshops for drivers - of both radio cabs and regular taxis - and imparting lessons in safety, security, personal grooming and politeness.A driver with a private cab company, Mohammed Anuddin, attended a session this week and said that the classes gave him and his colleagues an understanding of the specific needs of passengers at the airport. \"This was like a refresher class. We were told how to behave with the passengers, be polite and open the door for them. We were also told that we should help out with the luggage, especially of women and senior citizens,\" he said.\"We were specifically told not to ask for tips. If a passenger willingly tips you, then it is fine but it is impolite to demand a tip. We also apprised them of the problems we face with passengers, for instance, sometimes commuters expect to be driven to alcohol vends, get drunk and then create a problem. They also often insist us to break rules in order to save on some distance as we now operate on a post-paid basis. What are we to do in such situations?\" asked Ved Prakash, another driver.\"Refuse politely,\" is what they were told to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "11946397", "title": "Activists debate internet\u2019s role in green movements", "text": "MANIPAL: Brikesh Singh and James North, activists at Greenpeace India, an environment NGO, spoke about their experiences as environmental activists on the third day of Article-19, the national media fest of Manipal Institute of Communication (MIC) on Saturday.North, Digital Media manager at Greenpeace India explained how internet played a vital role in helping spread awareness and creating large-scale movements. Brikesh Singh, known for climbing the roof of the British Parliament, to spread awareness on climate change, sheds light on the various activities of Greenpeace, not only in India, but also around the globe. The end of the session saw a flood of questions from the intrigued audience which went on even after the session concluded.On Friday, there was a thought provoking panel discussion with K V Akshara, Kannada playwright and writer, Ishamuddin Khan, street magician on 'Can we have sustainable spaces for performing arts in our country' and others.Akshara mentioned the present scenario of glorifying the artist and relying on big names instead of the art or their work as the reason for the creation of the culture of sponsorship.The media 'Unconference', which was moderated by Prof Sundar Sarukkai, director of Manipal Centre of Philosophies and Humanities was an intensive two-hour session with active audience participation. The speakers covered a range of issues from the media and its relationship with art to institutions that support art, sponsorships as well as the reasons for the diminishing space and disinterest when it comes to performing arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "from the ias batch of 1976, up the well-administered terrain as officer in action - gentle yet firm, and into the bounteous arms of artistic rhythm as director of the national gallery of modern art (ngmabangalore), sobha nambisan greets each day with a smile. excerpts from an interview", "code": "11944927", "title": "I deal with what comes my way, one day at a time: Sobha Nambisan", "text": "From the IAS Batch of 1976, up the well-administered terrain as officer in action - gentle yet firm, and into the bounteous arms of artistic rhythm as director of the National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMABangalore), Sobha Nambisan greets each day with a smile. Excerpts from an interview:With the belief that NGMA is an aesthetic alternative to mall culture, you've put NGMA on Bangalore's cultural circuit. What makes NGMA tick even as it turns three?What do people do for leisure in a city where there are no tourist spots? So, there's a tendency for Bangaloreans to go to malls.We needed an aesthetic and interesting alternative for the entire family. NGMA is unbelievably peaceful with just 3.5 acres of land. Vast greenery and water spaces abound - there are grand old trees, a cafeteria with good food and plenty of parking space. The entry fee to the gallery is just Rs 10. Artists, software professionals and students visit us. Children from international as well as government schools come on study tours.We've in fact tied up with the state government to provide children from government schools with free transportation and snacks for their visit to NGMA.We've had talks by celebrated artists and screened more than 200 films.We conducted an art appreciation course, and made a few enemies too, because we had the constraint of limited seats. We have a good art reference library.We've had video installations and the lit fest Lekhana - so much has happened in one year and nine months. Is there an artist in you?After school, I went to the Triveni Kala Sangha in Delhi, after which I never gave up sketching. I later did a hobby course at Chitrakala Parishath. I think I do portraits fairly well. After I finish my stint at NGMA next month, I plan to pursue my art.How did NGMA come your way?One year into its inception , they were looking for a full-time director with administrative skills.Authorities got to know I was interested in art as well, and within two months of retirement, I was here on a two-year contract. NGMA wears the accolade as an inclusive space for art and artists.Tell us about your inclusive strategies that have today made NGMA a hub for creative expression.Soon after I took over, I met with many artists to know how best to make NGMA a vibrant place. Today,we work in collaboration with art galleries, the Goethe Institute,Alliance Francaise, British Council Library, Bangalore Film Society and ICCR, all of which have helped us put together many prosperous shows. What we are able to showcase today is entirely a result of teamwork. My staff members are intensely involved in all NGMAs activities.No achievement comes without its set of highs and lows. What are some of yours?It felt good to curate our own exhibitions of KK Hebbar's and Rumale's works. These exhibitions are travelling to NGMA Delhi and Mumbai, too. The flip side is that budget is a constraint - we need more storage racks and better lighting for the gallery. But then, I deal with what comes my way, one day at a time.You've had your peak moments as IAS officer and director of NGMA. What are some achievements that make you smile?When I was in service,we built 1,000 flats in 10 months at the National Games Village - on marshy land, with three different contractors. Another time, vacancies for higher education teachers had not been filled for 10 years. In 2006, I got 50 per cent of the seats filled up with NET certified and gold medallist teachers. During my tenure here, I spoke with the department of Kannada and culture to reimburse the travel fares of art students from Gulbarga, Davanagere, Karwar and Mangalore to travel to NGMA to see the works of Hebbar and Rumale. As a result,many art students are here to study the works of these great artists. And the show goes on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944854", "title": "Flyers suffer as KFA cancels flights, suspends Kolkata operations", "text": "MUMBAI: Last-minute flight cancellations by Kingfisher Airlines continue to inconvenience flyers. Saturday was a particularly trying day for Kingfisher customers as at least five flights from Delhi, including three to Pune, and another six flights from Mumbai, including ones to Singapore and Kolkata were cancelled, said travel agents and airport sources.Moreover, the airline, which incurred a loss of more than Rs 400 crore in Q3, shut down operations from Kolkata temporarily. There was no flight operation on Saturday from Kolkata which has seven daily flights, including one each to Dhaka and Bangkok . A Fort-based travel agent said Kingfisher officials had told him flights from Kolkata are suspended till February 28.Sources said the airline may halt operations in Hyderabad too.\"The airline has been cancelling flights at the eleventh hour. Though it is trying to accommodate passengers on other airlines, they too have capacity limitations. Last night, it sent out messages to passengers to intimate them about the Kolkata-Bangkok cancellation. But it was too late in the night and most flyers saw the message only in the morning,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels, who had many clients booked on that flight. \"I had to arrange for new tickets for all my clients as they had connecting flights to catch.\"The Mumbai-Singapore flight stands cancelled till February 26. Rateria added that passengers booked on that flight are now scrambling for seats on other airlines. Kingfisher has already stopped operating to many tier-II and III cities like Mysore, Agra and Kolhapur and curtailed the number of flights from bigger cities. It had promised to give out a list of cancelled flights beforehand, but hasn't lived up to it.\"We call the airline and learn of new cancellations every day. If they give a planned list, it will save the passengers last-minute hiccups,\" the Fort-based agent said, adding that the suspension of flights from Kolkata will affect flyers across the country, including Mumbai, as many business and marriage groups are booked on them during February.People in the aviation industry say despite best efforts, the airline hasn't been able to attend to all affected flyers, affecting its image. Pradip Lulla, director, Cirrus Travels, said Kingfisher is trying to endorse passengers of its cancelled flights to other airlines on the same sectors. \"For instance, the airline has cancelled its Delhi-Pune-Delhi flight. Many flyers booked were accommodated on other carriers. Similarly, some passengers on the Mumbai-Kolkata flight, which stands cancelled for the next week, have also been put on other flights. However, many passengers were left unattended. This has made the airline look unreliable in the passengers' eyes.\"Tour operators confirmed this. Business travellers have stopped booking Kingfisher because of the uncertainly of its flights, they said. \"Only economy class travellers are still booking Kingfisher because the airline has dropped its fares and is often the cheapest option for travellers,\" said Lulla. \"Kingfisher fares are 50% less than other airlines on some sectors. Hence, economy passengers are taking the risk to book Kingfisher tickets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945862", "title": "How a cop shrunk the trees", "text": "Uses Bonsai To Bring Alive Forests, Big Draw At Garden FestivalNEW DELHI: A tree tilted by the wind, a hermit deep in meditation under a majestic kalpavriksh tree, and an entire forest depicted with its animals. These are not paintings but actual trees projecting sceneries found in the wild.The magic of bonsai was brought alive by Jaipal Singh, a Delhi Police head constable.Singh, who donned the uniform first in 1982, got interested in the art in 1984. \"I had visited an exhibition where bonsai trees were put on display and the idea amazed me. When I asked around I got interested in it and started to grow my own bonsais,\" said Singh.He says that by growing bonsai trees he has not only brought the miniature forms of majestic and elegant trees into his backyard but has also recreated beautiful sceneries that he comes across. \"It is like living art,\" he said. Pointing at a particular bonsai, which looks like it is caught up in a storm, he said: \"Which ever tree you see in the wild can be brought to your backyard and, at times, can also help recreate the scene you saw.\"Through the art he has been able to recreate a forest using Chinese elms, which are trees native to China, Japan and North Korea. He has also been able to successfully grow a three-foot, 35-year-old banyan tree, which if grown naturally would've attained a height of 25 feet.A score of the 400 bonsai trees reared by Singh for the last 25 years were put on display at the Garden Tourism Festival. Organized by the Delhi Tourism, the two-day festival, which started on February 17, brings together 20,000 gardening enthusiasts. The theme this year is 'Beauty and Nutrition'.The festival, in its 25th edition , organized competitions in 31 categories such as potted plants, hanging baskets, foliage plants, cactus and succulents, aromatic, herbal and medicinal plants, bonsai plants of different specifications, bougainvillea, among others.The Japanese art of growing miniature trees has not only captivated Singh's imagination but also that of Manoj Kumar . A photographer, Kumar too has been growing bonsais for the last 25 years. He says the art is very close to his heart and is fulfilling.\"It is like your child. You have seen every stage of its life and taken care of it right from the start,\" says Kumar. He says the rare ones are never put on sale even if one is ready to pay a fortune. Singh, on the other hand, never sells his bonsai trees.The art needs a lot of time, investment and care. In fact the artists say that many times it takes years before the tree actually starts to look like what was conceived in their imagination.Explaining the procedure, Kumar says the plant can be retrieved from anywhere. \"A bonsai expert will be able to pot the root and trunk of the tree extracted from the wild . The plant is then nurtured with fertilizers,\" he said.\"The height of the tree is maintained by regularly pruning its roots, branches, and keeping it in shallow trays so that the growth of the root is controlled. Wires are used to mould the shape of the tree,\" added Kumar.By growing bonsai trees, Jaipal Singh has not only brought miniature forms of elegant trees to his backyard but has also recreated beautiful sceneries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948233", "title": "Sundar opts for Shruti Haasan", "text": "The actress might be the leading lady for his project with VishalIt looks like Sundar C's busy planning groundwork for his next project, making use of the break that the ongoing strike has given him. While CT reported first that Vishal's going to be the lead actor in this project, the latest we've learnt is that Shruti Haasan might be the cast opposite him. When contacted, Sundar said, \"We have just one heroine in the project, although Vishal will be playing three roles in the film. We are currently looking at two girls, one of which is Shruti. It will take a couple of days to finalize the heroine.\"Meanwhile we also hear that the film is going to be dubbed and released in Telugu too. So the makers are looking for a heroine who is saleable across the two industries. Shruti has made her mark in the two industries, with two big releases (3 in Tamil and Gabbar Singh in Telugu) in her hand. So the chances are high in her favour.Sundar plans on beginning work on this project the moment he finishes his current film Masala Cafe. \"In all probability, we should commence work on this project in March,\" affirms Sundar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946138", "title": "3 CPM heavyweights axed from new state committee", "text": "KOLKATA: Alimuddin Street finally did what it dithered over, for the last three years, since the Lok Sabha reverses in 2009. It dared the once all-powerful district chieftains Laxman Seth, Amitava Nandi and Anil Basu by dropping them from the newly constituted CPM state committee at the concluding day of the party state conference on Saturday.The exclusion of these three CPM seniors is perceived as a move to send out signals down the ranks that the party doesn't endorse the activities that these people represent. According to party insiders, the decision is also a warning to those who have similar complaints against them.But taking the decision was less easy than said. The outgoing state committee members sat for over three hours from four in the afternoon to some minutes past seven in the evening to arrive at this decision, while the media was kept waiting outside the conference hall from six in the evening.Seth's name was doing the rounds since the Nandigram firing, and the CPM seniors in the politburo didn't want the West Bengal unit to give him a ticket in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. Many leaders in the CPM state secretariat backed Seth fearing the impact on the organisation. Sensing the mood, Seth went with his fiat setting private medical college and dental college till he got mired in a controversy over college affiliation.Anil Basu, the other leader from Hooghly is the man who had been winning from Arambag by a record margin till he lost in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. His political stakes went on a low after he made some lewd comments against Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee in the midst of the 2011 Assembly, prompting the party to show him a yellow card. He could not regain from his position since then. It was reflected in the Hooghly district conference when Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury was made the district secretary, though he was perceived to be the next district secretary. Basu loyalists, however, have not been able to swallow the bitter pill. \"If CPM state secretary Biman Bose can get away with a simple apology, why did the party go so harsh on Basu?\" a Hooghly district leader said.The most significant dropout is Amitava Nandi. Alimuddin Street, it seems, has taken a political decision in his case though a sizeable section of party supporters and the public are averse to him. Instead, Nepaldeb Bhattcharjee whom the CPM had once showed the door for \"leaking out vital party information to the enemy camp\" has found a place in the new state committee.Young student leader Sayandeep Mitra is also among the new faces in the state committee. Senior peasant leader of North 24-Parganas Ranjit Mitra is also among the dropouts.The new state committee has also done away with some veterans such as former West Bengal Assembly Speaker Hashim Abdul Halim, former MP from Howrah Swadesh Chakrabarty, CPM's Jalpaiguri district secretary Manik Sanyal, Kolkata CPM veteran Rajdeo Goala, CPM's Malda leader Jiban Moitra, and former MP Dipen Ghosh. Former state ministers Anisur Rahman, Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury, Anadi Sahu, and Anju Kar have been included in the state committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945415", "title": "Is it time to bury the yeti myth?", "text": "Nikolai Valuev is 7 ft tall and weighs almost 146 kg. A few months ago, the Russian heavyweight boxing champion , nicknamed the \"Beast from the East\" was on an unusual expedition. His mission was \"to try and find the yeti and talk to him about life\" . Valuev returned from the expedition without having his heart-to-heart chat, much like countless others who have been trying to locate the elusive snowman known by various names - Mehteh or Meito Kangmi in the Himalayas, Bigfoot or Sasquatch in the US and the Snow Person or Almasty in Russia.Why is the creature - if it indeed exists - so coy? Even though the search for the yeti has been going on for almost a century and there have been numerous reports of possible sightings, purported hair samples and supposed footprints, conclusive proof has never been found.In November last year, there was a flicker of hope when organisers of the International Yeti Conference in Russia's Kemerovo region claimed they had found nests built by the creature. In fact, they went to the extent of claiming they were \"95% certain of finding the yeti at long last\" . However, much of the evidence , according to scientists who attended the conference, turned out to be doubtful, and possibly planted to increase tourism to the region. \"The markers in the forest, footprints and nests in the cave, which were shown to conference participants were rather questionable,\" says Jeff Meldrum of the department of biological sciences of Idaho State University , one of the conference attendees.This may make it yet another dead end in the search for the creature, who has often been touted by enthusiasts as the possible missing link in the human evolution chain. Many biologists have already dubbed the search as futile, pointing out that all the upright walking mammals have been discovered and classified a long time back. Brian Regal, historian of science at Kean University says that even though yetis have a certain evolutionary plausibility - and we might find out tomorrow that they exist - it seems very unlikely, based on the evidence available . \"I would argue they are so hard to find because they are not out there to find,\" he says.Many yeti searchers are not convinced though - especially the hobbyists and cryptozoologists. However, cryptozoology - the search for animals whose existence has not been proved - is debunked as \"pseudoscience\" by biologists , who believe that it relies heavily on anecdotal information and less on an academic approach. Cryptozoologists who have been hunting for the yeti tend to believe that it could be related to the Gigantopithecus blacki , a giant ape that lived in India and China half a million years ago. British cryptozoologist Richard Freeman of the Centre for Fortean Zoology, who has travelled extensively in search of the creature says that he \"found hair, saw tracks and a hand print\" . He also claims that in Sumatra , one of his associates spotted another elusive animal, the orang-pendek , an upright walking ape thought to be related to the larger yeti of mainland Asia. But conclusive proof of the yeti has eluded him.It is this frustrating lack of proof that has dimmed public enthusiasm for the yeti's search over the years. Even though claims like that of the Russian researchers rejuvenate interest levels momentarily , their debunking ensures that the yeti moves one step further into the category of mythological creatures. However , unlike other legendary animals like dragons or unicorns, the yeti's evolutionary plausibility holds the tantalizing prospect that it might just be out there - a point that even dyed-in-the-wool sceptics like Delhi-based Sanal Edamaruku, president of the India Rationalist Association , agree with. \"There is nothing absurd about the idea that there could be an undiscovered living being roaming on snowy mountaintops, as it does not contradict reason or science like say, the existence of ghosts does.\"As of now though, the yeti seems more like a ghost - a product of the imagination - rather than a real live creature. Unless of course, the next set of claims manage to prove otherwise.Looking high and lowThe first yeti footprints were reported in 1925 by NA Tombazi, a Greek photographerIn 1951, similar footprints were discovered by British mountaineers Eric Shipton and Michael Ward on the southwestern slopes of the Menlung Glacier between Tibet and NepalA number of expeditions have hunted for the yeti, most notably in the 1950s. None of them reported face-to-face encounters, although inhabitants of remote mountain villages have often claimed to have seen the creatureIn his book, On the Yeti Trail, Kathmandu-based journalist Madan Mohan Gupta published accounts of women who had allegedly been abducted by the creature and had even had children with itMonks of many Tibetan monasteries also believe the yeti exists. Two such monasteries, Pangboche and Khumjung, even have scalps purported to be that of the yeti's , although their veracity is disputed by scientists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11946634", "title": "Real-life champs on ramp", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fashion shows are nothing new but this was special, as the ones who walked the ramp were real life heroes. Neither can they hear nor speak, but they made their presence felt when they walked the ramp during a fashion show at Guru Nanak Girls College on Saturday.Harmangeet Kaur and Navraj Kaur are speech and hearing impaired but when they came on the stage, the whole auditorium roared in applause. Both of them had designed their respective gowns, which took about one month and for the past one week, they were busy practicing their choreography steps. As the theme was floral, both of them had worn white colour gowns with tattoos on their faces.Resident of Mandi Ahmedgarh, Harmangeet Kaur, said (with her mother Baljinder Kaur interpreting through sign language) it was for the first time that she came on stage for the fashion show. She said she worked really hard for the fashion show, especially as she could not hear the rhythm but her catwalk had to be in sync with the rhythm.A student of fine arts and textile designing, Harmangeet said she is very good at lip reading so she could easily understand the lip movement of her teacher. About her wardrobe, she said it was after a long search that she had chosen her dress. More efforts were involved in the stitching of unique design, she added.Resident of BRS Nagar, Navraj Kaur, through her mother Charanjeet, said she had made a promise to herself that she will catwalk with so much dedication that judges wouldn't be able to figure out that she cannot speak or listen. \"I wanted my dress to be different from others, so had searched on the internet and went through various magazines to choose the perfect design,\" said Navraj.She said just like Harmangeet, she is also good at reading lip moment, so grabbed the things easily. Their teacher Gurasis Kaur, a resident of Gill Road, said both of them are brilliant in grabbing the things, so she did not have to devote extra time on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945973", "title": "Girl kills self after rape in Delhi, 2 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl allegedly committed suicide after being raped by two people in northwest Delhi, police said on Saturday. The 15-year-old girl was accosted by the men when she was going to a relative's house along with a friend on Friday evening. The accused offered them a joyride on their bikes and picked them up from Prashant Vihar. They forced themselves on the girls on reaching a deserted stretch in Jahangirpuri, said cops. \"The due raped the girls, who managed to get home by 8.30pm. One of the girls consumed poison within an hour,\" said an officer, adding that the accused have been identified. \"A case of kidnapping has been registered by the outer Delhi police,\" said additional DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya. DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal said they have apprehended the culprits.In another incident, a seven-year-old resisted a rape attempt by a close relative at a wedding. She was able escape from his grip by biting him and informed her parents about the incident. The locals handed over the accused to the police, who arrested him and lodged a case of attempted rape. The girl's father told TOI: \"My daughter had finished her dinner and had gone to her room adjoining the marriage hall. It was then the accused attacked her. She thought on her feet and bit the accused on the hand and ran from the room.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11946145", "title": "All eyes on young voters today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unfazed by caste and religious factors, Sandarbh Sinha was waiting excitedly for Sunday. This firsttime voter though did not reveal his choice. \"People who can work matter,\" he said about his criterion for choosing a candidate. Another voter, Shreya, has put a status message on a social networking site urging her friends to fulfill their democratic duty. Commerce graduate Rishi Singh has promised to take all women in his family to the polling booth.The three individuals suggest what makes elections in Lucknow special. In the words of an election officer, \"The electorate is young, energetic and ready to vote - a pool of energy that can make or break Rome in one day.\" Figures back this claim. Out of 100 voters in Lucknow, three fall in the age group of 18-19 years. Another 27 are in 20s while 25 are in 30 plus category.Thus over 55% voters in the city are below 40 years. In terms of numbers, the city has 15.5 lakh young voters. The high presence of young voters can be seen across all constituencies. While Mohanlalganj records the maximum presence of young voters (56.11%), Sarojaninagar has the minimum (47.31%). Mohanlalganj also has the maximum number of first-time voters.\"The stats reason why political parties were rallying behind youth in these elections,\" said Rahul Mishra, a city based business man. Several candidates are in fact banking on the youth factor for their success. Mohd Rehan - SP candidate from Lucknow West - for instance is 37 years old. \"Age is by my side. This has already given me an edge over other candidates,\" said this MBA from Aligarh Muslim University.Political analysts say since the younger lot is not really affected by traditional factors, that have been making political parties win or lose over decades, the predictability factor goes missing. \"We all have heard of vote banks and cadre votes but which way will this wind blow has left political strategists guessing,\" said Sudha Pai of Jawaharlal Nehru University.The large presence of young voters is expected to jack up polling percentage in the city infamous for low turnout.Over the last few elections, mere 35% votes were polled here. \"Lucknow will regain its lost pride when young electorate will vote. I, however, feel they have an additional responsibility which is to motivate elders,\" said UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945723", "title": "Colourful display of flowers, fruits attracts attention at Companybagh", "text": "VARANASI: A colourful display of wide range of flowers, fruits and vegetables attracted the attention of visitors on the inaugural day of 'divisional-level exhibition' that began at Government Company Garden, Kuchehari, on Saturday. The exhibition will conclude on Sunday.\"For the first time, we have also displayed medicinal plants. A special seminar on 'marketing and quality production' was also organised to update progressive farmers in month of February every year. District magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar were also present on the occasion. The awards would be given to winners on Sunday during the valedictory function. the division,\" Singh said. It may be mentioned here that district horticulture department is organising the divisional-level flower, fruit and vegetable exhibition, attracting participation from a number of farmers from east UP region.Earlier, divisional commissioner A K Upadhyaya inaugurated the exhibition. He also stressed the need to make the occasion an annual event to be held it in the According to Jyoti Singh, in-charge, Horticulture Mission in the district, more than 3,000 varieties of flowers, fruits and vegetables were displayed on the opening day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945947", "title": "Two 5 year old injured after hit by biker", "text": "Two children, both aged five years, were injured after allegedly being hit by a youngster, Adnan Salim Shaikh, who was on a motorcycle, at Deolali Camp. Deolali police have registered the case.The victims, Kashish Sharda Prakash and Priyani Jadhav, were hit by the bike after Shaikh allegedly lost control.The incident occurred near English Medium School, Dhondi Road. . Kashish Sharda Prakash and Priyani Jadhav both aged five years were hit by motorcycle as the rider Adnan Salim Shaikh lost control over it near English Medium School at Dhondi Road, Deolali Camp. The case was registered by Sakharam Kale, resident of Shingve Bahula. Nobody has been arrested.Gold chain stolenUnidentified person stole away the purse containing a gold chain worth Rs 35,100 from one Julekha Patel, 53, from Deolali Gaon. According to case filed in Bhadrakali Police Station Julekha said she was getting into a bus at Shalimar on Wednesday at 5.30 pm when an unidentified person picked her purse. The complaint was registered with Bhadrakali police station on Friday.One beaten upA case of beating a person with wooden plank and injuring him has been registered against a person in Nashik Road Police Station. Raju Gangurde has claimed that accused Sagar Kamble, both residing at Sinnar Phata, first kicked the wall of his tin-shed house which resulted in falling and breaking of utensils. When Raju questioned Sagar, the latter hit the former with a wooden plank injuring him.#", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11943662", "title": "PE co Warburg Pincus in race for stake in Sayaji Hotels arm", "text": "Warburg Pincus (WP), a private equity (PE) firm, has joined the bandwagon of the other two PEs for picking up stake in Barbeque Nation Hospitality (BNH), a restaurant subsidiary of the Mumbai-based Sayaji Hotels, said sources familiar with the development. Sayaji has properties in Indore and Barodara.The size of investment and other details are not known. Two other PEs namely New Silk Route and Bain Capital were already in talks for a $30-million minority investment in BNH and thus acquiring a little over 26% stake in the venture, which has been mandated by boutique investment bank o3 Capital for fund raising.After opening BNH at 19 places in the country, Sayaji Hotels plans to open a chain of such restaurants in all the major cities of the country. When contacted, Sajid Dhanani, managing director, Sayaji Hotels, declined to comment on the matter. Even o3 Capital official declined to comment on the development. The six year-old restaurant chain is tracking annualized revenue of Rs 120 crore with operating profit of Rs 28 crore, said a source.Though nothing was clear as yet, it is estimated that unlike the other two PEs, WP may go for a majority investment into BNH. The reason is that the PE, with over $35 billion worth of assets under management, typically invests as a lead investor in transactions and takes a board seat in its portfolio companies. It looks at an investment upto $100 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943770", "title": "GB trial resumes after two months", "text": "PUNE: The trial in the German Bakery bomb blast, which was put on hold for two months, finally resumed before the additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Saturday.The blast case did not make headway as the prosecution was busy in the Mumbai railway blast case, and the New Delhi police had arrested one of the suspects, Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, for his suspected involvement in the blast case.The alleged conspirator in the blast, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, was not produced before the court.Judge Dhote had recorded the evidence of Chetan Prabhakarpuram on the last date of hearing on December 18, 2011.Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare recorded the evidence of the 50th witness, surgeon Praveen Survase of the Sassoon general hospital, as he had examined 12 people, including three foreigners, injured in the blast.Survase is working at the hospital as surgeon and a resident doctor since May 2009. He handles emergency surgical cases. He gave details of the injuries received by the victims like burn, splinter, abrasions, etc in the blast.The blast had killed 17 people and injured 65 at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010.In the cross examination, senior lawyer A Rehman, assisted by lawyer Kainath Shaikh, representing Baig, posed questions to Survase whether injuries received by the victims can be caused due to a fall.Survase initially said the injuries could be caused due to fall, but he later explained that the patients who received multiple injuries were hospitalised within an hour and the injuries received by them could not have been caused due to a fall. These injuries are an indication of a blast or explosion.\"Rehman asked the surgeon why he had not given details of the injuries on the medical certificates. Survase replied that it was not necessary to mention the details on the certificates as it was the job of the forensic science department.Survase further deposed that in mass casualties, the duty of the doctor is to first take live-saving measures rather that concentrate on doing paper work.Meanwhile, the prosecution submitted that he intends to examine few more doctors as they had examined injured victims in the blast. The defence replied that he will go through the injury certificates and will decide whether to admit them or not on the next date of hearing on March 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944846", "title": "Citizens feel May-like heat in Feb", "text": "KANPUR: The pink winters of February felt like scorching summers of May here on Saturday. Though, the maximum temperature was just three degrees above normal, the clear skies made denizens sweat even in initial morning hours.\"Stepping out from home on Saturday felt like taking a tour of the desert. The blazing Sun turned the city into an over-heated cauldron. It seems that the predictions of having long winters are false and we should brace ourselves for longer and crueler summers this time,\" said Vineet Singh, a student.The maximum temperature recorded on Saturday was 24.5 degree Celsius, while the minimum temperature dipped to 7.6 degree Celsius. The clear and sunny skies gave a drastic dip to the humidity level in the region. The humidity recorded for morning hours was 89% which dipped to only 30% in the afternoon.According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, zero cloud cover, sunny day and slow wind made the locals feel acute heat during the day on Saturday. However, the south-easterlies winds blowing during nights lowered the minimum temperature.\"The temperature will rise by a couple of notches in the days to come, while the nights will remain colder. The chances of rain are non existent but the cloud cover may persist during nights,\" informed CB Singh, meteorologists at CSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945968", "title": "'MNS open to alliances to rule city civic body'", "text": "NASHIK: A day after the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections threw up a fractured mandate, with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena emerging as a single largest party, albeit 22 short of the clear majority figure of 62 in the house of 122 members, the city chief of the party, Sujata Dere, said that the MNS would look for allies to gain power in the NMC but the decision would be taken by party chief Raj Thackeray.The municipal elections on February 16 saw many political bigwigs battling it out for majority. Among many strong candidates fielded against each other, the fight between Sujata Dere and Hemlata Patil of the Congress in prabhag 24 was a keenly contested one. Dere, who emerged triumphant against tough competitor Patil, who was the leader of the opposition, said the wave this time was for the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena. \"The atmosphere was conducive for the MNS. All my family members, relatives, family friends and people of my colony, my ward supported me irrespective of class and economic background,\" she said.On speculations that she could become next the mayor of the Nashik Municipal Corporation, she said that Raj Thackeray will take all the decisions and that she will respect whatever decision the party takes.With reference to the recent incidents of internal bickering and pre-poll breakups, Dere affirmed that such differences will not take place in their party since Raj Thackeray will always be at the helm of all affairs.\"We are his ministers and he will definitely guide us for everything,\" said Dere.Citing the reasons for MNS' dramatic rise from 12 seats in the last civic election, when the party was a year-old, to 40 this time, Dere said, \"It is because of Raj Thackeray's charisma and people's faith in him that we won maximum seats in the election. The will to do something is apparent on his face and in his speeches.\" Dere agreed to the fact that without absolute majority MNS will have to find a political ally to take the reins of the Nashik Municipal Corporation but that would be decided by the party high command.Replying to the oft-made accusations by the opposition parties that Nashik had three members of legislative assembly from the MNS but still did nothing productive for the city, she said, \"These three MLAs have achieved the very important task of bringing all of the party's workers and volunteers together and keeping them united. This is a very strong point and is in our favour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944363", "title": "GU senate polls on Sunday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Elections to seven seats of Gujarat University (GU) senate, in which 23 candidates are in the fray, will be held on Sunday.The election to medical, dental and under-graduate commerce seats have already been declared uncontested.Saturday was the last day for canvassing for the seven senate seats. Aggressive campaigning on internet, facebook preceded the elections wherein candidates also distributed booklets giving information about themselves and their ambitions for the students and the university.Candidates are mainly affiliated with Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and National Students Union of India. Interestingly, the students are reported to have spent lakhs of rupees on the elections, though the senate term is only of three months.\"This senate election is considered the stepping stone for students who want to make a career in politics,\" said a student leader. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11945732", "title": "Mayawati's chances slim in urban Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: This is the city from where she ruled UP for five years. This is the city she claims to have made as magnificent as Paris. And, yet, when Lucknow votes on Sunday, Mayawati may find that it remains elusive for her party. Lucknow has been a BJP bastion, prospering under Atal Bihari Vajpayee's shadow for 20 years. But BJP's vote share has shrunk since 1996, and this year there's a possibility of other parties making inroads. After five years of Maya rule, the BSP could well have been the top contender for Lucknow, but the public mood hints at strong anti-incumbency which might make it difficult for the party to bag even one of the five urban seats.Maya claims she has transformed Lucknow. Extravagant dalit memorials have made this city a topdraw among tourists. Smooth roads have been added. Flyovers have come up. The city looks different from what it did five years ago. So, why would Lucknow's urban middle class not vote her candidates? Therein lies the irony. Development was lopsided, with darkness and potholes overshadowing the razzle-dazzle of some parks and roads leading to them. \"These parks were mostly out of bounds. Huge public money was spent, and the parks were locked to the public. Why build parks if the public cannot enter them,\" asks Alok Kumar, a resident of the city.\"Monuments don't transform into votes, particularly in a city with a predominant urban middle class base,\" says Dr AK Singh, director of the Giri Institute of Development Studies. In the five urban seats, Maya hasn't fielded a single dalit and none of them looks like they could be in serious contention. Lucknow Cantonment will see a straight fight between Congress's Rita Bahuguna Joshi and BJP's Suresh Chand Tiwari. In Lucknow East, BJP's Kalraj Mishra is considered a favourite. In Lucknow North, BSP's Arun Dwivedi is a lightweight. Lucknow West is a direct Congress-BJP fight. That could mean a whitewash for BSP here.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949610", "title": "I was scared of the Asian community: Sofia Hayat", "text": "Sofia Hayat has already made her name being spotted at the right kinds of parties with the right people.She might not have had much work to her kitty, but she surely seems to be another star in the making. Though Sofia is a multitasker, she maintains that acting remains her first love over singing and dancing. She has always wanted to get into the entertainment industry and even though this decision didn't down well in her family, she decided to follow her heart.And Sofia feels Bollywood has re-invigorated her belief. She says, \"I wanted to be in Bollywood and due to that choice I was disowned by my community. I was scared of the Asian community due to all the experiences I had growing up as a child. But from the time I have come to India, I have seen a sense of acceptance and this has instigated a change in me too. I have now started to believe more than I ever did.\"So what does she feel about the popularity she has already gained? She says, \"It's the public, the audience and my friends who have given this to me. They are the ones who have made me popular. I love my job and I just want to be true to it.\"She sure is brimming with a lot of confidence and positive energy. We wish to see some good work from her now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "11946302", "title": "State to provide low-cost napkins to adolescent girls", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: In order to promote menstrual hygiene among women , the state government is all set to give low-cost sanitary napkins to adolescent girls. As per the project, Menstrual Hygiene Programme,' National Rural Health Mission (NRGM) in association with HLL Lifecare Limited will give sanitary napkins to all adolescent girls of the BPL families in the state.Seven districts have been selected for executing this project in the first phase. Kasargod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kottayam, Idukki, Palakkad and Malappuram districts have been selected and the programme will be launched in the state next week.\"We have completed all the arrangements for the programme. The programme will be executed with the help of Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA). They will visit homes in their area and will give a pack of six napkins for Rs 6 when the market price of the same is around Rs 80 to Rs 85. As per the scheme, two packets each will be given to girls in the age group of 13 to 19 every month. We will extend this project in all other districts in next fiscal year and a project in this connection has been submitted to union ministry of health and family welfare,\" NRHM's Social Development head V V Ramachandran told TOI.\"In Palakkad, we will distribute napkins through the schools because NRHM conducts a school health programme there. So napkins will be given through junior public health nurses in the schools. In other districts, ASHA workers will distribute the napkins,'' he said. \"Girls hailing from poor families in rural areas do not have the capacity to buy high quality sanitary napkins. So in order to ensure menstrual hygiene of adolescent girls, we decided to execute this project. ASHA workers will be deployed to create awareness among girls about the importance of menstrual hygiene,\" said Dr S Hafiz, an official of the NRHM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11946521", "title": "Rohan and Eshana don KVM crowns", "text": "CIVIL LINES: It was flash back time on Saturday for 356 students of Class XII of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, as they were bid farewell by the institute that they had grown up in. The school auditorium was packed with emotions as students and teachers alike tried to make the moment last.The event was particularly bittersweet for Aditya Juneja, Devyani Sharma, Ankit Arora, Priyanka Kapoor, Anurag Beri, Uditi Jain, Rohan Goel and Eshana Jain, as they were awarded titles in various categories like Mr and Miss Smile and Mr and Miss KVM among others.The function started with the lighting of the ceremonial lamp and Rahat Verma of XI-C welcoming school manager Ashwani Kumar and principal Navita Puri. Students of Class XI presented a song for their seniors. School's head boy Rohan Goyal gave a farewell speech expressing gratitude for the love, guidance and inspiration they had received from KVM. \"I want to specially thank ma'am Navita for being a lighthouse for all of us,'' he said.The Class XII students of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, were bid farewell by the institute on Saturday.Uditi Jain of XII-D said she was thankful to her teachers for drawing the best out of them and also thanked her juniors for giving a great farewell.Students presented bhangra to enthrall the audience and had arranged a DJ and some snacks for one last party together.Following students were crowned with the glory of grand titles. Mr &amp; Miss Smile: Aditya Juneja (XII-D), Devyani Sharma (XII-E); Mr &amp; Miss Witty: Ankit Arora (XII-A), Priyanka Kapoor (XII-G); Mr &amp; Miss Scholar: Anurag Beri (XII-A), Uditi Jain (XII-D); Mr &amp; Miss KVM: Rohan Goel (XII-A), Eshana Jain (XII-B).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11946515", "title": "Proposal to give functional autonomy to colleges opposed", "text": "MYSORE: University of Mysore's plan to give functional autonomy to degree colleges to conduct examinations and evaluate answer scripts of the first four semesters of the three-year degree courses came under sever criticism in the Acdemic Council meeting held on Saturday.The issue, raised by dean B Shivaraj, did not find many takers at the meeting. Preeti, a member of the council and a first semester student of BBM said at the meeting that the plan would create several openings for manipulation. \"If our answer scripts are evaluated at the college level, it is open for influences and manipulations. The present system is better,\" she said.Opposing the plan registrar (evaluation) B Ramu said that the proposal would question the credibility of the examination system of the varsity. \"There are chances for malpractices to increase. The colleges are likely to face more pressure from parents and other quarters to give their wards better marks,\" he said.Speaking at the meeting vice-chancellor V G Talawar said that he would soon convene a meeting of principals and students to discuss the issue.Meanwhile, the outsourcing of the examination works was questioned by several members at the meeting. They said that the outsourcing was a window to commit malpractices. This came after Ramu admitted that data entry by outsiders led to manipulation of the marks cards.Reacting to the allegations, registrar said that he could not do away with the outsourcing. \"University is facing a shortage of manpower and many of our employees lack computer skills. We have introduced new measures to ensure the process is foolproof,\" he said.He also informed that criminal cases had been booked against eight people in 2009 marks cards scam. In 2009, 458 students were declared as passed even though they had failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11948257", "title": "Kingfisher flight cancellation: DGCA orders inquiry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Sunday has started an inquiry into the cancellation of Kingfisher Airlines flights.Sources said that the DGCA has asked for a full report by Sunday evening.Kingfisher cancelled scheduled flights without informing regulator in clear violation of rules. Sources said that the termination of Kingfisher license is possible if situation deteriorates further.According to TV reports, 80 flights were cancelled across the country leaving the passengers fuming as they were not informed about the cancellation.Flight schedules of Kingfisher Airlines was disrupted for the second day today as it cancelled a large number of flights with the Income Tax department freezing some of its accounts.He said if the reports were true, such large of flight disruption would constitute violation of rules.\"We are gathering information from all the centres. Once we get this, we will decide what to do,\" he said.Under Rule 140(A) of the Aircraft Rules, 1937 operators require to have prior approval of DGCA to curtail their flight schedules.Bhushan also said that messages have been sent by the DGCA to all other airlines to accommodate all passengers stranded due to these cancellations by Kingfisher.\"They have to do this without enhancing the fares,\" he said when asked about the severe hardships being faced by the passengers of cancelled Kingfisher flights.Meanwhile, a spokesperson for Kingfisher said the flight disruptions were owing to certain unexpected incidents like bird hits which rendered its aircraft out of service.The flight disruptions are expected to continue for another three to four days with only 208 flights in operation, but the carrier has not shut down, nor does it plan to close down any stations, the official said.\"The speculation that we are reducing our operating schedule from 240 flights a day is ill-founded, as we will operate the full schedule on our booking system within the next four days,\" the spokesperson added.The spokesperson also dismissed rumours that the Kingfisher Airline had resorted to selling tickets at low fares as 'illogical', since the airline focuses on the full service segment which affords higher yields.While admitting that its bank accounts have been attached by the Income Tax department, Kingfisher Airline said in the past also similar issues have happened and they have been resolved.\"We have had a good meeting with our consortium of banks who have accepted, in principle, the viability study prepared by SBI Capital markets and independent consultants. Our request for additional working capital has been acknowledged by the consortium and is subject to individual bank approvals,\" the spokesperson said.The developments came barely two days after high fuel costs and falling revenue resulted in Kingfisher Airline losses in the third quarter of the current fiscal -- mounting to Rs.444 crore from a net loss of Rs.254 crore in the like quarter of 2010-11.(Inputs from PTI, IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943733", "title": "Khadakwasla debacle has the party worried", "text": "PUNE: Notwithstanding its victory in the civic polls, the defeat of eight of its candidates at various wards under the Khadakwasala assembly segment has come as a rude shock to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). This, especially when the Khadakwasla assembly segment is part of the Baramati loksabha constituency represented by MP Supriya Sule , daughter of party chief Sharad Pawar.Till recently, Khadakwasla was considered as a stronghold of the NCP. However, in the last six months, the party has faced major jolts here - first it faced defeat in the Khadakwasla byelections, at the hands of the BJP, and now it has been defeated in eight wards.Around 20 municipal wards, spread across Sinhagad road, Katraj, Dhankawadi, Warje and parts of Kothrud and Bavdhan, fall under the Khadakwasla constituency.Though the NCP has managed to wrest 12 seats from this segment, what has the party leaders worried is the growing influence of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). The party fears that in near future, a major section of young voters might switch to the MNS. The only solace, so far, is that the saffron combine of BJP-Shiv Sena, could wrest only two seats.BJP candidate Bhimrao Tapkir had defeated NCP's Harshada Wanjle in the 2011 assembly bypolls. Wanjle's defeat had rattled the top brass of the NCP, as none other than the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had spearheaded the campaign then.Asked about the continued poor performance of the NCP in its bastion, party spokesman Ankush Kakade said, \"We have not won enough seats as we expected, but these results do not reflect the party's mass base in Khadakwasala. Some of our candidates have lost owing to some local issues and rebellion by some of our partymen. But, this will not have a bearing on the 2014 assembly polls.\"Asked about the growing popularity of MNS in Khadakwasala, Kakade said, \"MNS has emerged as a dark horse and has surprised all parties in most areas of the city. Khadakwasla, too, faced a similar trend\".Another senior NCP leader observed that the Congress had contested all the 20 seats in the segment and this led to the division of secular votes. \"Though the Congress has won just one seat of the total 20, it has emerged as runner-up in many wards and has a sizable share in total votes polled. The assembly and the Lok Sabha elections will be contested by the NCP and Congress jointly, hence there will not be any division of secular votes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945845", "title": "Traders stage demonstration", "text": "VARANASI: The traders of Pahadia Mandi blocked the Varanasi-Ghazipur Highway and staged a massive demonstration on Saturday. They were protesting the alleged assault on a truck driver by the constables of local police outpost when he refused to pay extortion money.Reports stated that a truck was entering the Pahadia Mandi to unload grapes when some cops stopped it and sought money. When the driver refused, he was assaulted. When the traders of the market and other truck drivers came to know about the incident, they came on the road and blocked it. On receiving information, the Cantonment circle officer and other officials reached the incident site and assured to initiate stern action against the guilty cops. Thereafter, the traders called off their stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945497", "title": "27-yr-old youth brutally stabbed in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A 27-year-old youth was brutally attacked by a group of youths at Old Babulkehda on Saturday evening. Raju Kaitwas, a resident of Bhivsan Khori, is struggling for life at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).Ajni police are still trying to find out the reason behind the attack. Police said one of the passers-by informed them about Kaitwas being attacked. When the cops reached the spot, Kaitwas was lying unconscious and was immediately rushed to government medical hospital. A case of attempt to murder has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945882", "title": "Cops test skills, prowess at meet", "text": "NASHIK: Changing crime scenes have posted new challenges to the security forces to crack the cases and gather enough evidences to ensure that the cases against the accused reach logical end.In order to add more teeth to their investigation capabilities, the week-long All India Police Department (AIPD) Meet started at Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA), Nashik on Saturday. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is scheduled to attend the event on Wednesday.\"The best of teams from the state police and paramilitary forces have checked in and the various competitions begin Monday,\" AG Dhiware, Additional Director General Police, CID, Pune, said.There are 928 members from 28 teams participating in the various events and examinations.\"The teams will be appearing for examinations to scientific aid to investigations - wherein they will be tested of their abilities in the areas of forensic science, crime criminal scene management, rules, finger printing, lifting and physical evidene packaging,\" informed Vijay Magar, Special CID, Nashik who is also the member of the Scientific Aid to Investigation Committee.Over special guidance to participants during annual competition which marks congregation of personnel of various ranks throughout the country now being held in Maharashtra after a gap of 21 years, Dhiware said the event is restricted to competitions of the best entries from the respective states and is evaluative in nature.\"The best teams are participating in various disciplines. It is a litmus test of their skills,\" Dhiware said.Over police department losing number of cases in the trial, SS Barve, Special IGP, Director MPA Nashik said the strength of evidence and the witness decided upon the fate of the case. Attributing failure of witnesses to stand by their statements and the facts as the major cause for losing cases, SS Barve, Special IGP, Director MPA Nashik, stressed that the police were now focusing on garnering stronger evidence to strengthen cases in response to a the question on why a number of cases were lost during trial.Other contests tested the canine squad, police videography skills, disciplines of competition presented at the meet included a dog squad competition, presentation, police and videography competition, anti-sabotage checks and computer-awareness including a competition for the canine squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11946269", "title": "ICICI Prudential increases its Fedbank stake", "text": "KOCHI: Prudential Asset Management Singapore , a wholly-owned subsidiary of UK-based Prudential Plc, has increased its stake in Federal Bank by acquiring 214,604 shares, constituting 0.12% of the bank's total shareholding from the secondary market.The acquisition was carried out late on Thursday at an undisclosed price. This raises Prudential Asset's stake in Aluva-based Federal Bank to 5.03% from 4.91% currently. The transaction was carried out through ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, which is Prudential's joint venture in India with ICICI Bank .Federal Bank is largely a foreign-owned bank going by data available with the markets, and hence, the acquisition, though small, assumes significance, said an investment bank manager.While foreign institutions hold 41.19% of the bank's total outstanding shares, corporates hold 14.65%, banks and mutual funds control 12.49%, financial institutions hold 7.15%, overseas corporate bodies own 4.99% and general public holds 16.60%.YES Bank opens branch in state capitalKochi: Private sector YES Bank has opened its second branch in the state after Kochi in Thiruvananthapuram. The branch was inaugurated by state finance minister K M Mani on Friday. He said that Kerala is poised to grow rapidly in all sectors and the presence of a leading bank as growth partner would help the state in its endeavours. YES Bank Group president and head of business development (South) R Ravichander said the bank's customer base is fast growing and new branches are being set up to cater this increasing customer base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943635", "title": "JDA to remove green area from Jawahar Circle", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to get rid of the traffic haphazard at Jawahar Circle, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has decided to remove the green belt area in between the roads and construct a proper six-lane road soon.According to a JDA official, at present there is a six-lane road too, but the green belt in between divides the road into two 3 by 3 lanes creating a confusion. JDA will start work of removing the green belt this week and make it a one wide road.Executive engineer M L Meena said, \"Even after making one way, we see that the number of accidents are on the rise. So, we have decided to remove the green belt and make it a complete six-lane single road. The permission to remove the green belt and replant it again on the sides once the six-lane is complete has been taken from the Jaipur collector.\"JDA officials claim that the circle will be developed on the concept of India Gate in New Delhi allowing fast traffic to flow along with the circle. \"We have identified around six junctions on the circle. On every junction, an island to control traffic and a U-turn will be constructed. Apart from constructing the six-lane road, the authorities have also plans to beautify the circle and make it safe for pedestrians. We are planning lighting on trees and also construct a safe pathway for pedestrians coming daily to the park,\" an official said.After the B2 bypass is open to heavy vehicles, the traffic on the circles has also increased manifold. Many people on this road are also in rush because it also connects the airport. In the current situation, many commuters take U-turns and it becomes risky as on the parallel road, traffic comes from same direction. The residents too agreed that removing the green belt is a wise decision. \"Sometimes, we cannot see which vehicle is coming on other lane. People who are new take u-turn often without looking,\" a nearby resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11943426", "title": "BMTC paints the town red", "text": "BANGALORE: There's a splash of red in town. Crimson red. It's not the Volvo, but the new-generation low-floored, passenger-friendly crimson red BMTC buses that have hit the roads. They are a makeover for the transport corporation and for the city itself. However, the simple blue and white buses will continue to ply.In a first for Bangalore, BMTC has introduced technologically advanced and eco-friendly Bharat Stage four or Euro IV buses for ordinary passengers, painted in crimson red. So far, BS-3 or Euro-3 had been the environmental standard. Paint is not the only distinct feature - the vehicle has an electronic number display in front and on the rear side, making it easy for passengers to identify the route. The lights are brighter inside lending a brighter internal feel, a voice-announcing system, spacious seats and a low floor - all this by paying ordinary bus fare.BMTC technical director S K Paramesh told TOI, \"We have introduced 234 crimson red buses. We chose this colour instead of the Volvo red because it gives the bus a sophisticated look. Our idea was to brighten up bus services as well as the city.\"BMTC has deployed these buses as part of its original plan to introduce 600 buses as replacement for the old, rickety ones. An additional 139 are set to be deployed soon as the transport corporation has March 31 as deadline to introduce 375 buses.\"Passengers have liked the colour and say the bus is noticeable. There is also a positive feedback about seats, lights and LED display boards. For an ordinary service, the comfort level is good,\" says Paramesh. BMTC officials said the engine being BS-4, emission levels are much lower. \"Technology is such that the bus can be adapted even to Euro-5 standards.\"The service is doing well in terms of profitability too. Deployed on some of the main routes such as Shivajinagar, Vijayanagar, Marathahalli, Koramangala and Yelahanka, more and more people are choosing the crimson red over ordinary blue buses for its feel-good factor. More areas will benefit when the next round of 139 buses hits the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945149", "title": "Chief warden, 2 others held for orphanage abuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chief warden, warden and a watchman of Arya Anathalaya were arrested on Saturday, confirming fears that children in the orphanage in Daryaganj were sexually abused by the staff and that complaints were repeatedly ignored by the authorities.Navrattan, 36, the arrested watchman, has been found involved in the alleged rape of an 11-year-old girl who died on December 24 last year. TOI was the first to report that the child had died after being subjected to rape and unnatural sex for several months.\"We have arrested Navrattan under sections 376 and 377 in the girl's case. He was named by two minor girls,\" additional commissioner of police (Central District) Devesh Chandra Srivastava said.A 14-year-old boy was arrested earlier this month for raping and sodomizing the girl in September last year.Chief warden Surender Chauhan, 50, and warden Ramesh Maurya, 40, were arrested for cruelty under section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act in connection with a case of alleged sodomy last year.The nine-year-old victim and his mother had approached Chauhan and Maurya with their complaint but were turned away. The chief warden and warden then thrashed the boy and his younger brother who also lives in the orphanage, sources said.Chief warden Chauhan and warden Maurya have been working at the orphanage for two years now.Two girls in the orphanage told police that Navrattan, who has been working at the orphanage since 1996, caught hold of the 11-year-old in October last year. He reportedly dragged the girl by her hair to a bathroom and sexually abused her. The girl, injured and traumatized, lay near the stairs for almost two and a half hours before one of her friends spotted her and took her away.\"My daughter had seen everything. She saw Navrattan dragging her friend to the bathroom. My daughter had gone to her class after that but when she returned after two and a half hours, she was lying near the stairs and was crying. My daughter gave her support and took her to room. They both lived in same room and studied in class III,\" said the father of one of the girls, who has since left the orphanage. The girl had recorded her statement in front of the magistrate under section 164 of CrPC. \"These kids are going through hell. Let there be a medical examination of every kid there and then see what comes out,\" the girl's father said.Two cases have been registered so far and the Child Welfare Committee, Delhi government and other agencies are conducting independent inquiries into the functioning of the orphanage. Around 1,100 children continue to live in the orphanage, though several have left since the cases of abuse were exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949269", "title": "Let\u2019s say grace", "text": "Does it take just a hashtag for the impeccably mannered to mutate into the boorish? Ayesha Takia and Siddharth Mallya would have us believe so.Last fortnight, gossip galleries were buzzing with news about a Twitter spat between the Bollywood actress and wife to restaurateur Farhan Azmi, and the UB Group heir. He called her 'an actor of some sorts'. She thought he was a 'fat, pompous jack ass sitting on daddy's coattails'. The depreciation that followed Takia's sister experiencing what she terms agony over a cancelled flight on Mallya's airline, was witnessed by not just 1,90,000 + 1,50,000 followers but the whole social networking stratosphere.Takia and Mallya have company. In 2010, actress Sonam Kapoor called writer Shobhaa De a 'fossil' after she labelled one of her films a 'dull.. dud of a movie'. Recently, superstar Shah Rukh Khan's former best pal Farah Khan's husband Shirish Kunder dragged their physical brawl onto the microblogging site, while making digs about Ra.One's box-office failure.On a platform as democratic as Twitter, this is a dangerous trend. Any social medium is governed by norms. The virtual social world, however, is devoid of rules. Experts wonder if that ought to change. It rather not, says journalistturned-writer Samit Basu. \"The very charm of social networking platforms is that they entertain. It's an exciting world with its own set of laws. You can always choose to 'unfollow' or 'block' a person you think offensive.\" Free speech and free listening is what Basu propagates. Each one is allowed to speak his mind, and those privy to the exchange can disconnect at will. The worry? Often, platforms like it are used to play out personal vendetta. With followers spend- ing as long as 15 hours a day on the site, the difference between the virtual and real world is blurring.Besides, being a spectator at a free mudslinging match is irresistible. Nothing gets us more excited than a tamasha. Nothing gets more TRPs than vicarious reality TV.Ten days after vitriol-spouting, Sonam Kapoor tweeted about being \"ashamed for my momentary lapse in judgement,\" highlighting what is the platform's biggest strength and worst drawback - immediacy. Here, reaction can precede thought. Takia's rants were generic, not targeted at Mallya. But he chose to jump in, trashing the most cardinal rule - if a comment is insulting, don't engage in the first place.\"Social networking platforms are twoway mediums. And the thing about celebrities is that they have more followers than regular Joes. They also tend to use these sites as a broadcast medium. When a brand image is hurt, like in this case, people can get emotional,\" says Twitter enthusiast and actress Gul Panag . De says she pays zero attention to venom. \"I use Twitter judiciously to make a pertinent comment on social or political issues.\"It's impossible, users argue, to be prudent at all times. A large part of the virtual medium's success lies in the liberty it offers to stretch boundaries. But who decides how much is too much? Author, marketing guru and social commentator Suhel Seth follows a simple rule -\"Don't respond to provocation or any statement after you are three drinks down, or post 11 pm, when your nerves are wrought with tension, and you are ready to crash.\"Celebrities have it extra hard. They have to live up to being role models, even if they aren't. With millions of youngsters looking at social networking platforms for their daily dose of wisdom and entertainment , it's possible that they will pick up a few celebrity Twitter traits. Author Chetan Bhagat says there exists no Best Practices Manual for Facebook and Twitter. \"If something like this (spat) happens, it's best to apologise on the same platform. That too will reach out to as many people.\"Mallya's father, Dr Vijay Mallya , did in fact, personally apologise to Takia over Twitter. If he hadn't, she could have simply chosen never to fly or drink Kingfisher, and remember Rule No. 20 from Sports Business reporter Darren Rovel's The 100 Twitter Rules to Live By list: Just because you are getting slammed doesn't mean you should blame Twitter. Learn to absorb the hate and get a thicker skin, it's useful in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943932", "title": "Man reverses truck over teen sleeping on road", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenaged boy sleeping on a road outside a hut in south Mumbai died on Friday after a truck driver reversed his container truck over him. The driver has been arrested for rash and negligent driving and culpable homicide not amounting to murder.The deceased, Shamim Ansari (15), was a resident of Govandi. The incident took place early on Friday morning on Solapur Street in Dongri when the victim was sleeping on the road outside his cousin's hutment. The driver of the container, Sureshkumar Rajput (45), had parked his truck next to the chawl and was sleeping inside it. At 6.30am, Rajput reversed the truck and ran over Ansari in the process.Eyewitnesses claimed Ansari's skull had been crushed on impact and that he died on the spot. \"I kept screaming for help, but by the time the ambulance got here, the damage had already been done. He had no chance of survival,\" said Ansari's aunt, Kausar.Ansari worked as a daily wage labourer with a catering company and stayed in Govandi with his sister's family. On Thursday he came to Dongri to visit his cousin, Mohammed Murtuzza Ansari (22). \"There isn't much space inside our hut, so some people have to sleep outside. The police blame us for such accidents as we have to sleep on the road, but where else can we go,\" said Kausar.\"We have arrested the driver and he has been remanded in police custody by the court. The boy was bleeding profusely when he was taken to JJ Hospital and was declared dead on arrival. The medical reports of the driver show he wasn't drinking. We will conduct an investigation to determine if he was at fault,\" said V Mukhne, senior police inspector, Dongri police station.A woman and her three children were crushed to death under a truck in Byculla in November. The victims were sleeping on the road outside their shanty when they were run over in the wee hours of the morning. The driver was arrested and is currently in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946268", "title": "No lip-stick in Seelampur", "text": "If your daughters are going to coed schools or wearing Western clothes, then it is a very dangerous sign.\" The fairly straight, no-frills lecture blared out of a loudspeaker on a mildly cold winter day as the ominous words wafted through an impoverished locality characterised by potholes, broken footpaths, garbage dumps and naked wires dangling from electric poles. But, wait, where was this coming from? Afghanistan? Saudi Arabia?Startling as it may seem, it was Seelampur, in the heart of Delhi. \"It is uncomfortable and embarassing,\" says Habiba Rasheedi, a 20-something marketing executive who lives in the colony. \"Such announcements can be heard in almost all Muslimconcentrated localities. From asking girls to be married at a young age, cautions against applying nail paint, lipstick, and wearing bindis, the warnings cross absurd limits. In the end, though, it makes it difficult for young Muslim girls and women to step out of the house.\"It doesn't stop there. Besides the announcements, printing and distributing of books listing similar fatuousness is also prevalent, usually by maulvis preaching along the lines of the Taliban. Of course, activists like Mumbai-based Asghar Ali Engineer are struggling to clear the mist, but it isn't easy. He says, \"What all is being taught in the name of religion are only cultural practices. Nothing like this is written in the Quran. Therefore, it is essential to take workshop of these maulvis as well to create awareness\"\"Things changed for all Muslims across the world post 9/11,\" says Juhi Irfan, a B Com student. \"We were told the world outside is unsafe for us. But it is worse in certain quarters, like here. The distance between Seelampur metro station and my house is about 20 minutes. But it might as well have been 20 years. Be it within the walls or outside, Muslim women are under cultural and moral scrutiny.\" But all that might just be changing. The women, mostly young and frustrated with medieval diktats, have now begun to openly challenge what one of them calls the \"perverse expectations of people caught in a time warp\". There is a quiet, seething rebellion in the ghettos and Naish Hasan, founder member of Bhartiya Muslim Mahila Andolan, Lucknow, says the girls won't take it anymore.Last year, a group of women thrashed a maulana and madarsa employees for endorsing one-sided talaq in Lucknow. \"It's a classic example of women standing up for themselves,\" Hasan says. \"Women who are ignorant and uneducated may not be able to confront the maulvis, but they, too, are steering away from such ideas and refusing to get influenced. It would help, though, to have the maulvis monitored. The state should ban groups of such selfproclaimed torchbearers of religion who are only harming the mobility and freedom of Muslim women.\" Educated and aspiring women like Juhi have reason to feel angry. Data from the National Sample Survey Organisation shows that barely 3.6 % of Muslims are graduates. The Sachar Committee Report-2006 says that women wearing burkha find it difficult to get work in corporate offices. Poverty and the community's inability to see education translating into formal employment has further resulted in countless children being pulled away from schools. Girls, especially, are put to work to earn extra income. \"Many self-employed Muslim women work in poor conditions with almost no security benefits and health insurance,\" says Seema Biswas, associate professor, department of Islamic History and Culture, University of Calcutta.In such a scenario, it was obvious that women would stop to say \"enough\". That's exactly what software developer Sadiya Khan did. She was shopping with a friend in Old Delhi when a young maulvi asked - with a straight face - her friend to take off her sunglasses. He was offended when they burst out laughing at the reprimand. Then Sadiya did something she had been meaning to do. She called the cops.Fatwa SpecialIn 2008, the Muslim Fatwa Council in Malaysia issued a fatwa cautioning girls against behaving like tomboysIn December, an Islamic cleric in Europe issued a ban on women touching fruits and vegetables like cucumbers and bananas, as \"they were shaped like the male organ and could arouse sexual thoughts\"An internet forum, Multaqa Ahl al Hadeeth, in 2007 proposed a ban on chat emoticons, saying \"a woman should not use them when speaking to a man who isn't her mahram (close male kin).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945335", "title": "Tractor driver dies in mishap", "text": "PATNA: A tractor driver was killed on the spot while the cleaner sustained injuries when the tractor overturned at Sahpur bridge under Sahpur police station in Patna district on Saturday.Police said the tractor overturned while on way to load sand at Sahpur, resulting in driver Anil Kumar Vishwakarma's death on the spot. The injured cleaner, Ravi Kumar, has been admitted to Danapur Sadar hospital.Contractor missing: A sand contractor, Ravindra Kumar, went missing on Thursday after he visited Jafarpur village under Akilpur police station in Patna district. Police said that Kumar, who resides near Veterinary College under Airport police station in Patna, had gone to unload cement at Jafarpur on his bike on Thursday. On return, the police said, he parked his motorcycle at a garage at Shastrinagar and disappeared. Kumar's family members have lodged a missing complaint with the police station concerned in this connection, police said.Man arrested: The Kotwali police on Saturday arrested one Babu Dhan Kumar Singh of Rohtas district while trying to open an account in a private bank on Fraser Road with fake address proof.Kotwali SHO Aman Kumar said Babu produced a fake voter identity card with his address in Mainpura under Patliputra police station. He said that bank officials grew suspicious and informed the local police about it, which reached the private bank and arrested him. The police are investigating his antecedents, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "etah", "code": "11944750", "title": "Street play held to encourage voters", "text": "ETAH: A social organisation, Lakshya, staged a street play at collectorate on Friday to raise awareness about the significance of voting. Through their play, the volunteers of the NGO urged people to vote for the right candidates for bringing development in the area. Earlier, the NGO staged similar street plays at GPO, Jawahar Lal Nehru PG College, roadways bus stand, and near railway station.Additional district magistrate (finance) and election officer Jayant Dixit said on this occasion that district administration is also conducting voter awareness camps and programmes.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11951268", "title": "A rare black hole that survived galaxy destruction", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers have spotted a rare mid-weight black hole some 290 million light-years from Earth which they say offers clues about a now-destroyed galaxy that may once have existed around it.Researchers at the Sydney Institute for Astronomy in Australia who spotted the black hole using the Hubble Space Telescope think the dwarf galaxy was torn apart by the gravity of a larger host galaxy that it orbited.The violent encounter, they believe, would have stripped away most of the dwarf galaxy's stars, but it also could have compressed the gas around its central black hole, triggering a new wave of star formation, LiveScience reported.It is these new stars that Hubble recently saw signs of. And the observations suggest that the young stars must be less than 200 million years old, the researchers said.It means the collision between the parent galaxy and its dwarf likely occurred around that time, they added.\"The fact that there's a very young cluster of stars indicates that the intermediate-mass black hole may have originated as the central black hole in a very low-mass dwarf galaxy. The dwarf galaxy was then swallowed by the more massive galaxy,\" lead researcher Sean Farrell said.Besides revealing clues about the lost galaxy, the black hole itself, called HLX-1 (Hyper-Luminous X-ray source 1), is scientifically interesting, the researchers reported in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.The black hole, which contains the mass of about 20,000 Suns, was spotted, was earlier thought to be representing a class of middle-weight black holes that are the building blocks for the supermassive black holes lurking at the centre of most large galaxies, including our own Milky Way.\"This black hole is unique... Its rarity suggests that these black holes are only visible for a short time,\" Mathieu Servillat, another researcher who conducted his work at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in the US, said.By studying this rare middleweight black hole, the researchers hope to learn more about how they, and their larger supermassive brethren, form, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944436", "title": "Ahmediyas to lose properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an unusual move, the Wakf Board decided on February 18 to write to the government to hand over Ahmediya properties in their possession to the endowments department. This is the first time the board has decided to transfer the custody of places of worship to another government entity since its inception. The board also decided to take over the disputed mosque in Falaknuma from members of the Ahmediya community which it claims belongs to the board.Eight Ahmediya mosques with the board will be given to the endowments department. Chairman of Wakf Board Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani said, \"We have unanimously decided to give possession of three mosques in Hyderabad, three mosques in Mahboobnagar and two in Khammam to the endowments department. Also, we intend to take possession of the masjid and graveyard near the Falaknuma railway station currently with the Ahmediyas through legal course.\" Sources from the board claim that gazetted records are available with them to prove that the mosque belong to the board and is in fact a Sunni masjid.Sources from the Wakf Board say that the spirit of the decision comes from the fact that the Ahmediyas do not follow the Quran and are not permitted in Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj. Therefore, the decision to transfer properties to the endowments department was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945348", "title": "Ship GPS holds key to Italians' trial in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The GPS ( global positioning system), the space-based satellite navigation system, on board Italian tanker Enrica Lexie holds the key to determine whether six Italian naval personnel could be prosecuted in Indian courts or it should be left to Rome to act against them.The Enrica Lexie's security, which killed the two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast on Wednesday with the mistaken belief that they were pirates, can be prosecuted under the Indian Penal Code only if the incident occurred in Indian territorial waters. Indian laws are enforceable upto 12 nautical miles from the shoreline. But with indications that the shooting may have taken place in international waters, the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea comes into play. \"Under it, the accused can only be tried in Italian courts, and that too only if the Italian government wants it,'' said an official.Indian authorities are in a fix over this jurisdiction problem since preliminary probe shows Enrica Lexie was 18-20 nautical miles from Indian shores during the incident. Hence in effect, Enrica Lexie was in international waters, even though in the Indian Exclusive Economic Zone that stretches up to 200 nautical miles from the coast. The shooting has led to frayed tempers in Kerala. All parties have condemned the incident, and CM Oomen Chandy has said that culprits would be brought before the law with the police registering cases.An official said, \"Access to the tanker's GPS and records is required to conclusively pinpoint the exact route it was taking on the high seas.'' The AIS (automatic identification system), the tracking system used on ships to locate each other as well as exchange data with shore-based maritime authorities, can also be used to determine Enrica Lexie's route. India is angry that Enrica Lexie did not follow the laid-down international protocol, or \"best management practices'' and \"standard operating procedures'', by directly opening fire at the fishermen. Instead, the tanker should have first activated the emergency communication plan and issued distress calls on the open VHF Channel 16 or Channel 08, which would have been picked up by Indian warships and others.The next stage of \"passive measures'' would have involved evasive manoeuvring, use of water cannons and warning shots. But Enrica Lexie apparently resorted to the \"active measure of shoot-to-kill'' at the first instance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11943607", "title": "Desert weddings rage among couples", "text": "JAISALMER: Move over desert safaris and night camps in the desert. Getting hitched in the middle of the desert is now the 'in' thing. From riding an SUV on the dunes before tying the knot, ferrying the bride and groom on a hot air balloon, or simply setting up the 'mandap' on the desert, Jaisalmer is turning into a wedding destination for 'hatke' couples.Ratan Lal Maheshwari, a resident of Jaisalmer, got his son and daughter-in-law flown to the marriage venue on a hot air balloon. Maheshwari hired a Delhi-based agency for the arrangement. The breath-taking but unique sight of the couple descending from a balloon at the venue had thousands of onlookers struck with wonder and awe.\"I wanted to do something unique for my son's marriage. It was then that a friend of mine suggested that we get the couple to the venue on a hot air balloon,\" said Maheshwari, whose son tied the knot on February 5.The trend of desert wedding is fast gaining popularity among the NRIs.Khamesar Bhai, an NRI from Gujarat was adamant to get his son married in the desert region. He had heard about the Rajasthani culture and wanted his son to get married as per the traditional customs.After speaking with a five-star hotel, Khamesar zeroed in on Sam sand dunes for the wedding. The 'mandap' was decorated with 10,000 candles and the marriage procession was taken out on a camel caravan. The ring ceremony took place on the sand dunes during sunset. The couple reached the wedding venue in Lakhmana area in an adventure car. The festivities followed the next day, and included a host of events such as kite flying, horse riding.Like Khamesar Bhai, Mumbai-resident Rasik Lal Jain too had organized a lavish wedding for his son on the sand dunes of Sam in January. According to a local estimate, the desert district has already witnessed 10-12 similar weddings this year. And, the numbers are going to swell in the coming months.\"People are smitten by Rajasthani folk art and culture, and that is why, they are willing to come down from various parts of the world to get married in desert. Also, such weddings score high on the uniqueness factor,\" said Manvendra Singh , managing director of a five-star hotel in Jaisalmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11946631", "title": "Mehak, Hardik are prize-winning painters", "text": "LUDHIANA: A drawing competition for kids of BRS Nagar was organized on Saturday. The competition was held in two categories - below 8 years and between 8 and 14 years.The event was held at a bank in BRS Nagar and there was enthusiastic participation as children and their parents enjoyed every moment of it. Prizes were distributed to the winners. Branch manager Rajat Thapar of Dugri said to promote hobbies and skills of the younger generation, they organized this competition.The winners: Below 8 years: 1: Mehak; 2: Aarav Gupta; 3: Avleen Kaur; Between 8 and 14 years: 1: Hardik Arora; 2: Aakriti Bansal; 3: Kritika Arora; Consolation prize: Prabhsimar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943648", "title": "They have scripted a real story in hope", "text": "BHOPAL: Not long ago, a community hall at Indira Nagar was a safe haven for tipsy, gamblers and vagrants. But a band of determined teenagers of the area changed all that by scripting a story in hope. Some 30-odd youngsters from the same area came together a year ago or thereabouts to put the hall to good use by holding classes for school dropouts and rag pickers. In the process, they succeeded into giving a sense of purpose to some 25 children of the deprived class.Every evening, kids, youths from the area and nearby slums gather here to study, have some fun and discuss problems plaguing their areas.In 2008, boys and girls from the slum-dominated area formed Badal group with one boy of 18 years of age being the eldest member. Initially, they roped in children of their age to do their bit to maintain cleanliness in the area. Later, they realized that kids from the areas were losing out on something vital-education. Naturally, contacting parents of drop-outs to re-admit their wards was the next logical step.Says 18-year-old secretary Daulat Bose, \"In the past three years, we have created awareness among the parents about the importance of education. We have also set up a library where books related to poems, stories and photographs apart from course material can be easily found. We had chipped in money to start a gym as well.\"The group did not stop at that. They started a wall newspaper 'Basti ki chitthi'. Through this, they strive to drive home importance of cleanliness and stamping out bad practices.\"Initially, no one took us seriously. But gradually our efforts started paying off. Through our 'wall newspaper,' which we paste on schools' notice boards, anganwadis and other major locations of Indira Nagar, we succeeded in getting dustbins for the area and improve basic facilities in schools,\" said 18-year-old Rakesh Hirve. Two years ago, they managed to get child marriages cancelled in Krishna Nagar. The group hold meeting every fortnight without fail. From their pocket money, they save money to organize awareness programmes which include rallies, street-plays and cleanliness drives. Many times they even volunteer to teach kids by visiting their homes. Through 'halla-bol' and 'thali-chammach rally\" in the past, they successfully highlighted the plight of their poor friends. A four-member team from the group had also attended the Asian Youth Festival in Kolkata recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11946652", "title": "India's biggest blast furnace to go on steam at Rourkela soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: India's biggest blast furnace will go on steam at the Rourkela Steel Plant in Odisha soon, said Steel Authority of India (SAIL) chairman Chandra Sekhar Verma here on Saturday.Verma, who was here to hold discussions with chief minister Naveen Patnaik on certain issues relating to SAIL's iron ore mines at Bolani in Keonjhar and Barsuan-Kalta in Sundargarh, told mediapersons that RSP's modernization and expansion work would be over by June-July. \"We are investing around Rs 12,000 cr at RSP. The steel capacity will go up to 4.5 to 5million tonne per annum (MTPA),\" he said. \"The country's biggest blast furnace with a capacity of 4,060 cubic metre will be functional at RSP in June-July this year,\" he added. RSP's existing capacity is around 2.2 MTPA. On SAIL's proposed joint venture with South Korean steel company Posco, Verma said, \"You will get good news about it very soon.\" Describing the talks with Posco as \"positive\", he said the two parties had arrived at a consensus on various issues pertaining to the proposed three MTPA steel units at Bokaro in Jharkhand. Sources said the proposed joint venture had been hanging fire for the past two years because of differences over sharing of Posco's Finex technology for steel making with SAIL.The sources said Verma discussed with Naveen about Bolani iron ore mines, where the state government stopped operations recently after the three-month temporary working permit given to SAIL expired on February 11.\"The Union ministry for environment and forests (MoEF) is yet to give its clearance for the Bolani mines,\" a senior officer disclosed. The one-year temporary permit for SAIL's Barsuan-Kalta mines will expire in March and the MoEF is yet to give its nod for extension of lease, the sources added.Verma sought Naveen's cooperation is getting the clearances for these two mines, which are the lifelines for RSP. \"The state government has taken up the matter with the Union ministry for extension of the forest clearance. It has got delayed due to holidays. We hope the matter will be sorted out soon,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945754", "title": "Will leaders fulfill promises this time?", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi, like other districts, also witnessed a significant increase in poll percentage in these assembly elections. The increasing percentage of polling may be taken as an indicator of high expectations of people from leaders or political parties to whom they have given their votes.Though, which political party forms the government in the state would be clear only after the completion of poll process and declaration of results, the question now is can the district dream of betterment in the new regime?\"We can just hope for something better, but we don't know what is in store for us. It is very unfortunate and sad that development is not the real agenda of any political party. Their (political parties') politics revolves mainly around the caste equation, just to win the elections,\" said RK Chowdhary, an industrialist and president of Ramnagar Industrial Association. \"The increasing voting is a healthy and encouraging sign for our democratic set up, but we are disappointed in political parties and leaders,\" he claimed, adding that issues included in their election manifestos were not being translated into reality.In every election, whether assembly or parliamentary, all political parties have common issues like development, employment, social justice, health, education and so forth. \"The state and the nation would become heaven if those promises are fulfilled sincerely,\" said Brajesh Pandey, a teacher at Agrasen Girls PG College. \"Let us hope that a sense of sincerity and honesty prevails among our leaders this time,\" he hoped. According to Chowdhary, the apathetic attitude of the ruling political parties had led to the exodus of industries from Varanasi. \"Many industrialists shifted to other states like Bihar and Madhya Pradesh due to poor infrastructure and want of other required facilities,\" he said.The government records suggest that during eighties, the major thrust was on industrial development of the city when a number of industrial units had shown an upward trend. However, the late eighties and early nineties were the era of significant downfall of industrial development of the city. Presently, it is the household sector, the informal sector that accounts for over a third of the total industrial workforce of the city. According to the city development plan report of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, Varanasi does not show signs of a matured economy. It has been primarily dominated by the small-scale industries sector and household industries.The traditional industry of silk sari will tend to become sick and the city will lag within the region if investment in the power and the registered manufacturing sector does not pour in. The city is known for its silk industry, but today it is also in turmoil. The dependence on informal sector for the industrial development has led to an overall stagnation of the secondary sector.The preponderance of the informal economy makes Varanasi distinct. However, Varanasi's informal economy has not developed in relation to, or as an adjunct to, large industrial centres, making complimentarily between formal and informal sectors hazy. Cottage industries along with small-scale industries form an important base for rethe economy of the city. Over the past decade, the industrial development has shown a declining graph, due to the very fact that there is declining share of land for industrial development.According to the report, a major emphasis was given in the Master Plan 1991 to promote the industrial area in Varanasi but since the industrial base in the city could not be developed as expected, the area allocation under the Master Plan 2011 for industrial use had been reduced significantly. While provision for absolute area has gone down from 981.37 hectares to 656.19 hectares, the share of industries has declined from 6.77% to 4.52%. However, the Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) continues to be a major industry in the city.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11944181", "title": "Impact fees to kick in from Feb 20", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government on Saturday ordered the start of the regularization process of around 15 lakh illegal structures across urban Gujarat by fixing separate impact fees for residential and commercial purposes, effective from February 20. Different rates have been fixed as impact fees for regularizing ground coverage that exceeds the permissible limit and the built-up area which exceeds the allowed limit of a flat. Also, fees will be different for buildings whose height is beyond what is allowed, and for the structures which have not kept the required parking space.The fees will be a certain percentage of the jantri rates, as they prevailed before March 31, 2011, assessed on the basis of the value of the real estate property rates prevailing in 2006. \"Obviously, the burden on the common people for paying the impact fee will not be high,\" a senior official said. Much higher jantri rates -almost double - were implemented in April 2011.A revised version of the impact fee law - Gujarat Regularisation of Unauthorised Development Act -was passed by the state assembly in September 2011 after noting the objections from Gujarat governor Dr Kamala. But the Gujarat government failed to implement it because of sharp differences between the state urban development and revenue departments on how to regularize buildings built on plots with doubtful titles.The urban development department argued that the plots of land of all buildings should also be regularized, whether they were built with or without on any clear titles. The revenue department disagreed.Finally, a recent Gujarat high court order, asking the government to begin implementing the law by February 20, clinched the issue, forcing the state government to act. As many as three notifications were issued on Saturday. One put the Act into force on February 20; the second was on laying down the procedure under which applicants will have to apply for regularizing their structures over the next six months, with the state government being given 18 months examine the applications, take impact fee and regularize these structures. The third one was on the exact amount to be charged as impact fees.The Gujarat government simultaneously decided to set aside the need to regularize land titles to a later date, even as allowing regularization of the structures built on them.\"There are around 50 per cent illegal structures which have been built on lands for which no non-agricultural (NA) permission has been taken,\" a senior official told TOI on the condition of anonymity. \"We have decided to regularize the structures. District collectors will be informed about the structures that have been regularized for going ahead with further action on NA. Even if no NA has been granted, once regularized, the structures can be freely sold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "11945201", "title": "When the going got tough", "text": "ALDONA: As the state disaster management authority failed on Saturday afternoon, the villagers of Aldona and Calvim played a major role in trying to save the lives of those trapped in the mini bus which had fallen into the Calvim River.\"The disaster management authority has failed. We will inquire into the incident. I cannot make any more comments,\" chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava told reporters as he witnessed the rescue operations.The sound of sirens from police jeeps, ambulances and the fire brigade, blaring through the streets of Aldona saw people drop their tasks at hand, shopkeepers down their shutters at the village 'tinto', and rush towards the Lankdem ferry point.The Coast Guard helicopter which arrived at the scene brought short-lived relief. \"When the diver came rapelling down a rope into the water, we thought help was at hand. But, we were shocked when he swam to the shore, had discussions with officials and left. Apparently, he had not brought his oxygen tank along for diving. By the time the helicopter returned with fully-equipped divers, a lot of crucial time was already lost,\" said a woman, who refused to give her name but told STOI that she was an aunt of one of the victims, Negal Gracias.\"The government has failed us miserably. You mean to say we don't have good swimmers? I think they should come to Calvim. Our boys are good swimmers and will pass all the tests. It is my husband who retrieved one of the bodies. Our chief minister is not fit to sit in that position. Where is your disaster management plan?\" asked the woman.\"We were wondering if we were watching a mock drill when the first diver arrived without an oxygen tank, returned back to the helicopter and left,\" added local Oldrin Pereira.The villagers arranged for a rope, tied it to the bus and fastened the other end to a water fixture of the fire tender. Before they could begin to haul the bus out of the water, a fire brigade official halted them and said that the water fixture would break. He was rudely told by the locals that the water fixture could break, but they would continue with their job. Instead, the rope broke and the officials arranged for a cable used by the traffic police to tow vehicles. The cable snapped too.Earlier, tempers rose high between the fire brigade personnel and the locals. \"The fire brigade personnel arrived and started watching the scene. Some angry locals threw off the yellow hats worn by the fire brigade personnel and demanded that they step into the water,\" said a local.Initially, locals allege, that even police were hesitant to step into the water. \"A teacher who was present at the scene went over to the collector and handed him the phone number of a private crane operator. The government came totally unprepared,\" a local said.During the rescue operation, a Navy diver received an injury on his foot. But, there was no first aid at hand and he had to sit out for the remainder of the operation with a handkerchief tied to his toes to stop the bleeding. Locals were furious and pointed out to reporters that this was another indicator of how ill-prepared the government was to handle such a situation.Tensions were so high at one point that lifeguards sent by Drishti Special Response Services were abused. \"Our personnel were there to help. Swift water rescue is not part of their training, but they were abused by the people. I guess people thought they were part of the administration, but our lifeguards are certainly demoralized by the incident,\" a senior DSRS official told STOI later.\"This is a freak accident that took place. The response was there, but the nature of the incident was unfortunate,\" said North Goa disaster management chief and North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan.\"The police had arrived immediately, but a crane had to be brought to pull the bus out. Since the people were trapped in the bus, divers were required,\" he said, adding that an inquiry would be conducted and strengthening of the disaster management in the state will be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11946474", "title": "\u2018Biofuel info centres in all districts soon\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: \"In six months time, all the districts in Karnataka will have Biofuel Information and Demonstration Centre,\" said YB Ramakrishna, executive chairman, Karnataka State Bio Fuel Development Board, Bangalore.Delivering keynote address in an interaction programme on 'Blending Bio-Diesel for backup generators used in buildings' conducted by Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board in association with Biofuel Information and Demonstration Centre, Mysore at NIE CREST here on Saturday, he said, \"Soon ground vehicles at the Bangalore International Airport vehicles will start using Biodiesel. All the vehicles will have 10 per cent of biodiesel. The official inauguration of the initiative will be held on February 22. A recommendation will be sent to government to remove VAT on Biodiesel.\"Already the Biofuel Information and Demonstration Centre is established in 16 different districts and by June this year all the districts will be having this centre, pointed Ramakrishna during his keynote address in the interaction program.Lakshmi Narayan, treasurer, National Institute of Engineering, who prisided over the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11951607", "title": "HC reduces life term of man who killed wife for not cooking", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has reduced the life sentence awarded to a man, who killed his wife for not cooking food for him, to ten years in jail saying the crime was not pre-planned.The court, in the ruling last week, observed that the murder was over a \"petty reason and not pre-planned\" and Kamlya Waghmare cannot be held guilty under section 302 of IPC for murder, but only under section 304 for culpable homicide.Waghmare was sentenced to life imprisonment by the session's court in September 2007 for murdering his wife Tara on March 14, 2006.What prompted him to commit the murder was her refusal to cook for him.The division bench of justices A P Lavande and S P Davare, which heard Waghmare's appeal, observed, \"The accused did not intend to commit murder of his wife but intended to cause injuries to her which was likely to cause her death. The accused assaulted his wife for a petty reason that she did not cook food for him. The assault was not pre-planned.\"The bench sentenced him to ten years in jail for culpable homicide.The only evidence against him was the confession he had made before four witnesses - his relatives - about the murder when the latter visited Waghmare's house and found Tara lying dead with he sitting by her side.The High Court said there was no reason not to believe the witnesses' account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11947769", "title": "Farah Khan's surprise b'day bash for Sajid Nadiadwala", "text": "As producer Sajid Nadiadwala turned a year older on Saturday his birthday was brought in by a 'surprise' dinner party hosted at his mooh-boli(foster) sister Farah Khan's posh new residence.At least, Sajid claims it was a surprise party. Farah on the other hand lets the cat out of the bag when she says Sajid knew about it.Says Farah affectionately, \"It was hardly a surprise.I think he knew something was cooking. It was a dinner for the cast of Housefull 2. They had wrapped up the shooting for the day and then headed to my house for the dinner for Sajid.\"It was a rare sight to see three generations of stars-Randhir-Rishi, Akshay Kumar , John-Asin-Riteish-celebrating their producer's birthday.Says Sajid, \"It was a memorable evening.It's at times like these that I feel I've earned something valuable from the industry. Farah is very special and she made sure the evening was special.Her brother looks after the Housefull franchise for our production house.\"Adds Farah, \"It was a very casual dinner.It been almost 17 years since I know him.We've had our share of ups and downs. But he's been a brother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946011", "title": "Man accused of assault", "text": "A case has been registered with the Nashik Road police regarding a person being beaten up with a wooden planc and getting grievously injured.Raju Gangurde has claimed that the accused, Sagar Kamble, a resident of Sinnar Phata like him, first kicked the wall of his tin-shed house, which resulted in utensils falling to the floor and breaking. When Raju questioned Sagar, the latter hit the former with a wooden plank, injuring him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943748", "title": "Now, NCP eyes Pune Lok Sabha seat", "text": "PUNE: After emerging as the single largest party in the Pune Municipal Corporation and gaining a clear majority to retain the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation for the third consecutive term, the Nationalist Congress Party is now eyeing the Pune Lok Sabha constituency for the elections to be held in 2014.\"We want to represent the Pune Lok Sabha constituency. In fact, it has been on our agenda since 2007 civic elections, when MP Suresh Kalmadi lost ground. Moreover, the Kalmadi factor is out of picture now and the Congress ravaged in Pune. Also, the NCP has grown stronger in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad,\" said a senior NCP leader who requested anonymity.\"Most of the Congress corporators in the PMC today are Kalmadi's supporters. We don't want to ruffle their feathers by officially claiming stake to the Pune Lok Sabha seat as we need their support in the corporation,\" he said.The district, which is Sharad Pawar's home ground, has 21 assembly constituencies (18 in 2004). The NCP has seven seats, the Congress and the BJP four each, followed by the Shiv Sena and independents with three seats each. The BJP-Sena alliance, which has been for long wanting to dent Pawar's bastion, now has the same number of assembly seats as the NCP.In Pune city, where Ajit Pawar is aiming for a total control, five of the eight assembly seats are with the BJP-Sena, two are with the Congress, while the NCP has only one seat. \"It is a challenge for the NCP to curb the Sena-BJP's rise in the district. Once the party gets the Pune Lok Sabha seat, the region will be under its control,\" said another NCP leader.Pawar's traditional Baramati Lok Sabha constituency is surrounded by his opponents. Five of the six assembly constituencies that make up Baramati Lok Sabha seat have anti-Pawar MLAs. Congress MLAs Harshwardhan Patil and Sangram Thopte represent Indapur and Bhor assembly constituencies. Purandar constituency is represented by Vijay Shivtare (Sena), Daund by Ramesh Thorat (independent) and Khadakwasla by Bhimrao Tapkir of the BJP. Ajit Pawar holds the Baramati seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945821", "title": "Education department struggling to complete syllabus", "text": "VARANASI: The district education department felt relieved after the voting for assembly election concluded peacefully in the district recently. However, now the pressure is again mounting on the department to complete the syllabus of government primary and upper primary schools.A number of government primary and upper primary school teachers were engaged in the election duty, due to which, teaching work suffered the most in the first two weeks of February.And now festivals like Maha Shivratri and Holi are going to be celebrated in the coming days, which means lesser days to complete the syllabus. Radhe Mohan Mishra, principal, government primary school in Matrimutt (Sonarpura) area of the city, said on Saturday, \"A lot of work is needed to be done to complete the course but the momentum is missing due to ongoing election and festive season.Hopefully, the studies would gather momentum after Holi festival. We don't have much time as the examinations would be held in April.\" It may be mentioned here that the studies in government primary and upper primary schools have been hampered since the notification of UP assembly election. While anumber of teachers were engaged for election duty, the rigorous training of booth-level officers (BLOs) and the urgency of providing election photo identity cards (EPIC) to all voters whose names were included in the voter list also hampered the teaching work for nearly one and a half months. Basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) Suryabhan said, \"The election timings have affected the teaching work in government schools. The timing of BLO training was also kept at a time when the school timings were over. Now, we are going all out to intensify teaching work so that the syllabus gets completed in the stipulated time (in the month of March).\"As per reports from the BSA office, over 75% of the 1,032 government primary schools and 352 upper primary schools falling in the rural belts were made polling centres while more than 50% of government teachers were engaged in election duties during the third phase of polling that was completed on February 15. It is also worth mentioning that apart from the election duty, tasks like Census work, Bal-Ganana (identifying children in the age group of 6-14 years) and making them enroll in schools for three months (June to August), also disturbed the teaching work in the current academic session (2011-12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945991", "title": "No medical check-up of orphanage kids yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The administrator appointed by the lieutenant-governor, Tejendra Khanna, for Arya Anathalaya in Daryaganj had decided on Wednesday that the 1,000 children must be examined medically within a week. The idea was to prevent any further abuse and rule out chances of any victim of abuse going unattended. But even as Delhi Police finally made arrests on Saturday, there was no sign of a medical team visiting the institution. Monday being a government holiday, there won't be any development before Tuesday.On Thursday, TOI had given a glimpse of the overcrowding and mismanagement at the institution after it managed to gain access. The administrator had issued an office memorandum to the orphanage on Wednesday laying down a code of conduct and asked for the medical examination. However, lack of coordination between the department of women and child welfare and the department of health has stalled the plan.After the administrator PP Dhal, a joint director with the women and child department, issued the order, the orphanage wrote a letter to the health minister, AK Walia, seeking the services of the department to examine all children under the school health scheme. However, the department seems to have forgotten to coordinate with the health department.Health minister Walia said he had received the letter from the orphanage trust but had no idea what kind of check-ups were being sought. \"I will look into it on Tuesday,\" he said. Women and child development minister Kiran Walia told TOI: \"I have discussed the matter with the health department and we will write a formal letter to them on Tuesday so that they can arrange for the check-ups.\"She said counsellors have started visiting the orphanage and the members of the child welfare committee will be speaking to each child.CWC chairperson Sushma Vij, who visited the orphanage on Thursday, said they were working on an action plan to ensure that the institution is managed well. \"Decongesting the premises is critical. The institution is not equipped to handle 1,000 plus children.\"Meanwhile, Kiran Walia has attacked the Arya Anathalaya management for communalizing and politicizing the attempt by the authorities and an NGO to bring out cases of abuse in the institution. In a political attack, she mentioned the BJP and the orphanage in the same breath.Walia was addressing a Congress workers' meeting in Babarpur. Senior Congress leaders, including AICC general secretary Chaudhary Birender Singh and DPCC president and northeast Delhi MP JP Aggarwal, were present at the meeting that was attended by a large number of workers.Walia said the BJP was responsible for the poor functioning of MCD and that the BJP's men who run orphanages were not sparing any opportunity to communalise an issue like child abuse. Last week, orphanage chairman Viresh Pratap Chaudhary had denied allegations of abuse aggressively before the media, alleging that they were being targeted by communal forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11944858", "title": "Animal laws fawn over \u2018murderer\u2019 dogs", "text": "Had the resident leopard bitten off the sambhar fawn's neck, nature's court would not have charged the big cat with homicide. But here in the lush jungles that wedge in Siswan dam, a pack of stray dogs were prevented from adding another innocent to their serial murders across the Lower Shiwalik foothills. These are lean and mean unnatural predators and animal welfare laws literally fawn over dogs.Accompanied by photojournalist Gautam Singh, this correspondent had taken a rugged trail deep into the Siswan jungles. At high noon, as we returned to the dam's waters, a grim drama was unfolding. A fawn, which had come to drink water, had been separated from its mama by three dogs. We had seen these dogs earlier indulging in the socializing rituals before a hunt. The fawn was at the water's edge, where the dogs were somewhat uncomfortable in pursuing it.Cunning as canines are, the pack withdrew. The inexperienced fawn made a dash for the seeming safety of the jungle only to find dogs lying in wait. Making a U-turn, the fawn plunged into water. Sensing their victim was escaping, two dogs followed while the third circled ahead to cut off an escape route into jungle. The fawn swam desperately but one dog managed to catch its ear and its teeth locked in hard. The most piteous cries, not unlike that of a pup whose leg is trapped under a car wheel, emanated from the fawn. The ear is loaded with multiple nerve-endings and being close to the brain, the pain of a dog bite paralyses an animal. Hunting dogs are known to tackle huge wild boars similarly by latching onto the ears and flooring an otherwise lethal adversary. We threw stones, waded into the water and challanged the dogs, who fled. The fawn swam away, literally, from the jaws of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946207", "title": "Centre gives nod to state's healthcare fund", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is planning to develop the state's healthcare system with the best possible facilities. To revamp Bengal's healthcare system, the Centre has given a green signal to the state government to go ahead with its Rs 1,500 crore plan listed under the National Rural Health Mission.Health department officials recently placed their preliminary plans before the Centre when Union health ministry officials met them at Writers' Buildings. The government will now submit a detailed plan to get the fund in the next fiscal session.Without divulging details, state health secretary Sanjoy Mitra said a meeting was held with officials on this issue. State panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee, who had also attended the meeting, said that the Centre has, in principle, given its nod for the state to go ahead with the plan and submit a detailed project report.The plan is to create a link between medical college and hospitals and smaller healthcare establishments. Besides, tie-ups are on the anvil between RG Kar hospital and Abinash Dutta Indira Matri Sadan, Nil Ratan Sarkar hospital and Bidhannagar sub divisional hospital as well as Chittaranjan National Medical College and Bagha Jatin State General Hospital.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has already formed a high-level task force to recommend ways to improve mother and childcare. Special emphasis is being accorded to substantially reduce infant mortality and maternal mortality rates.According to plans, new mother and childcare units will be set up in rural hospitals where more than 5,000 delivery cases are recorded each year.Mobile medical units will tour 11 Jangalmahal blocks - Gopiballavpur- I and II, Binpur I and II, Jhargram, Jamboni , Salboni, Sankrail, Nayagram, Garbeta-II and Midnapore Town. Mobile ambulances have already been operational in Midnapore Medical College and Hospital, Jhragram sub divisional hospital, Mohanpur block primary health centre (BPHC), Belpahari RH, Kharikhamthani BPHC in West Midnapore and one each at Balarampur primary health centre and in Purulia.Requisite funds have been allocated to set up a new district hospital at Jhargram. Work on upgrading Jhargram sub divisional hospital and Raipur BPHC to 70 bed rural hospitals has already been undertaken. Incentives are being given to young doctors willing to serve in these areas for fixed two year tenures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11947883", "title": "It's the dirty picture", "text": "Kolkata is a safe place for women. It's okay to travel alone at night. People in the city are cool with women drinking. These myths have been busted after a woman returning from a nightclub was allegedly raped in a car recently.So, we decided to ask our celebs and P3P about their unpleasant experiences at nightclubs, and out tumbled a tale of overtures, propositions and even physical assault - overall, a very dirty picture.Actor Swastika Mukherjee, who parties often, says that being a celeb has its share of disadvantages. People often try to get too close. \"There are requests like, 'Can I click a picture with you?' 'I have seen you in films, can I get you a drink?' You can't always expect a wellmannered crowd at nightclubs. So, I politely refuse such advances,\" she says. The actor chooses to party with a select group of friends, with whom she feels \"safe\".Five years back, city model Tina Mukherjee was left bruised and bleeding on the road when a man punched her in the nose for protesting against eve-teasing. When roads are not safe for women, can nightclubs be any different, she asks. \"We models have to frequently deal with such indecent proposals. After shows, strangers approach us saying, 'Can I have your number? I am planning a fashion show,' 'Can I drop you home?' The best way to deal with this is to snub them outright. Why indulge them by getting into a conversation? When men make passes at discs, I give them such a stare they realize they are messing with the wrong person,\" she says.Another model, Sonika Chauhan, who usually parties with fiance Shashank and his group of friends, says, \"You can't possibly be escorted to the ladies room, right? And this is the chance they look for. There have been occasions when men have tried to act fresh with me or feel me up on a crowded dance floor. Once, I was on the verge of slapping a man, who was nearly my father's age,\" she remembers.What makes matters worse is the notion that models are easily available, says model Satarupa. \"Such pests at discs are unavoidable. I for one, give them the royal ignore,\" she says. Does it mean male company is a must when it comes to a woman letting her hair down at a disc? Rii, for one, asks: \"Why can't a girl party alone? Why does she need to have male friends if she wants to go to a disc? I love my own company.\" But she has seen some trouble-makers. \"One needs to have a level of confidence to ward off these shady characters. I remember once someone had offered me a lift to which I said, 'Keno dada, apnar ki taxir business achhe? Or are you a cabbie?' I never saw the man again that night,\" she recounts.Tina feels that all about the size of the wallet now. \"The crowd profile at nightclubs no longer matters. Hence, the safety of girls is also at risk. Certain nightclubs permit stag entry against a lucrative amount. There are others who enter with a girl and then look around for other options.\"Most celebs feel that the party crowd has gone from bad to worse over the years. \"That's why discs need to screen the crowd before allowing entry,\" feels Satarupa.Actor Tanusree Chakraborty feels that there should be more CCTVs at every disc. \"Bouncers do keep a watch but if you let your guard down, there's no one to help you. In spite of partying with close friends, I've had men asking me for a dance or wanting to get clicked with me,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11944958", "title": "Lighting up their lives", "text": "From spreading awareness about various social issues to helping the needy and promoting education they have spread their wings in all possible directions. On Sunday, the corporate world is all set to salute such efforts made by some of city-based NGOs in an event -- 'SKF-We Care' -- being organized by SKF India Limited along with AS Bearing Company.The event will bring together corporates and NGOs. TOI takes a look at the NGOs who will be felicitated on Sunday.Mask Theatre Mask Theatre has been promoting theatre and consistently contributing, among both urban and rural population, through stage and street plays, puppet shows and theatre workshops. It is a group of artistes who, after their day's work, get together and enact plays on social issues. They use these plays as a medium to reach out to people in the villages on issues like female foeticide, drug addiction, AIDS awareness, environmental issues and population control. They host an annual theatre festival - Katha Manchan -- by selling scrap paper collected from city residents.Sorem SOREM has been involved in rehabilitation of the mentally challenged since 1987. An ultra-modern comprehensive centre in Sector 36 C was built adding services for the autistic and those with cerebral palsy with therapeutical services, sports, functional education and suitable vocations under one roof. Children are taught how to weave, paint, and stitch so that they become independent. They also train them on hanging clothes, cleanliness and other skills. It supports 120 special children in the school.Development of Indigenous Resources This organization supports a village in Nayagaon with a population of 14,000, where it has established a primary school. Women are provided information on cooking nutritious food on a low budget. A sample kitchen has been set up for this. It helps villagers earn a livelihood by teaching them skills like weaving iPad covers and wine bottle bags. A physician visits the village for check up of children. Medical facilities are also extended to women of the village. Pregnant ladies are given special care and are checked for nutrients intake regularly.Jeevan Muqt Nishulk Vidyalaya Do children of beggars go to school? Some do, with Jeevan Mukt Nishulk Vidyalaya taking this unique step to educate them. It has been working for children of economically backward sections of society, by providing free education. It has 23 schools spread out in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh. They organize small schools with the help of other citizens all over Chandigarh and its vicinity. At present, they are teaching about 1400 students and also training them in art forms like painting and dancing.Sahayata Sahayata Charitable Welfare Society, also known as Sahayta Cancer Sahyog, is engaged in providing holistic help to the cancer-afflicted and their families. This organization is involved in spreading awareness about cancer. They reach out to people in villages who cannot afford expensive treatment and are unaware of avenues for treatment. They also spread awareness in schools and teach people about how to look for signs of breast cancer. They work in children's wards, radiotherapy and hematology departments in PGI and provide chemotherapy to poor patients. Cervix and breast cancer detection camps are also held.(Inputs by Samiksha Chauhan)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943592", "title": "Scoring in Maths is all about how more you practiced", "text": "JAIPUR: Mathematics is all about practice, practice and practice, says Surabhi Bhargava, a Class XII student of Maharani Gayatri Devi School, who finds the subject interesting and enjoys practicing while listening to her favorite music.Like several others, Maths was not always a favourite subject of Surabhi until her Class X Maths teacher taught her tricks to solve questions in a light-hearted manner. The result was 10 CGPA in Class X which strengthened her love for the subject.\"Maths is a logical subject and one step follows the other systematically. So it is important to have an absolute clarity of concepts and a systematic way of working. It requires a lot of practice. It cannot be done in just one day. So nothing should be left for the last minute,\" added Surabhi, who advised students to practice NCERT questions.She follows some rules while attempting a question paper: To keep the mind cool, write neatly, even the rough work should be done very neatly. One must take a sound sleep before the exam. Every step holds marks. Lastly, just one day before the exam, only the sample papers must be practiced.She makes sure to get thorough with the all sections. Integration and differentiation, calculus, 3D and probability carry a weightage of 80 marks in the question paper. \"I primarily focus on these sections to attain 100 score,\" she says.After solving model test papers, she analyzes her performance, which helps in improvement and time management. For every wrong answer in the model test paper, she seeks help of her class teacher. She agrees that solving model test papers for a day makes mind very exhaustive. To counter stress , she watches television or reads books of other subjects.My family has been a constant source of support for me. My elder sister Sweta always teases and jokes with me in order to dissipate all my tensions. My mom and grandmother pamper me by providing nutritious food to eat like juices, soup and baked vegetables,'' she says.Surabhi adds that her father reassures her time and again that whatever her performance be, he will always support her and consider her the best. \"This reduces the performance pressure,'' she admits. Surabhi plans to go on to study computer engineering and business from IIT-Mumbai and IIM-Ahmedabad. Proficiency in Mathematics always has an added advantage as it helps in solving physics and chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11945046", "title": "Amonkar releases election manifesto", "text": "VASCO: Mormugao Congress candidate Sankalp Amonkar released his manifesto for the development of the constituency, stressing on infrastructural and recreational facilities, and youth and women empowerment.Releasing the manifesto, Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik said that as per the wishes of the people, Congress will also work out plans \"to save Baina beach\".Taking a dig at Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, the MP said that the constituency has suffered due to a lack of initiative by the legislator .He alleged that Naik has lost the trust of BJP leaders as he wanted to join the Congress. \"He was trying to join the Congress like his other counterparts in Bicholim and Pernem,\" Naik said, referring to Dayanand Sopte and Rajesh Patnekar who dumped the BJP three months ago. But Naik couldn't succeed, he added.Naik said BJP has tried to be negative and opposed all developmental projects proposed by the government in the last few years on some pretext or the other.Amonkar's manifesto speaks about improving basic amenities, major infrastructure project, environment and heritage, youth empowerment, education, empowerment of women and social welfare.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11951135", "title": "SBI to hold Lok Adalat for loan recovery", "text": "PATNA: SBI has launched a special drive called 'Bank Adalat Aapke Ghar (BAAG)' to recover bad loans, called non-performing assets (NPAs) or 'stressed assets' in banking parlance. As part of the recovery campaign, a special Lok Adalat would be organized on the campus of Patna civil court on February 25.The bank has created a separate unit, called Stressed Asset Recovery Branch (SARB), at the bank's district headquarters and also at its head branches in all major towns, including Patna.Assistant general manager (AGM) of SARB for Patna centre, Sunil Sharan Sinha, said there were more than 2,000 loan defaulters in Patna urban area alone, involving an amount of around Rs 44 crore. These loans fall in the category of education loan, car loan, personal loan, housing loan and business loan, among others.A bank official said it would be wrong to say that a particular section or group of people generally ends up as bank defaulters. They fall in such disparate categories as legislators, doctors, traders, retired government officials, judges, police officials, teachers or such other people.\"Whatever the reason, the range of people who have failed to repay the loans regularly is highly diversified,\" he said.Obviously, the old system of monitoring, follow-up action, and filing title suits to recover the bad loans' amount had failed.Given the situation , SBI launched BAAG under the Patna centre of SARB after a \"brainstorming session\" last June, Sinha said.As part of this special drive, a team of SBI officials reaches the home of a defaulter customer. The team discusses the matter with the customer in detail and apprises him/her of ways to settle the account amicably in the presence of all other family members, including husband/wife, children and parents.\"We look forward to settling the bad loan accounts amicably. The campaign is yielding good results, as customers are willing to cooperate,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11943499", "title": "Ex-employee arrested for sending derogatory mails", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) personnel on Saturday arrested an ex-employee of a private firm in Vijayawada for sending derogatory mails, impersonating as his colleague, to his former firm's higher-ups.CID Cyber Wing officials said RVV Ganesh, who hails from Vijayawada, had to quit his job a few months ago after his colleague, Suman, sent an adverse report against him to the company's bosses in Chennai.Since then, Ganesh bore grudge against Suman and hatched a plan to malign him. Ganesh created a e-mail ID in the name of Suman and sent mails to the higher-ups in Chennai as the latter was confessing about scandals he had done in the company,'' the CID officials said.When the officials asked for an explanation, the surprised Suman disowned the three e-mails sent on his name. Suman lodged a complaint with the CID, who during their investigation traced the IP details to a residence in Vijayawada and it turned out to be that of Ganesh.During interrogation, Ganesh confessed that due to adverse report sent by Suman he decided to teach him a lesson,'' an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945735", "title": "Right music is a stress-buster: Expert", "text": "VARANASI: Listening to one's favourite music can help activate internal energy and concentration. In fact, right kind of music can help students beat stress during Board examinations. While loud music can be a source of noise or distraction for many students, health experts (psychiatrists) say music can also be used as a pill to de-stress students during exam time.\"Music is known to have stress relieving effect, provided the wavelength of music played matches with the emotional wavelength of the listener, which could be a patient, a student or any other human being. It is, in fact, an individualised therapy that takes note of specific mood, taste and timing to show the desired effect. It could also turn into noise and show side-effects if any of these factors are not taken into account before playing music for the target audience,\" says Dr Sanjay Gupta, senior psychiatrist, department of psychiatry, Banaras Hindu University.Referring to the use of music therapy that involves 20 to 25 minutes of music-based exercises, Dr Gupta, who also runs 'Khushhali-Ek Prayas' (stress management programme) emphasises that the exercise has shown beneficial effects in persons with stress and mild depression. The appropriate music actually helps to control palpitation along with increasing the concentration level and activating internal energy. There is a general feeling of calmness of mind and music also brings soothing effect in the surroundings, acting as stress buster. Usually, students refrain from music during examination but if it appropri-ately played depending on the mood, taste, timing and gender, it certainly bolsters internal energy, adds the senior psychiatrist.It may be mentioned here that Dr Gupta has co-supervised a research work carried by the department of vocal music, BHU, in 2000 which also shows beneficial effect of music therapy, proving it as effective as drugs in healing patients with depressive disorder.Stressing that more coordination is needed between musicians and healthexperts to bolster music therapy for individual patients, he also streamlines the need for scientific documentation of the therapy to gain scientific validity and acceptance. \"Music specialists and psychiatrists need to work together to explore and tap the potentials of music therapy,\" he says.It is also worth mentioning that the student health centre complex in BHU has been organising musical events, including the shehanai of Ustad Bismillah Khan, for the past two years to provide a calm and soothing atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946037", "title": "Kingfisher vanishes from city skies", "text": "KOLKATA: The promise of good times in the skies evaporated in thin air with Kingfisher Airlines aborting all flights and indefinitely suspending operations in Kolkata on Saturday. TOI had reported on Saturday that flights might go off the radar sooner than Monday.The travel trade community was apprehensive that the carrier would withdraw services from Monday as the online ticketing system was not accepting bookings thereafter . But services were hastily shut down on Saturday after the airline staff in Kolkata went on a flash strike on Friday evening to protest against non-payment of salary since December 2011.On Saturday, passengers booked on Kingfisher Airlines arrived at the airport only to find that all five domestic and two international flights from the city had been cancelled. Though the airline's call centre in Mumbai usually alerts passengers countrywide in case of flight delays or cancellations, it was all quiet on the western front on Saturday.Sk Sahadab, who was booked on the airline's flight to Bangkok and had a return ticket on Monday, said only one of Kingfisher's 12 ticketing counters at the airport was in operation with a lone staff in attendance. \"The airline staff sitting across the counter was as clueless as me. She just mumbled apologies and offered to try accommodation in an alternative flight or give a full refund. Though she mentioned a third option of rescheduling me on a flight after March 3, she wasn't sure if operations would resume,\" said Sahadab.Many in a 32-strong group of tourists bound for Bangkok were in tears. Not only did they get stranded in the city with no possibility of being accommodated in alternative flights, they also lost the money spent in online hotel reservations in Bangkok. \"Had the airline communicated earlier, we could have cancelled the bookings and got some refund,\" rued S Vaishno.Mumbai-bound passenger Rahul Singh was furious. \"The carrier did not even have the grace to inform passengers about the cancellations . Had it been so, I could have gone to the airport alone and tried to reorganise the travel plans instead of rushing there with my wife, children and luggage,\" he fumed.Rahul, Vaishno and Sahadab were among 1,000 passengers booked on the five domestic flights (two to Bhubaneswar and one each to Mumbai, Delhi and Bagdogra ) and two international flights (Bangkok and Dhaka) that were scheduled to operate on Saturday. While some of passengers booked on domestic sectors were accommodated on flights operated by other carriers, others were given a refund. However, international passengers who had booked the tickets from abroad have been asked to apply for refunds from the destination from where the tickets have been purchased.Despite repeated calls to Kingfisher Airlines office in Kolkata and Mumbai, no official was willing to go on record on why operations had been suspended from Kolkata . However, one official, speaking on conditions of anonymity, blamed it on the stir by the staff. \"How can an airline operate if the entire staff goes on strike at a particular base? The airline is going through some turbulence. If the staff refuse to understand ,little can be done,\" he said, pointing out to some airline staff who were seen playing cricket in the green opposite the international terminal.An airline staff, however, rubbished the argument and said the withdrawal of service was due to the severe cash crunch that the airline was experiencing. \"Due to liquidity issues, the airline does not have adequate number of planes in service. The fleet has dwindled from 66 aircraft 18 months ago to 18 planes. Some of them went back after the lease expired while some others are grounded because there just isn't enough funds to even conduct maintenance and repairs,\" a source said.In Kolkata, the number of aircraft was pared down from an Airbus A-320 and three ATRs to just one ATR. With the five-star airline taking flight, passengers and travel agents in Kolkata were left seeing stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11943615", "title": "HC bans discharge of industrial effluent into Luni river", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court, while hearing a Public Interest Litigation, has banned discharge of treated industrial effluent in to Luni river in Balotra, till next order. This order of the high court has reaffirmed the order of the Rajasthan Pollution Control Board (RPCB), which, while passing an order in 2004, had banned discharge of even the treated effluent in the Luni river citing it to be detrimental to the groundwater and the ecology of the Luni river, which has badly contaminated due to discharge of thousands of gallons of industrial effluent containing heavy acidic toxins.Petitioner Digvijay Singh Jasol had filed a PIL in the high court drawing attention of the court to the flagrant violation of the order of the RPCB, thereby leading to massive pollution to the Luni river region, both internally and externally. He produced reports of National Productivity Council and Central Pollution Control Board in the court pointing to irreparable and permanent damage to the environment, ecology, groundwater and the health of the local residents. Jasol also expressed concern in his petition over the future of the age-old religious festival of the region known as Rawal Mallinathji Animal Fair, observed in the river bed, which is an ancient river flowing through the western desert emanating from Pushkar of Ajmer and ends up into the Rann of Kutch covering a distance of 530 kms.While hearing this petition, the division bench of Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice K C Joshi ordered a stay on the discharge of the effluent in the river Luni till next order.There are close to 800 small and medium textile units in Jasol, Bithuja and Balotra areas of Barmer district and they produce an effluent much beyond the capacity of the 4 Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETP), which ultimately finds its way into the Luni river, which contain dangerous toxins. Jasol said the capacity of all these 4 CETPs put together is 50.5 MLD, whereas the total effluent discharge from the textile units is about 86 MLD. \"All of this, both treated and untreated, finds their way in to the Luni river,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943528", "title": "Four-day police custody for parents of Gold Sukh director", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the arrest of parents of Gold Sukh director Manvendra Singh , the couple was sent to four day police custody.On Friday, a team of Jaipur police had arrested the couple identified as Than Singh Chouhan (66) and Prakashlata Chohan (62) from Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi. Both had major stakes in the company and had allegedly enjoyed profits of crores, police claimed.On Saturday, the couple was presented before a local court where police sought a remand for further investigation.\"The court has given us four-day custody of the couple. During investigation, we will try to find out their exact stake in the company. Than Singh had withdrawn about Rs 50 lakh from the accounts of Gold Sukh and had fled to Bangkok few days before the company was busted by police,\" said Karan Sharma , additional deputy commissioner of police (south).Sharma added that the couple was the first investors in the company and also the biggest beneficiaries in the fraudulent scheme. \"They withdrew huge amount of money within a period of six months and finally fled from Jaipur,\" Sharma said.Asked about the main points of interrogation, Sharma said, \"Than Singh is a retired Hindi teacher from Subodh Higher Secondary School who became the biggest stakeholder in the company. We have seized some of his accounts and have unearthed transactions of crores of rupees. Thus, his role and involvement of other members of Manvendra's family in the fraud would be probed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11945571", "title": "Court rejects DRI plea on Paras Ram", "text": "JODHPUR: After deferring hearing for four times earlier, the CBI court finally refused to give custody of Paras Ram Bishnoi, a suspect in the Bhanwari Devi case, to the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on production warrant but permitted the DRI officers to interrogate him in jail on February 22. Bishnoi is currently under judicial custody in connection with the case. He was arrested by the CBI on December 2 last year.Bishnoi's counsel Sunil Joshi objected to the demand of the DRI to take him on production warrant for interrogation and termed it as the infringement of Section 267 of the CrPC.He argued in court that Bishnoi is neither an accused in the DRI case nor does he have any pending case. \"When the court asked the DRI officials on their efforts to summon him, the agency claimed to have sent about 40 summons to him but failed to substantiate the claim,\" Joshi said adding that Bishnoi was very much available at his residence in Bilara.Joshi said after 9 years, the DRI has woken up and that too due to Bishnoi being named in the Bhanwari Devi case.Hearing the arguments from both the sides, magistrate Jagdish Jyani refused to give Bishnoi's custody on production warrant to the DRI but allowed it to interrogate him in the jail on February 22.Since the ongoing investigation of Bhanwari Devi case had brought up Bishnoi's name, it alerted the DRI and its officers landed in Jodhpur to seek his custody on production warrant close on the heels of the CBI court sending him to judicial custody.Bishnoi is accused of manufacturing and supplying of Mandrax tablets (a highly addictive synthetic drug) in a closed factory near Bilara. The DRI had searched this factory in 2002 after its sleuths intercepted a consignment of this drug in Mumbai and had booked him under NDPS Act along with four other persons for their involvement in production and selling of the contraband.Of the accused, two have been acquitted, one is convicted and two including Bishnoi are absconding. The DRI had issued a red alert notice against Bishnoi on May 9, 2002 after he did not allegedly respond to any of the DRI's summons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "11945324", "title": "BMC plan to produce power from waste", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The disposal of garbage in urban areas under its jurisdiction has been a cause of concern for the Bhagalpur Municipal Corporation (BMC). But it may not be of a cause of anxiety in the near future if the BMC's plan to produce electricity from the urban waste takes off. The technology to be used would be based on waste-to-energy generation.According to sources, raw garbage would be turned into refuse derived fuel (RDF) which would be used to generate electricity. This is the most environment-friendly method to produce electricity, said sources. Nearly 200 tonnes of garbage are dumped daily under BMC areas, said BMC sources, adding its disposal is a very complicated issue due to lack of infrastructure and resources besides absence of dumping ground for disposal of garbage.In the backdrop, the BMC has envisaged a plan for disposal of the garbage and waste under public-private partnership (PPP) mode and also using technology to recycle the urban waste into electricity. The function of the waste-to-energy generation units would be almost similar to coal-based power plants except for the fact that it would use garbage instead of coal to produce electricity. Raw waste including paper, plastic and others can be burnt as fuel to generate electricity at the waste-to-energy generation units, said sources.BMC Mayor Dr Veena Yadav said a plan is afoot to make use of urban waste and garbage to produce electricity. It would not only help in quick disposal of garbage but also in producing electricity for the people of this region, she said adding talks are on with some organizations that specialize in producing electricity from garbage.\"If everything goes well, we would be able to generate nearly 3 megawatt electricity from urban waste in the first phase,\" she said and added that some organizations had put forward their proposals. Three acre land will be required for establishment of waste-to-power generation plant, she said.\"We hope to convert the area into clean and power-sufficient city,\" she added.The BMC plans to dispose of garbage and waste under the public-private partnership mode and recycle the urban waste into electricity. The function of the waste-to-energy generation units would be almost similar to coal-based power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11944217", "title": "Missing man found murdered", "text": "VADODARA: The body of a man missing from the city since January 31 was found near Bhaliyapura on the outskirts of the city. It is believed that the man was beheaded and his head was kept near the body itself.Body of Sanjay Yadav, a resident of Rajpur in Yeta district of Uttar Pradesh, was found in the farm of Ranjit Thakore. Thakore had gone to his farm on Friday morning when he noticed a stench emanating from the cotton crop there. When he checked the farm, he found the body in the cotton plantation.Makarpura police station officials were informed regarding the incident. When police checked the belongings on the body, they found a driving licence in Yadav's name along with Rs 13,000.Investigations revealed that a missing person's report had also been filed regarding Yadav with the police. Yadav had left in his truck from a company in Por with material that he was supposed to deliver in Punjab. However, on the same day, a person who knew Sanjay and recognized his truck found deserted on the highway. He informed the transport company and a missing person's report was also lodged.Police have ruled out robbery as being motive for the murder as the cash with Yadav and the material in the truck were found intact. Further investigations are being conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945119", "title": "Holi: GGEA wants it declared a public holiday", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government employees association (GGEA) has sought that Holi be declared as a public holiday instead of a special holiday listed by the government.GGEA has requested chief secretary Sanjay Kumar Srivastava to declare the day as a public holiday as this year the Holi festival is on March 8, 2012 and the state administration would remain busy in conducting assembly elections.In case a holiday is declared for the Holi festival, GGEA is of the view that there would be no election related work as the formal process of election ends after counting of ballots and declaration of results which is scheduled for March 6. The election code of conduct will remain in force till March 9.GGEA feels that Holi being a festival of colours, government employees will find it difficult to attend office with colours smeared on their clothes. GGEA has requested Srivastava to obtain the permission of the Election Commission if required in advance to notify Holi as a public holiday. In the past, on the request of GGEA, the state government had been notifying the said special holiday as a public holiday under the Negotiable Instruments Act 1881 (Act 26 of 1981).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945384", "title": "B-Focused asks Modern School students to be innovative", "text": "NAGPUR: Students of Modern School, Koradi Road, were a lively lot and participated in the B Focused workshop enthusiastically. Jointly organized by The Education Times and Workskills Training Academy (WTA), the workshop aims to introduce collaborative education and motivate students to realize their potential and make the best out of their lives.\"We are focusing on long-term goal setting and collaboration of thoughts. By the time students grow up and are ready for their careers, times will change. It will be an era of collaboration and we are preparing them for that,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director, WTA.The workshop concentrates on encouraging students to generate ideas for creative concepts which would lead to innovation. Creativity helps an individual or a group to stand out from the crowd and get noticed.School coordinator Anuradha Sardeshpande said, \"This workshop has been a kind of initiation of a thought process among students. It has given them a confidence to believe in themselves and their abilities.\"The workshop was beneficial to teachers too as they can apply these concepts in their teaching to make classes more interesting.\"Children have been very receptive to the whole programme and are voluntarily interacting, which is very good. They are also relating to various issues,\" said Sunaina Saraf, trainer, WTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945516", "title": "Inspection team happy with GMCH, IGMCH infrastructure", "text": "NAGPUR: The four-member inspection team which was here to inspect the two medical colleges of the city on Saturday found the infrastructure of both the hospitals satisfactory.The team was here to assess whether the colleges had the requisite infrastructure for continuing their affiliation with the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS). The team visited Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) as well as Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGMCH) and were satisfied with the condition at both the colleges.Dean of Grant Medical College and JJ group of hospitals Dr TP Lahane was the chairman of the committee comprising Dr NN Ramraje, Dr Kulkarni and Dr SD Gangane, all from JJ Hospital. They saw the wards and OPDs of both the colleges along with doing a head count of the staffers. \"This was a routine inspection that takes place every three years.After visiting the colleges, we think that both the colleges have the required infrastructure and teaching staff to continue with the MBBS seats they have. This means the 100 seats at IGGMCH and 200 at GMCH would remain intact,\" Dr Lahane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945354", "title": "Man gets 1 year jail for not filing I-T return", "text": "JAIPUR: A trial court in Jaipur has sentenced a businessman to one year's rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh for failing to file his income tax returns on time despite repeated notices.As per court documents, the office of joint commissioner (special range-4), income tax, here had conducted searches on the properties and office of Anil Kuchhal, a resident of Ajmer Road area, and discovered an undisclosed income of nearly Rs 10 lakh in November 1999. During the search, the income tax officers reportedly seized Rs 1.90 lakh in cash and investment documents like bonds and FDRs.When the businessman failed to file the returns despite several notices, in February 2001 the matter was taken to court. Since the accused finally filed the returns in November 2001, but after the stipulated time, the court started trial that ran for more than a decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "naraini (banda)", "code": "11946374", "title": "Banda rape victim campaigns against BSP", "text": "NARAINI (BANDA): Dalit girl Sheelu, who was allegedly raped by BSP Naraini MLA Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi in 2010, has found her own way to seek justice for her trauma.The 18-year-old dalit girl, who holds a grudge against BSP, has joined ranks with the Congress and campaigning for the party candidate Mahendra Singh Verma in Naraini assembly constituency.Although chief minister Mayawati dumped Sheelu's perpetrator Dwivedi -- who is in jail for the crime -- after media played up the incident, Sheelu's support may dent the prospect of BSP's Naraini candidate Gyancharan Dinkar.Naraini village where Sheelu lives is dominated by dalits. Her stance, therefore, may affect the political prospects of BSP in Banda which goes to the poll on Sunday.Even Sheelu's father Achhe Lal, who ardently campaigned for BSP when Dwivedi was the candidate in 2007, has come out in support of his daughter.\"No one from the BSP came to us when we needed them the most. I think it is the Congress which can bring justice to us,\" Sheelu said.In Naraini village, a police outpost outside Achhe Lal house is the landmark. The cops are there to protect Lal's 18-yearold daughter Sheelu. Sheelu's nightmare did not end after she was raped by the MLA and his men. She was later jailed on charges of theft. Her life shattered, Sheelu now lives under the police shadow. Her every movement is under constant vigil of cops who fear that she may be attacked again.Ironically, Acche Lal, a dalit, was a hardcore BSP supporter. He campaigned for Purushottan Naresh during the 2007 assembly election. Naresh went on to become the MLA. Three years later he darkened Sheelu's life and shook the confidence of villagers of Naraini, majority of whom are dalits.Achhe Lal recalled the nightmare. In the summer of 2009, Sheelu went missing from her grandmother's house in Harnampur village on UP-Madhya Pradesh border. Sheelu's mother Sudama Devi died when she was three. Since then she had been living with her grandmother. \"She could not be traced for over a year and we were getting worried,'' he said. Acche Lal contacted Purushottam who assured of helping him in finding Sheelu.One day Achhe Lal got a call from a woman who claimed that Sheelu was locked up in a hut in Patra village in Banda. \"I went to the said house which was locked. I tried to look through a hole in the door and found a heap of mattresses on the floor,'' he recalled. He barged into the hut and started removing the mattresses only to discover Sheelu lying underneath them, unconscious. It transpired that one Rajju Patel had kidnapped her. The girl was brought back to Naraini village.Purushottam approached Acche Lal telling him that he will take care of Sheelu. \"He said that he would provide education to my daughter and even get her married,'' he said. Within four days he received a call from Sheelu. \"Her voice was shaking. She was crying and pleading repeatedly to take her away,'' he recalled. The phone got disconnected before Acche could understand what exactly happened to his daughter.Next day he found Sheelu locked up in Naraini police station with charges of stealing Rs 90,000 and a case slapped on her. With all the media glare around, it was soon established that Sheelu had been raped and framed in wrong charges. Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi, who had won the 2007 election by a margin over 5,000 votes, soon found himself expelled from BSP. While Dwivedi is still cooling heels in Banda jail, Sheelu lives under a shadow of terror.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948283", "title": "K-town's Taj Mahal fixation", "text": "Romance is a favourite topic of Kollywood filmmakers.Right from the days of MGR to current day heroes, love features in at least several of their films and their desire to play the romantic hero has not died.However, now the favourite shot of filmmakers seems to be the locales of Agra - and not just any place in Agra but the Taj Mahal! The red bench in front of the Taj Mahal was made famous by Lady Diana and today, directors Gautham Menon and Vijay have used a similar shot in their films.The former film has Amy and Prateik, while the latter has Anushka and Vikram. Despite the romantic angle, Gautham's film has not set the BO ablaze. Here's hoping that at least Vijay's film does!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11953554", "title": "Gopal Krishna Gandhi makes leaders, babus squirm", "text": "PATNA: The discomfiture of politicians and bureaucrats of Bihar was to be seen to be believed when Mahatma Gandhi's grandson and former West Bengal governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi addressed them at the valedictory session of the three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' on Sunday.He did not directly assail anyone, yet, in an imaginary letter written to the architect of Total Revolution, Jaya Prakash Narayan, which he read out as part of his valedictory address, he lashed out at the gross degeneration of political system in the country, saying the \"soul and spirit of politics is writhing in pain and anguish, wishing to be freed from the vicious stranglehold of power and pelf of politicians.\"His visible anguish left the audience in stunned silence.Addressing JP, he said, \"Today, in politics power leads politicians to settle scores, and personal ambitions and vendetta have eroded the values of parliamentary democracy that our freedom fighters fought for.\"Drawing a parallel between emperor Shah Jehan's eldest son Dara Shikoh and JP, he said, \"If Dara Shikoh had been coroneted, India's history would have been different today. Similarly, if you (JP) had not turned down the offer to become the first prime minister, the history of Independent India would have been completely different.\" Gandhi said politicians today have become a butt of joke and hatred and the term 'netagiri' is used to malign and condemn.\"Politics is suffering from delusionary gross and the old political culture has vanished. A leader is defined by the size of his flock, not by his stature.\"\"We live in an era of give and take where everybody wants returns in kilos for an ounce of work. Candidates with criminal background and even convicted people contest and win election. Everything is fair in love and war and in election,\" said Gandhi. However, he praised the work of JP's disciple and Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and said he has brought some change in the situation. He also made a reference to another disciple of JP, Lalu Prasad and said he empowered a deprived society and gave it voice.The Bapu scion said political discourse has degenerated and there is dialogue deficit between leaders and people. On certain issues like terrorism, he said, there is dialogue deficit among leaders.\"It is not necessary to be a Marxist, a Socialist, a Communist or a Gandhian for the leaders. They should lead by the example of their own life. A real leader is one who speaks harsh truth,\" he said. Turning towards CM Nitish Kumar, he said, \"Nitishji, you are an example of good leadership.\" He blamed the society for making politicians and officials corrupt because of the degradation in all spheres of life.Gandhi ended his imaginary letter by quoting a message from a child from Begusarai who wanted to know what corruption is and how it could be eliminated.\"I am yet to find a reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "11945244", "title": "Police rescue 17 bonded labourers in Araria dist", "text": "ARARIA: The Araria police ripped off the underbelly of a big racket in bonded labour and their physical exploitation when 17 bonded labourers, including six women mostly drawn from Assam , were rescued from a brick kiln at Matiari near Araria town under the same police station late Friday night. The rescued bonded workers included minor boys and girls.Besides being forced to work at the brick kiln beyond working hours, quite a few of the girls were even repeatedly sexually abused allegedly by the brick kiln bosses, often at gunpoint, police said. On being tipped off about the racket in bonded labour by one Nur Ali, a police team headed by Araria SP Shivdeep Waman Lande swooped on the brick kiln owned by one, Tabrez Alam, at Matiari near the district town on Friday night. They succeeded in flushing out and rescuing 17 bonded labourers including minor boys and girls. They were generally holed at makeshift camps and kutcha houses, police said.The Araria SP spilled beans on the racketeers' modus operandi. He said the rescued labourers hail from Kokrajhar area in Assam. They had been lured and brought here on promise of hefty payment and perks by an agent, Sardar Ajit Singh. The plight of the bonded labourers was harrowing. Though they were promised a measly Rs 200 a week, wages were paid only randomly at the gap of weeks. They were hardly paid even the promised amount, the SP said.When the labourers wanted to desert the jobs, they were often terrorized and threatened. But, this was not all. The minor girls were often sexually abused by the bosses and managers at the kiln. If they protested their sexual advances, they were thrashed and also made to fall in line at gunpoint, the SP said. A manhunt has been launched to arrest the brick kiln owner and the agent, who gave the police a slip, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945264", "title": "Many candidates to approach court for recount", "text": "NAGPUR: Many candidates have decided to approach the court and challenge the results of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections. The close results and controversies during counting have convinced some that only the courts can give the actual results.Any voter or candidate may challenge the results within 10 days in the district court and it will be considered as an election petition.Congress candidate from Vayu Sena ward Sneha Wankhede told TOI, the officials had declared her winner with a margin of 343 votes. \"But the officials later cited technical mistake and declared independent candidate Meena Chaudhary winner. I was assured of a recount and waited for over six hours. But then officials said it was not possible. I have doubts and will file a petition,\" she said.As per official results, Wankhede secured 3,275 votes while winner Meena Chaudhary got 3,302 votes.Similarly, Sangeet Khadatkar, a eunuch and independent candidate from Dhammadeep Nagar, too has prepared to approach the court. \"Some news channels and a newspaper too named me as winner. But officials have shown my votes as 497. I will file a petition in court,\" she said.Citing such reasons, independent candidate from Civil Lines Rajshree Jichkar, Shiv Sena candidate from Lashkaribagh Karan Tuli and others too have decided to approach the court.Among the close results, Sheela Tarale of Congress lost by six votes from Naik Nagar while Vijaya Gadre of BJP lost by 13 votes from Airport. Raising objections to the EVMs, supporters of Karan Tuli also took out a rally to the office of Ashi Nagar Zone on Saturday. Meanwhile, advocate Sheikh Ashfaque Ahmed has already submitted an application with NMC challenging Naik Talav results .The doubts of losing candidates on results had led to a delay in the counting on Friday. There were also problems with EVMs at a few places. An EVM did not display results at Raghuji Nagar ward at Gandhibagh Zone. Even after a number of meetings and trainings, officials at some zones could not complete the counting process in the gievn time.\"The entire election process right from demarcation of wards to counting was successful, except in some zones. Some returning officers could not do so,\" said a senior official.Meanwhile, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare has directed officials to deposit memory cards of EVMs with district treasury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945326", "title": "Pistas good for \u2018performance\u2019", "text": "Eating a handful of pistachio nuts every day for as little as three weeks can boost men's sex drive, research says.The little green nibbles are known to have health benefits like helping to lower cholesterol but a new study has revealed they can boost performance between the sheets.Tests on men who struggled to satisfy their partners in the bedroom found nature's love nuts reached the parts that other sex aids were unable to revive.The Turkish study on 17 impotent married men aged from 38-59-years-old , found eating around 3.5 ounces of pistachio nuts every day for three weeks improved their ability to romp.Carried out at the Ataturk Teaching and Research Hospital in Ankara, Turkey and published in The International Journal of Impotence Research2, the experiments measured sexual desire , pleasure and satisfaction.The report said: \"Study participants saw a significant improvement on International Index of Erectile Function scores.\"Specialist Dr. Thomas W. Hopkins who sat on the National Advisory Panel for Erectile Dysfunction said: \"Pistachios have been considered an aphrodisiac in some folklore. To my knowledge, this is the first study that lends support for this belief. We know that pistachios can improve blood cholesterol levels and can be part of a successful weight management programme.\"\"Men, especially, may want to consider substituting pistachios for other snack foods.\"Courtsey: Daily Mirror", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11944040", "title": "Ex panchayat official held in forgery case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Perianaickanpalayam police arrested a former official of Narasimanaickenpalayam town panchayat and two real estate developers on Friday for forging documents.Based on a petition filed by the K Kathirmathiyon, secretary of Coimbatore Consumer Cause, about the illegal approval of layouts by the town panchayat using the forged documents, the collector ordered for an inquiry.Many important documents were seized at the town panchyat office during a raid on Friday night. It was found that the former executive officer (EO) Sundarasamy, 65, has approved the layout by preparing forged documents. It came to light that the accused got the signature of the officer and made the changes to prove that the approval was given while he was serving as the EO.However, during inquiry it was found that no panchayat approval was given for the layout and the accused forged the documents to show that the approval was given. Besides, the document had false order numbers and stamps.Following the complaint by district town panchayat assistant director to the Periyanaickenpalayam DSP Shaktivel, the police arrested Sundarasamy and real estate developers Ganeshan and Murugesan. Both of them are brothers and Murugesan was the ward councillor for three consecutive years in the past. The police are on a search for the third accused Duraisamy, who is absconding.Police arrested the accused and have charged a case against them under cheating, accepting bribes and drawing up false documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "11946561", "title": "Now, spot Bishakha with Rani Mukherjee", "text": "GILL ROAD: When Saturday dawned, Bishakha Chandan of Gill Road had no clue that a random visit to a mall with her friend could change her life.She has won a contest organized at a mall on Ferozepur Road that will give her the dream opportunity to feature in an advertising campaign with Bollywood star Rani Mukherjee.On cloud nine, the BBA student of Guru Nanak Girls College said her mind is reeling with the possibilities this chance victory could bring her.\"It is just a matter of pure chance that I went to the mall on Saturday morning, missing my tuitions and also somebody's wedding function, because my friend had to meet her friend at the mall,'' she said.Bishaka said Rani is one of her favourite stars and when she saw big posters of her around the mall she was curious to know what was going on.\"Some of the organizers told me about the contest and asked me to participate in it. My only thought was why not give it a shot. It was my first time on the stage so I was a little nervous at the thought of doing a catwalk in front of everyone at the mall. Anyway, I gathered all my courage and did it,'' said the 20-year-old.The fashion industry and modelling have always fascinated Bishaka but she had never thought of pursuing her pet dream because nobody from her family had ever been involved with the glamour industry.Winning a contest to feature with Rani Mukherjee in an ad campaign has come as a big surprise to Bishakha Chandan. \"This opportunity is like straight from God for me and I know it can turn my life around. I feel this could be the beginning for me in the fashion industry but for now, all I can think about is the day when I will see Rani face to face,'' she said.Bishakha's brother Gulshan Chandan said God has some big plan for his sister.\"I believe her dream will come true and this commercial will work as the start of a journey to achieve many more milestones in the world of glamour,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946099", "title": "Cameras keep an eye on common areas", "text": "Spaces traditionally considered safe for children - community playgrounds, swimming pools, school buses and games courts - have recently become sites for bullying, molestation, violence and in some cases even murder. Experts recommend strict vigilance in the form of closecircuit television cameras (CCTVs), regular patrolling by school staff and closer monitoring by parents, instructors and guards.\"While CCTVs have become a must in places earmarked for extra-curricular activities like playfields and canteen areas, there also needs to be close monitoring by teachers in playgrounds and buses where more than one teacher - at least one of them female - should be ideally present. While students themselves might be both victims and perpetrators in some cases, there have been complaints of teachers becoming perpetrators as well,\" explained Dr Jayanti Dutta , noted clinical psychologist.Though boundaries of many government schools have often been breached leading to incidents like molestation and vandalism, many private schools strictly monitor every moment students spend on the premises. Playfields and canteen areas are especially sensitive.\"Any place, which has a large gathering of students, is constantly monitored by prefects and physical education teachers. Playfields and canteens are areas where there can be a lot of pushing, shoving and bullying ,\" said Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales School, Pusa Road. The school has introduced a practice of volunteerism and a buddy system to avoid any confrontation among children. \"There are student volunteers deployed everywhere on the school premises. We have seniors helping out juniors . This prevents any conflict and helps them think beyond their own self,\" Wattal added. She said doing little things like installing games in the canteen can channelise the energy of students in a positive direction making the place friendlier.Psychologists say bullying and drug abuse are common in play areas. But schools admit they have even caught senior students indulging in obscene acts in these areas. Monitoring of children and regular communication with them is important to check any tell-tale signs of either of the problems.Meanwhile, due to low or incorrect sex awareness among children, incidents of molestation and experimental sex are a matter of mounting concern. \"Most students have access to porn sites or magazines to satiate their curiosity about sex, which they are unable to discuss with their parents or teachers . As a result, they have wrong or confused information which leads to experimentation or abuse. Children need to understand the difference between bad and good touch, and parents and teachers must be approachable for students,\" said Dr Dutta.Recent cases of students dying due to school negligence have also highlighted the need for school authorities to ensure proper barricading to mark dangerous parts of the school compound. In August 2010, a 13-year-old girl was electrocuted in northeast Delhi when she stepped on live wires inside her school premises after the school management allegedly did not even bother to barricade the area where work on an iron gate was on. Great care needs to be taken when even minor construction or repair work is conducted inside a school.The laboratory is another spot where officials have to be really cautious. It's the most accident prone area in a school after a playfield. Though only senior students access the labs, mishandling of equipment and chemicals can lead to serious accidents.Ashutosh Batta, principal, Bloom Public School, Vasant Kunj, said, \"We periodically check the equipment and electrical wiring in the lab. Also, safe and secure storage of chemicals is a priority. We have provided two wide doors for unobstructed entry in case of any emergency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943527", "title": "Not filing tax returns on time will invite jail term", "text": "JAIPUR: People causal about filing income tax returns better take note of this. A trial court in Jaipur has sentenced a businessman to one year's rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh for failing to file his income tax returns on time despite repeated notices.As per court documents, the office of joint commissioner (special range-4), income tax, here had conducted searches on the properties and office of Anil Kuchhal, a resident of Ajmer Road area, and discovered an undisclosed income of nearly Rs 10 lakh in November 1999. During the search, the income tax officers reportedly seized Rs 1.90 lakh in cash and investment documents like bonds and FDRs.When the businessman failed to file the returns despite several notices, in February 2001 the matter was taken to court that took cognizance in March same year. Since the accused finally filed the returns in November 2001, but after the stipulated time, the court started trial that ran for more than a decade.The court of additional chief judicial magistrate (economic offences wing) Chandrakala Jain decided the matter against Kuchhal and gave him one-year sentence on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944765", "title": "Juvenile breaks grill, flees, but gets caught", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making mockery of tight security arrangements in Juvenile Home in Sector 25, which is meant for minors arrested in criminal cases, a 16-year-old managed to escape after breaking an iron grill of a first floor room on Friday night. The boy was arrested for allegedly stealing a cellphone and was in juvenile home since February 9.The management of juvenile home, which is run by UT administration, lodged an FIR against two watchmen. The cops struggled to ascertain the sequence of events in the absence of CCTV cameras. On Saturday, the minor was arrested from his house near Sector 31 and again sent to juvenile home. Both contractual employees, the watchmen, Shri Ram and Sonu, have been arrested and released on regular bail on Saturday.The boy was kept in the first floor room separately on Friday due to his aggressive behaviour. Sub-inspector Gurdayal Singh said, \"Preliminary probe revealed the boy was aware of the escape route and he deliberately picked up a fight with other inmates.\" Superintendent of juvenile home Soni Butaula refused to comment. This is not the first incident of its kind as TOI has been highlighting minors' disappearances from another UT-run shelter home, Snehalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950676", "title": "Konkona Sen Sharma begins shooting in Mumbai", "text": "The actor is playing Vinay Pathak's wife in Ananth Mahadevan's 'Gaur Hari Dastaan' Priyanka Dasgupta On March 15, 2011, Konkona Sen Sharma gave birth to son Haroon.Her \"Iti Mrinalini\" released after that and ever since then, there have been speculations galore about which film the actor would begin shooting first once she decided to stage a comeback post-motherhood. On Sunday morning, Konkona faced the camera again.Before shooting began in Mumbai, she wrote on her micro blogging site: \"First day of film shoot after a year and a half and a baby!\" Among her various well wishers who congratulated her was actor Dia Mirza . The actor posted: \"You will be super :) as always!!! Have a blast!\" Though Konkona didn't reveal the name of the film she was shooting for, it is Ananth Narayan Mahadevan's \"Gaur Hari Dastaan\". While Vinay Pathak plays freedom fighter Gauri Hari Das, Konkona is essaying the role of his wife. The film also has Koko's husband, actor Ranvir Shorey, playing another freedom fighter. Gaur Hari is an Indian freedom fighter who fought for four years to free the country from the British rule and had to struggle for over 30 years in free India to prove that he'd done so to get a freedom fighter's certificate!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944769", "title": "'Glaring loopholes in Adnan murder probe'", "text": "MUMBAI: Additional sessions court judge Sanjay A Deshmukh pointed out several glaring loopholes left by both the prosecution as well as the police in the kidnap and murder case of Adnan Patrawala who was killed in 2007 but the accused could not be convicted. Referring to the manner in which the police handled the kidnapping bid, the 125-page judgment said, \"It is surprising that there is no evidence to show that the police arranged a trap to catch the accused ransom caller while handing over at least some ransom amount.\"On January 30, a sessions court acquitted Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajiv Dhariya and Amit Kaushal of the charges of kidnap and murder of the 16-year-old Patrawala. The prosecution claimed that on August 19, 2007, the four and a minor boy strangled Patrawala in Navi Mumbai after their plan to extort Rs 2 crore as ransom from his father went awry with the police getting wind of the kidnapping. His body was found dumped inside his car on Palm Beach Road in Vashi.Pointing at a glaring error, the court said the prosecution did not examined Patrawala's mother Lubna as a witness though she was the one who received a call made from Adnan's mobile to their home's landline at 1.30pm on August 19, 2007. The investigating officer had not confronted her or Adnan's father Aslam with the accused to identify their voice, the court said. The judge further pointed out that the prosecution should have adduced voice analysis evidence in support of the ransom calls. The court claimed that the seizure procedure of several articles to be produced as evidence was not done according to the procedure. \"Tampering of articles is possible,\" the judgment copy stated.The prosecution also withheld the pictures of Patrawala's body and the car. \"Further, the prosecution did not mention the details of the area where those were recovered. Evidence regarding seizure of the articles is not acceptable,\" the judge added.Another blatant mistake on the part of the prosecution, the court said, was that it did not examine the fingerprint expert who could have thrown light on the involvement of the accused. The expert was called to the spot to examine the car to show that the accused had handled the vehicle after killing Adnan.The judge also rejected the testimony given by the prosecution's star witness, Abdul Wahid, who was examined to prove the theory that Patrawala was last seen in the company of the five accused. Judge Deshmukh said the identification parade involving Wahid was not carried out in accordance with the rules under the Criminal Manual.Aslam Patrawala told TOI that he was yet to receive the judgment copy. \"I will get it either by Sunday or Monday. Once we go through it we will file our appeal in the Bombay High Court and even approach the Mantralaya,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "munich", "code": "11939121", "title": "Tips to keep your PCs, laptops dust-free", "text": "MUNICH: Skin and hair, dust and crumbs, just about everything imaginable ends up getting lodged in your keyboard.It's unpleasant and not healthy for the computer user. The only solution is regular cleaning. If you don't take the time, your computer could end up being a contagion zone, to say nothing of becoming gummed up by all the debris. Dust is the biggest threat to a computer's interior. If it gets inside the casing, it can clog up the cooling system.'In the best case scenario, that just means the system is louder because the fan has to spin faster to get enough heat out of the housing,' says Christoph Schmidt of the German computer magazine Chip. But, over time, the dust could cause overheating in the processor of the graphics chip - if the cooling system doesn't work right it can get as hot as a stovetop.It's usually only a question of time before dust gets inside a computer. The best defence is cleaning it out of troublespots such as seams or the grates of the vent and cooling system.'If you want to clean up the inside of a PC, then you have to take off the side panels, usually the one on the left if you're looking at the PC tower from the front,' says Schmidt, describing the first step.If you're cleaning up a notebook, then you have to remove the bottom panel, usually situated near the ventilation grates.Be sure not to violate the warranty by opening up a computer. Rules vary between machines, so be careful. Schmidt offers some pointers.'The warranty responsibilities are usually not lifted by opening up a side panel of a desktop PC, because those are laid out as an open system,' he says. But if elements such as the base panel of a notebook are sealed, then you can't open them without violating the warranty.Set all small parts aside for safety after opening up a computer's housing.'Then vacuum inside the PC housing with a low-powered device and get all the dust fluffs off the base,' advises Schmidt. Next, move on to the cooling system. Hold these components down while vacuuming them, as an added safety measure. One idea is to use a screwdriver to hold them in place.No special tools are needed, although you will need a vacuum cleaner with a small nozzle attachment. If there is some especially tough dirt, you might want to use some high pressure spray to push it in the direction of the vacuum.On the computer's exterior, dust isn't the main problem. There you've got to be worried about viruses and bacteria. The average keyboard is five times dirtier than a toilet seat and carries about 60 times the number of germs, reports the hygiene blog keepingitkleen.com.Devices with a lot of edges and grooves that are regularly touched by users are ideal places for germs and bacteria. That means keyboards, mice and power switches. Over time, those areas will gather skin flakes, hair fragments, dust, crumbs, saliva and particulate emitted when sneezing. If a computer - one in an office, for example - is used by multiple persons, then the health risks increase.'Especially at times of year when viral diseases are more common, like during the winter flu season, then the infection risk climbs in large workrooms or offices with a lot of people traffic,' says Anette Wahl-Wachendorf, vice president of the Association of German Business and Company Doctors. However, the group notes there is no general health risk from germs with standard use of the devices.Microfibre cloths are good for cleaning the plastic or metal housings of computers and notebooks. Another option is a lint-free paper towel with a little window or surface cleaner, says Schmidt. But avoid using such cleaners on displays, as they can leave behind streaks and could even damage the surface layer. Instead, use special screen cleaners from computer stores with a clean paper towel.Mice and keyboards are best cleaned with towels and cleaners. Be sure to clean between the individual keys with small brushes or the vacuum cleaner. If you don't want to do it yourself, there are experts who offer such services.'A simple cleaning of the key vents for the processor, graphics card and adapter should take less than 30 minutes,' says Schmidt. Desktop PCs can be cleaned faster than laptops. A fair price is usually between 40-70 euros (55-97 dollars).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944655", "title": "Tears turn into smile for Shamim Pathan", "text": "PUNE: Tears of disappointment over losing the civic election from Dalvinagar ward in Chinchwad, turned into a smile of disbelief for Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Shamim Pathan on Friday. O n Friday afternoon, the results showed Pathan lost to Madhuri Kulkarni of the Congress. A jubilant Kulkarni had even started her victory procession while a tearful Pathan along with her supporters and family members was heading home disappointed. However, her sons Sajid and Aatif were confident that their mother had won and officials counting the votes had made a mistake while adding the votes. \"My sons insisted that we go back and bring the calculation mistake to the notice of the election,\" said Pathan.Narrating the incident, she said, \"The election officials announced the votes polled by each candidate. The votes recorded in the 21 electronic voting machines were announced one by one, and my workers and sons were noting down the figures. The election officials announced that I lost the election by a margin of 36 votes, but my sons were confident that I was ahead by 10 votes.\"Pathan said she never thought that the officials would be wrong, so she ignored her sons' claim. \"I congratulated Kulkarni and went home. The party workers had begun to gather at my house. My sons Sajid and Aatif had kept a record of the votes polled in 22 rounds. They calculated the votes again and found that I secured 14 votes more than Kulkarni,\" she said.So Pathan went back to the counting centre and suggested the officials that they recount the votes. \"The officials said it was lunch time and they would cross check later. They also pointed out that they had not officially announced the result. After lunch the votes were recounted, which showed that I won by 14 votes,\" she said.By this time, her rival Kulkarni also returned to the counting centre to be told that she had lost the election to Pathan. Pathan was elected to the civic body in 1997 and 2002 on a Congress ticket. She was also the standing committee chairperson during 1999-2000.The 61-year-old Pathan was born in Karmala in Solapur district. She came to Chinchwad after her marriage to Mohammad Siraj, who was employed here. She worked as a high school teacher in Fattechand junior college. She was the vice-president twice and director for 10 years of the Pune District Central Co-operative bank. She continued to work as a teacher after being elected as corporator in 1997, but has since retired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11944951", "title": "More states oppose NCTC, govt in firefighting mode", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: With Chhattisgarh and Karnataka on Saturday joining the ranks of those opposed to the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) for being \"violative\" of the federal structure and Farooq Abdullah saying the Centre must address the states' concern, the Centre struck a reconciliatory note, saying the fight against terrorism was a shared responsibility.Speaking at a function at Badu, about 50km from Kolkata, home minister P Chidambaram said, \"I have a responsibility to work with the states to quell terror, militancy or rebellion.\" He was clearly not in a combative mood although he did not offer to amend the NCTC's powers.Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who has led the charge against the NCTC, snubbed Chidambaram by skipping the function.In Delhi, I&B; minister Ambika Soni said, \"The central government does not want the federal system be interfered with or weakened.\"Chidambaram said, \"We don't distinguish between political parties when it comes to fighting crime. Most of the Naxal-affected states are ruled by non-Congress parties, yet we are taking on the menace jointly.\"The upsurge of opposition to the NCTC also coincides with a perceived dip in the Congress's political fortunes with opposition leaders J Jayalalithaa, Naveen Patnaik, Nitish Kumar and Narendra Modi slamming the plans to give the agency powers of arrest. If the ongoing assembly elections throw up favourable results for Congress, some of this opposition might ebb. Opposition CMs are looking to box in the Centre with \"federalism\" providing the glue.Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh described the NCTC as a \"serious setback to the federal structure of the country\". He added that terrorism was a \"big threat\" but the Centre should have taken states into confidence.Sensing growing unanimity against provisions of the NCTC, Chidambaram sought to play down the spat saying \"internal security is a complex issue and responsibility has to be shared. The Constitution does say that law and order and the police are state subjects. At the same time, the Constitution holds that Centre must provide necessary protection to everybody.\"But the assurances have done little to assuage the states. With the issue becoming a political hot potato, there are indications that the home ministry is likely to slow down in the appointment of the NCTC chief, which was in the pipeline. The decision could be put off till there are some discussions with the states, sources said.Amid the escalating row, Soni said the Centre had no intention of weakening the federal structure of the country. This was backed by Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari, who said that the Centre was open to talking about the issue. \"If so many CMs have expressed their concerns, the central government will talk to them,\" Tewari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945020", "title": "GPCC minority cell lashes out at BJP", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa Pradesh Congress Committee minority cell criticized the BJP for failing to field a Muslim candidate in the forthcoming elections.\"Shaikh Jina (BJP minority cell president) is a very humble and secular person but he has been used by the BJP and has again not contested the elections from Navelim,\" said Urfan Mullah, convenor of the GPCC minority cell. He also said the BJP was indulging in double standards.Mullah chose to defend Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao and refuted charges that Alemao was corrupt during his tenure.Mullah further pointed out that the BJP national leaders had opposed the 4.5% reservation quota that was proposed by the Congress government even though the \"Mishra Commission\" report tabled in the parliament stated that Muslims were a backward community and that the reservation would have helped the Muslim community at large. \"I rubbish the claims made by Jina that the BJP will win 23 - 25 seats in the forthcoming assembly elections,\" added Mullah.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "twenty - four hours after oscar-nominated director ashvin kumar uploaded his latest film, inshallah, kashmir", "code": "11949307", "title": "Banned works at a computer near you", "text": "Twenty - four hours after Oscar-nominated director Ashvin Kumar uploaded his latest film, Inshallah, Kashmir: Living Terror, he struck 50,000 views.A rare documentary that sees Kashmiris open up about the brutality they suffer at the hands of militants and the Indian state alike, it was released for free viewing on India's 63rd Republic Day. Kumar decided to bypass the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) after his earlier work, Inshallah, Football was banned until media outcry saw it release a year later with an 'A' certificate.\"If I approach the Supreme Court, I'd probably win the battle but getting there is a long process. I'd lose valuable time. What happened on January 26 was a triumph for the online medium,\" says the Delhibased filmmaker.In a country that has the third largest Internet user population in the world, with over 120 million users as of December 2011, an innovative protest move like Kumar's makes censorship redundant. The Internet, says Nikhil Pahwa, editor of Medianama, is the final frontier for free speech; especially because of the anonymity it offers the user. Two days after Kumar's online screening, news of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (nominated for five Academy Awards ) not making it to Indian screens, was out. Director David Fincher refused to cut love-making and rape scenes as specified by the CBFC. \"The film is already available online for download, as is the case with most movies, whether banned or not,\" adds Pahwa.The irony is just as blatant in the case of literature. Run an Internet search for Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses, which was in the news all over again when the author was refused entry at this year's Jaipur Literature Festival, and there you have the entire work for your reading pleasure. Delhi-based publisher Nitin Jain of BJain Books says it's the case of Pandora's Box. \"The more you censor, the more popular it gets. Book sales figures reveal censored titles are most soughtafter in ebook format. \"The online community will never respect censorship. In fact, the more physical bans the government and puritans impose, the greater online avenues such works will find.\"Rakesh Sharma agrees. \"The more they tried clamping my freedom, the more determined I was to be heard,\" recalls the filmmaker who battled long till he won a clearance for Final Solution (2003), a study of the politics of hate, set against the Gujarat riots. Sharma encouraged piracy of his own film, handing out DVDs to the public, giving permission to individual private servers to upload the film. \"When you approach the courts, you lose time. The film is no longer topical. I decided to forego revenue just so that I could get my film across to viewers.\" The film went viral, and the last time he checked (nearly three years ago), the hits had totalled over 6,00,000.With negligible revenue streams for documentaries, distributors shying away from theatrical release, and broadcast channels paying as little at 50,000 for a screening (that's less than the cost of two days' shooting, scoffs Sharma), the Internet is the only option for experimental filmmakers like Sanjay Kak.Kak's US distributor put his controversial film, Jashn-e-Azadi (2007) online for free viewing via the Snag site. Students of Pune's Symbiosis College of Arts &amp; Science will have to log on to watch it after a recent screening at their institution was disrupted when the BJP's student wing, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad bullied the principal, saying a film about demanding azadi in Kashmir encouraged \"separatism\". Kak never applied for a censor certificate, because he didn't intend to screen it in theatres or sell it in shops. Neither did he expect to get a clearance. \"In the absence of an online presence, mischiefmakers are free to misrepresent the film. Once it's there (online), people can make up their own minds,\" he says.But with the government in the mood to control what you view, and Union information technology minister Kapil Sibal demanding that social networking sites run a toothcomb through online updates for 'objectionable' content, how long before we lose this final freedom frontier? \"Growing Internet surveillance is a trend across the globe, with governments, copyright holders and religious conservationists finding a common cause. But there are enough virtual private networks and encryption softwares to circumvent surveillance,\" says Sunil Abraham of The Centre for Internet &amp; Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945245", "title": "We\u2019ve the numbers, says BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Sena combine, which is five short of forming the government in NMC, has already secured the support of seven corporators taking its tally to 76 against the requirement of 73. South-West Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis, one of the key partyman running the operations, confirmed this on Saturday evening but refused to name them. \"We held talks with these corporators and an understanding has been reached,\" he said.Earlier in the day, Fadnavis had told the media that BJP and Sena were ready to form the government with any party except Congress and NCP.The BJP has won 62 seats while Shiv Sena's tally is six. BJP had declared support to an independent - Ramdas Gudadhe (Bastarwari). This takes the effective tally to 69. With support of the seven corporators, the saffron combine will have three more than the halfway mark.Party insiders said that two corporators of IUML, independents Ravi Dolas and Harish Dikondwar and BREM corporator Rahul Telang had already been roped in. There was difference of opinion regarding the remaining two.Two BRP-BMS corporators Raju Lokhande and Bhavna Dhake or independents Munna Pokulwar and Savita Sangole may be approached by the party. The final decision will, however, be taken by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.The BJP-Sena combine will have to prove their majority before the Nagpur divisional commissioner B Venugopal Reddy on February 27.In the outgoing government, BJP and Sena had a combined strength of 63 against the halfway mark of 69. The saffron combine had taken the support of Lokmanch, IUML and independents to secure a strength of 75 for a comfortable majority. This time BJP's target is 80.A BJP leader said that the two MNS corporators would join the ruling combine if Sena takes help of MNS to form the government in Mumbai. He said that talks with BSP, which has 12 seats, would also be held but if the party demanded more than its share, BJP would not agree for an alliance.Meanwhile, Gadkari convened a meeting of victorious NMC corporators and Nagpur ZP members at his residence on Saturday evening. Sources said that no political discussions were held and only the candidates were felicitated.Even though BJP and Shiv Sena contested the zilla parishad (ZP) elections separately, the two parties have joined hands together after the results were out and have a thin majority in Nagpur ZP. The total number of seats in ZP is 59. BJP has won 22 while Sena has won eight. Thus the combine has 30 seats, just the halfway mark.Congress and NCP had also contested the polls separately and have won total 26 seats, just four less than BJP-Sena. Last time Congress-NCP had persuaded two BJP members to cross the floor and come to power. The saffron combine is aware that with a thin majority, the rivals may try to repeat their plan.The party leaders are in touch with three members belonging to Gondwana Gantantra Party (GGP), BSP and an independent, to take the tally up to 33.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11944980", "title": "All EVMs Braille-enabled to help blind voters in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Braille-enabled electronic voting machines (EVMs), temporary and permanent ramps and such facilities are expected to facilitate trouble-free voting to the blind and differently-abled voters in the state during the March 3 assembly elections, election authorities said.According to details provided by the office of the Goa chief electoral officer, there are a total of 2,571 blind and differently-abled voters in Goa. There are 1,095 such voters in North Goa and 1,476 in the South.These include voters that are blind, bed-ridden, deaf or paralyzed. There are a total of 365 blind voters in Goa, with 129 blind voters in North Goa and 236 in South Goa. All the EVMs to be used for the elections are braille-enabled. Over 2,508 EVMs will be deployed for the elections in Goa.After the booth-level officers (BLOs) identified differently-abled voters in Goa, the election authorities organized one-day-long taluka-wise training programmes for the blind voters in Goa. The National Association for the Blind (NAB), Goa branch, offered a trainer to teach the blind voters how to use the Braille-enabled EVMs. But sources said only about 40-odd blind voters attended the training programmes.Quepem constituency has 240 blind and differently-abled voters, the highest in Goa. Velim is next with 207, then comes Curtorim with 163, Saligao with 137, Mandrem with 135 and Tivim with 134. Other constituencies with high populations of differently-abled voters are Vasco (128), Navelim (121) and Canacona (89). Benaulim and Siolim, both have only 11 differently-abled voters, the least in Goa.Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945345", "title": "JD(U) weighs plan to expand base", "text": "PATNA: Post assembly polls in five states, the JD(U) has plans to spread out. The party would soon workout organizational details to make its presence felt in the entire Hindi heartland where it currently has little presence. A decision to this effect was taken at the party's last national executive meeting.With ambitions soaring high and the Nitish model of development catching the attention of the north India, the party agenda is to set up organizational bases in states like UP, Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan, Odisha and West Bengal. The JD(U) wants to make ground in these states before the next general elections expected to be held in early 2014 -- with 'Nitish model' as the catchphrase.A section in the JD(U) wants to contest the Lok Sabha polls alone, possibly excluding Bihar, expecting a changed political scenario by the year end. \"We have no alliance with the BJP in Jharkhand and UP. There would be no problems contesting separately in other states,\" said a JD(U) office bearer, who is actively campaigning in UP.What could be a matter of concern for the BJP is the JD(U) plan to reach out to other regional parties in the states like the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal and the Biju Janata Dal in Odisha. CM Nitish Kumar is believed to have sounded out the strategy to his close confidants who will soon workout the expansion plan.The process will be accelerated after the results of the assembly polls particularly of UP where the JD(U) is contesting over 300 seats where Nitish the CM and state JD(U) chief Vashisht Narayan Singh also campaigned. The party has made several legislators and office bearers to camp in different parts of UP.\"A situation can emerge where the JD(U) may project Nitish as national leader and contender for the top post. In such an eventuality, we should go for expansion and have political ground at least in the north Indian states,\" said a Bihar minister, adding: \"The 2014 parliamentary elections will be crucial and a new force is expected to emerge.\"Another senior minister, who also held important position in the party earlier, pointed out that the result of Gujarat assembly election, expected by the year end, will decide the future course of action for the JD(U). \"If Narendra Modi returns for the third time -- there is all likelihood that he will -- a growing section in the BJP will project him as PM candidate. In that case, we will chart out our own course of action. The JD(U) as well as other NDA allies will not accept Modi anyway,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945392", "title": "Science and spirituality work together to cure insomnia", "text": "NAGPUR: Science and spirituality have always been at loggerheads. However, efforts have been on to make the two work together for the larger good of people. City-based Janardan Swami Yogabhyasi Mandal and Indian Psychiatric Society's Nagpur branch would make one such effort by means of a two month-long camp that aims to heal insomnia through yoga therapy.The camp that starts off from Sunday would combine the expertise of the eminent yoga gurus from the mandal and some of the eminent psychiatrists of the city. The mental health of those attending the camp would be documented at the beginning and the end to assess the efficiency of the traditional therapy.\"Instead of making tall claims, our mandal believes in proving ourselves. Since the last ten years, we have been conducting annual camps where we call the doctors to evaluate the condition of those attending the camps. Through the camp, we teach them several lifestyle modifications, asanas, kriyas, meditation, pranayaam and tell them about several dos and don'ts depending on their health,\" said Dr Dinesh Bapat, a physician and a senior teacher in the mandal.\"Sleep is the protective mechanism for the body and sleep disorders can lead to many problems like cardiovascular diseases and depression among others. Yoga has been a very efficient way to deal with such illnesses,\" believed Dr Kausar Abbasi, chairman of the scientific committee of IPS, Nagpur.Psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave said the his fraternity would be grouping the participants of the camp into those who have sleeping disorders due to an underlying mental illness and those who have it due to a physical one.\"In the past, we have conducted camps on diabetes, obesity, asthma, headache, menopause, etc\" informed advertiser Sanjay Arora, who is also a worker of the mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945114", "title": "Petrol pump robbery: Accused gets 7 yrs RI", "text": "PANAJI: In a robbery case at petrol pump in Malpem-Pernem in 2008, the assistant sessions court, North Goa, sentenced Domnic D'Sa from Chimbel to seven years of rigorous imprisonment.The police had charged D'Sa and Mancio Dias, who has since expired, for looting cash of over 90,000 belonging to M A Swar &amp; Sons, by brandishing sharp edged weapons during the night on August 25, 2008.The prosecution examined 14 witnesses and alleged that the accused armed with deadly weapons came to the petrol pump in a Maruti car, bearing a false number plate, and asked a sales boy to fill fuel in the car tank. Subsequently, they alighted from the car and took cash from the counter and fled towards Mapusa. The three sales boys working at the petrol station had identified the accused. Public prosecutor B Gaonkar argued that a maximum sentence be imposed on the accused, taking into consideration the gravity of the offence.While sentencing the accused, judge Vincent D'Silva observed \"In the instant case, the evidence on record clearly show that the accused, Domnic alongwith others, have committed a heinous crime on the unsuspecting sales boys who were doing their duties in a secluded place. The accused was mature enough to understand the implication of the crime committed by him.\"The court also noted that the object of awarding an appropriate sentence is to protect the society and to deter the criminal from achieving the avowed object to break the law'. The accused and others have committed the robbery with deadly weapons and the statute provides for a minimum punishment of seven years under Section 397 of theIndian Penal Code, the judge said.The court also sentenced D'Sa to undergo rigorous imprisonment for three years and pay a fine of 10,000 under Section 392 (robbery) of IPC. The sentences imposed on both counts will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946125", "title": "The seven per cent hitch", "text": "Unlike many developed nations, India can't afford to lose more points if its development and growth is to have any meaningThis really should be dubbed the winter of our economic discontent. India's GDP growth rate has shrunk and should settle somewhere around 7%. Yet finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and his mandarins keep brushing aside worry and castigating doomsayers. They point out that even 7% is robust growth when seen in the light of a global economic recession. Just how bad that recession is may be inferred by even a quick look at GDP growth figures of several Western countries for 2011. Many barely make it past 2%. An analysis of GDP growth over the last six years paints an even grimmer picture for such nations. Only China, with a whopping compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.6%, and India (8.2%) come out on top of the class. So the spinmeisters are right, but not quite.Unlike many developed nations, India - and for that matter China, too - simply can't afford to lose any more percentage points if its growth story is to have any meaning for most its citizens over the next decade or two. For a nation with one-fourth of its population still languishing below the poverty line, such high growth rates are necessities, not a luxury . Besides, all such growth figures for India and China (and indeed, for any large emerging economy) also need to be interpreted from that perspective.Developed nations, on the other hand, are just that - 'developed' . On the scale of economic development these nations have already reached an advanced level. They only need to ensure that they don't sink - by not letting their economies shrink precipitously. Low GDP growth is fine, on one macroeconomic level. This is largely how Japan, for instance, could deal with a 'lost decade' in the 1990s, and then a decade of only marginal growth and even minor shrinkage in the 2000s. Comparing India to such benchmarks is clearly a little off. Context matters greatly here.A simple hypothetical exercise will also show just why our government needs do better and, as many have pointed out, not trot out excuses for its economic mismanagement over the last two years. Using the simple metric of GDP per capita (calculated on PPP - Purchasing Power Parity terms) India's figure is currently pegged at $3,703 by the IMF ( International Monetary Fund ) and is the lowest in this bunch (see table). If the CAGR listed for each nation is also frozen and just for argument's sake we also discount population growth, when would India, with such a stunning growth rate of 8.16% (also frozen for calculation's sake), overtake each of these coun tries on GDP per capita terms? It makes for sobering reading.Even with such growth, it would take India over three decades to overhaul Brazil, France and Germany; two decades to zoom past South Africa; 29 years to overtake Russia and the UK and 35 years to even dream of overtaking the US. As for Asia's other giant, China, which has a GDP per capita that is almost two and a half times the Indian figure, and outpaces our eco nomic growth by two percentage points, status quo in terms of growth rates would clearly mean India can never hope to overtake China.So while it may seem peculiar to many lay observers of the economy, grumbling about a 'low' GDP growth rate of 7% is par for the course. India can't really settle for it. We have to do better, for all our sakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11946273", "title": "Nurses end strike at Kolencherry hospital", "text": "KOCHI: The three-week-long nurses' strike at MOSC Medical College Hospital, Kolencherry would be called off on Sunday. The hospital would restart functioning on Monday as the management agreed to the terms put forward by the nurses union and reached an agreement on Saturday. The nurses would be paid Rs 8,500 per month during probation, which would be increased to Rs 11,000 after one year. An increment of Rs 500 would be paid for each year of service.The management had stopped treatment facilities for patients on Friday as the hospital premises witnessed unruly scenes with political party activists and local residents too joined the agitation. The strike which began on January 28 has been continuing, as both parties refused to come to an agreement over the payment package.But on Saturday evening, the management held talks with the union members with V P Sajeendran MLA as mediator and decided on a package.\"It is not purely their terms that we agreed upon; the package would be somewhere in between. We hope the hospital would start functioning on Monday,\" said Joy P Jacob, secretary of the hospital.The union members are elated that the strike is coming to an end with the agreement favouring their demands. They would discuss the package and would sign the agreement on Sunday, said Reena Reji, president of the hospital unit of nurses welfare association.Meanwhile, the strike at SH Hosptial at Paynkulam in Thodupuzha is continuing, and the agitators are going ahead with protest marches and relay fasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943981", "title": "Emerald kids attempt to set records", "text": "INDORE: The Emerald Heights International School, Indore, celebrated its Founder's Day on Saturday by organizing a group hula hoop in a bid to make it to the Limca Book of Records.A group of 700 students performed hula hoop for an hour. Vedika Shridhar, a four-year-old girl performed hula for three hours. Mustansir Patharia, 5, tried to break the earlier record of two hours after performing for three hours and 15 minutes. Eleven-year-old Krutika Laddha continuously did the ring rotation for two hours using her legs, whereas 10-year-old Kaynat Zakarya performed the ring rotation on her neck for four hours without any break. The other students who competed for the record are Nirupama Khare, Pragati Shivhare, Shivani Sahu, Abha Singh Goutam, Jayati Gupta, Kopal Agrawal, Nishi Shroff, Avantika Singh, Jyotira Singh Gehlot, Muskan Goyal, Ritu Jain and Vanya Gupta.V V R Murty, the marketing manager of the Limca Book of Records, was present on the occasion. He was welcomed by the school principal Siddharth Singh and director Muktesh Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944089", "title": "First mass marriage in village of prostitutes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in 65 years after Independence, young girls in Wadia village near Palanpur are getting ready for a mass marriage. This simple act of tying the nuptial knot will change the course of this small village's history. For the first time, the girls will not be forced into the flesh trade. Wadia is known as the village of prostitutes in Gujarat.The mass marriage of 15 girls is scheduled on March 11. Invitations have been sent out and 1,500-odd baraatis are expected to come. The excitement is palpable in the village, but this has not gone down well with the touts. Fearing they will lose the girls, they have made some threat call to the organizers. Like anywhere, young girls fetch a higher price when first introduced to the trade.Sharda Bhati, local guardian of the girls and leader of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch which has got the girls and their families ready for marriage, has filed a complaint with the Tharad police station.\"Apparently, the touts don't want the girls to seek a better life for themselves,\" says Mittal Patel, co-ordinator of the Manch. \"They fear this would lead to the business of prostitution going bust.\"The prostitutes belong to the Sarania community, mainly from Rajasthan and Saurashtra. The NGO convinced boys from the community to marry the girls by building trust among them. Seven girls above 18 years of age and eight girls who are younger will take part in the mass marriage. This is commendable since most families are loathe to get a girl from Wadia as daughters-in-law as real identity of their fathers is not known.Wadia has a population of 750 people of which 100-odd women are believed to be involved in prostitution since pre-Independence days. The men of the families often live off their women's income, pimping clients.While there have been many attempts by the state government and NGOs to get the women out of the trade, they have failed due to local opposition. The manch started working with the women three years back and convinced families to marry their daughters instead of pushing them in the trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944121", "title": "1-month suspension stays on Cinepolis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a major blow to the Cinepolis multiplex at AlphaOne mall in Vastrapur, the department of information and broadcasting has refused to lift the one-month suspension imposed on the multiplex for flouting cinema license rules by screening shows way past 1 am. The government will decide on the cinema license of the multiplex before the suspension is lifted on March 2.The suspension was imposed after residents of 25 societies surrounding the multiplex complained of traffic jams that took place way past midnight as well as noise pollution and errant traffic to the state government.Deputy secretary K L Patel also turned down observations of the Ahmedabad district collector who claimed that the multiplex's closure may prove to be a blow to investment in Gujarat and the tourism sector. Patel in the order shot back at the collector by stating that the issue of investment cannot override the wellbeing and convenience of the public at large.Representatives from Cinepolis had pleaded before the licensing authority that the residential societies had \"oblique motives\" to complain against them and that their brand name was being hurt due to the ban. They also pleaded that the state exchequer was facing a loss of Rs 25 lakh worth of entertainment tax owing to the multiplex closure and employees were not paid salaries for a month. However, the multiplex admitted that their shows ran late into the night. The hearing pertaining to cancellation of the license is pending with the principal secretary I&B; K Kaliashnathan.\"There were major discrepancies in awarding of licence to Cinepolis. The collector for instance was issuing a construction permission for the multiplex on November 4 last year, while the multiplex was applying for a cinema licence on the same day. How can a multiplex be constructed in 11 days? An enquiry should be called in the case,\" claims Manish Shah of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943639", "title": "Woman dupes husband, runs away with cash, valuables", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman married to a man for nearly two years allegedly cheated him and ran away with Rs 22,000 cash and jewellery worth Rs 1.25 lakh.The incident came to light after the husband, Mukesh Chaudhary, lodged a case at Kardhani police station through 156(3) Istegasa complaint (legal compliant) late on Friday evening. He claimed that his wife, Hansa Chaudhary, cheated him as she was already married to another man just a month ago before their marriage.According to the complaint, Chaudhary said he married Hansa on May 25, 2010. A day after her marriage, she stayed with her parents stating that she was pursuing her studies.\"She never visited her husband's house except for some family functions. Almost after one-and-half years on December 17, 2011 Chaudhary requested her to stay with him and promised that she would allow her to pursue her studies while at his house,\" said an investigating police officer from Kardhani police station on Saturday.In his complaint, Chaudhary also alleged that on December 17, 2011 his wife returned and he gave her Rs 22,000 as she claimed that she needed the money to deposit her fees at Bhawani Niketan college. On that day, Hansa was also wearing all jewelleries worth Rs 1.25 lakh, his family gave her for their marriage.\"Hansa told me that I should come in the evening to pick her up. When I went in the evening, she was not there and her mobile phone was also switched off. For some months, I enquired about her with her parents but they too did not respond,\" claimed Mukesh Chaudhary while talking to TOI.\"However, I came to know that a month before marrying me she was married to one Surajbhan at the Arya Samaj temple on April 7,2010. Thus, both could be behind conspiring in cheating me,\" Chaudhary said.Police said they have initiated an investigation into the matter. \"We have just received a copy of the legal complaint filed by Chaudhary in court. We will speak to the parents of the girl about her whereabouts,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11946000", "title": "BJP, MNS tie-up likely for NMC", "text": "NASHIK: After severing its decade-old ties with Shiv Sena prior to general elections to Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Bharatiya Janata Party is likely to realign with Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS)- an experiment which may result in the BJP-MNS combination gaining power in the NMC.However, city unit chief of BJP Lakshman Savji said they have not yet decided on it. \"As of now we are engaged in meeting our elected and defeated corporators and deciding about future course of action. But anything related to alliance with any party (even MNS) will be decided at the state-level committee.\" Leader of the opposition in the assembly, Eknath Khadse, also reiterated it. \"We have not decided anything-whether to align with MNS or not. Whatever be the decision, it will be taken at the state-level,\" he told TOI. Even in the past, there have been instances when seniors indicated of party aligning itself with Raj Thackeray . Nashik has been a happy hunting ground for the MNS. The party's three MLAs have been elected from Nashik, while in this civic polls, it got 40 of its members into the NMC.\"In a way, BJP's decision to go alone in elections comes out to be well-thought of, as it has neither lost nor gained any seat with respect to the outgoing house. However, its ally has lost a few seats. And being alone, it further gives BJP a better chance to decide its 'friends' in the political field so that it can enjoy the best of all the worlds,\" said a party worker on the condition of anonymity. In the current political stand-off in NMC, MNS wants a chunk of seats which BJP can provide easily. This is the best situation where BJP can experiment with a new ally in the form of MNS, he said, adding that there are informal talks going on in the higher echelons of both the parties.Categorically denying of any such dialogues or indications at present, Savji, however, said that since BJP at Nashik-level was not in a tie-up with any party, it will be easy for the party to take the right decisions at right time, but only after senior leaders of the party decided on the issues. \"They will decide and instruct us and accordingly, we will move,\" Savji said.To a question if Sena and BJP were again deciding of coming together in NMC for any alignments, Savji and the city unit chief of Shiv Sena, Arjun Tile, both denied the move. \"We have accepted the mandate and are ready to sit in the opposition,\" Tile said. On whether the Sena was evolving new alliance strategy to share power with MNS, Tile remained non-committal.One of the leaders from the Shiv Sena said that since the aligning of MNS and Sena was related to the tale of estranged relationship between two cousins, it is the house (Matoshree) that will pull the strings wherever required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944708", "title": "Book seeks to inspire Odissi odyssey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suprava Mishra, a renowned Odissi dancer, believes that Odissi is not as popular as Kathak or Bharatnatyam because of the scant availability of good literature. A firm believer in the guru-shishya tradition, Mishra also believes that dance as a form can be bestowed on aspiring learners only by erudite gurus.\"But increasing commercialization is gradually killing this tradition. Hence, well-researched literature is the only way through which such dance forms can be passed on to the future generation,\" says Mishra, who is going to release her second book, \" Odissi Dance and Indian Culture\" very soon in the city.\"All Indian classical dances are based on notations, without an understanding of which, practicing \"taal\" and \"raag\" is not possible,\" says Mishra. \"Which is why I took up the project of writing the book. To reach to a larger audience, I chose to write it in Hindi,\" she says.The soon-to-be launched book, in one of its three sections encapsulates the history of Indian dance and music, both classical and in many folk forms, and discusses its relation with religion and aesthetic. The evolution of Odissi dance is discussed with an understanding of religious influences like Jainism and Buddhism through the era of Kharvel, and also in relation to the literature like Geet Govinda and Abhigyan Shakuntalam.\"I have also paid tribute to personalities like Kavichandra Kali Charan Pattanayak, guru Kelucharan Mohapatra and others, from whom I have learnt. One of the significant features of this book is the emphasis on the practical aspects. The repertoires of Odissi like mangalacharan, batu, pallabi are presented with notations. Even Odiya abhinaya, which is a less practiced form, is presented with its Hindi bhavarth or meaning. Following this, choreography will be easy for dancers or teachers,\" reveals Mishra.Mishra successfully juggles her career in a government organization with her passion for dance and in the process, leaves her signature in the places where she worked. Her previous book \"Indian Dances\" was received well by the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944420", "title": "I-T sleuths\u2019 raids unearth Rs 27 cr black money", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Income tax raids on three Bhavnagar-based ship-breaking firms and their associates have unearthed unaccounted for income to the tune of Rs 27 crore.A team of more than 200 officials on Friday began search-and-survey operations on 40 premises in Ahmedabad, Bhavnagar, Mumbai and Pune.The operation covered Bhavnagar-based Leela Ship Breaking, Shree Ram Group of Industries and Bansal Group. The companies are in the business of ship breaking and steel re-rolling.During the operations, officials seized Rs 2.1 crore cash and gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 3.9 crore. Officials have also sealed 16 bank lockers which will be opened on Monday. \"The operation at most the premises continued till late on Saturday,\" said a senior I-T official. \"We have recovered unaccounted for income disclosures from Komal Kant Sharma of Leela Ship Breaking and KK Bansal of Bansal Group. However, investigations are on against a few other associated firms which we suspect have evaded tax through bogus share capitals.\"Officials said that during the operation that they recovered documents suggesting that a few associated with the companies have parked unaccounted for income in a real estate projects in the city.In 2010, the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) had searched 18 premises of 11 ship-breaking companies in Alang.Investigations revealed that several companies were involved in large-scale under-valuation of excise duty and issuing of fake central value-added tax (Cenvat) invoices. Following the operation, several companies came under the I-T scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945420", "title": "'Quota OK, but women need training too'", "text": "PATNA: Mere reservation for women in panchayat and local bodies is not enough for their empowerment; they should rather be formally trained to run these bodies.This was felt by participants at a workshop on 'Extending socioeconomic and political roles of women' at the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' on Saturday. The theme was presented by SEWA Bharat chairperson Renana Jhabvala and Institute of Human Development's Amrita Datta, who noted the representation of women in legislative bodies was abysmally low but the 50% reservation in panchayati raj institutions in Bihar had the potential for improving the women's lot.The session was moderated by former Karnataka State Planning Board member Devaki Jain while the speakers included Janine Rodgers, Rashmi Singh, Nirmala Banerjee, Meera Tiwari, Manoshi Mitra Das and Suraj Kumar.Social activist Ruchira Gupta, who runs an NGO in Forbesganj to rescue and rehabilitate girls forced into prostitution, rued a large number of women and girls were not aware of the welfare schemes meant for them and had absolutely no access to development programmes in Araria district.\"Incidence of domestic violence is increasing and sex trade thriving in the countryside. These issues are not being addressed by any agency. There is lack of gender-based police stations,\" said Gupta who advocated for a mechanism at the grassroots level to help women access the welfare schemes meant for them and to provide legal assistance to them for fighting social evils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945819", "title": "HC to traffic cops: Clear roads of illegally-parked vehicles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has directed the traffic police to ensure that roads in Jangpura, Bhogal, Pant Nagar and parts of Defence Colony are not encroached upon by illegally-parked vehicles after the residents filed a contempt plea for alleged non-compliance of its earlier order.Directing the police to challan and remove such vehicles and file a fresh status report by April 26, Justice Vipin Sanghi said the DCP traffic of the area concerned should be held responsible for non-compliance of its order to decongest the roads.\"The traffic police is directed to take action against illegally-parked vehicles/taxis on the link road between Hakkikat Rai Marg and Silver Oak Park as well as on Hospital Road and Silver Oak Park,\" the court said.The bench was hearing a petition filed by the Jangpura Residents' Welfare Association and Flyover Complex Welfare Association against the Delhi Police, the traffic police and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi for allegedly not complying with the repeated directions of the court since 2002.Lawyer RK Saini, arguing for Jangpura RWA , furnished recent photographs to the court and contended that the loading and unloading of vehicles is taking place at a tent house on Hospital Road and some cars were parked illegally throughout the day, causing congestion.According to the residents, encroachments by the tehbazari rights holders were making it difficult for pedestrians to walk on the pavements. The residents urged the court to direct traffic police for the time being to deploy motor cycle-borne police personnel to ensure continuous and smooth running of traffic and removal of vehicles which have been parked on the road.The traffic police should, in consultation with residents and the shop owners on Hospital Road, work out a schedule for the period when commercial vehicles may enter the road for the purpose of loading and unloading of goods, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11946166", "title": "BJP seeks votes, says Atal once more", "text": "LUCKNOW: He might have bid adieu to active politics after retaining the Lucknow parliamentary constituency in the 14th general election in 2004 for the fourth time. But, even after eight years, Atal Bihari Vajpayee is still the most sought after leader in the Bharatiya Janata Party.Even today, the former prime minister commands huge respect from the party's rank and file irrespective of caste, creed and age. The popularity of the veteran leader could be gauged from the fact that even his opponents, who were comprehensively defeated by him in various elections, lavish praise on him. Be it senior Congress leader Dr Karan Singh, filmmaker Muzaffar Ali, or city-based doctor Madhu Gupta, everyone still remembers the octogenarian's smile.Perhaps it is these reasons, which prompted the BJP to once take refuge in the personality of the man, whose chaste Hindi won global accolades and gave India a new identity in the international arena.And, in order to yield the maximum harvest in the poll season, the BJP felt it wise to unleash its Atal power, as it would help it to keep its flock together and also project it as a non-hardliner, especially among the Muslims and non-upper caste Hindus.Describing Atal Bihari Vajpayee as the source of non-ending inspiration, senior party leader Kalraj Mishra said, \"For us Atalji is our inspiration. He has motivated us in the past and we will continue to seek inspiration from him.\" Similar views were echoed by former UP assembly Speaker Kesari Nath Tripathi: \"He may not be in good health, but that does not mean that we will not seek blessings from him.\"The craze for Atal as a party icon has been felt maximum in Lucknow, which has been described as his karmabhoomi. From large-scale hoardings at prominent places in the city displaying the mesaages of good governance to security and safety, Atal is once again one of the most talked about persons in the City of Nawabs. Even BJP's 'Sushashan Rath' (chariot of good governance) has given prominent place to the former Lucknow MP along with party president Nitin Gadkari and veteran LK Advani. Sitting MLA and party's candidate from Lucknow Central, Vidyasagar Gupta is awed by Atal's aura. He says, \"His name alone is powerful enough to make people stop and think. It was Atalji who gave India its first successful coalition government and ensured that we emerge victorious in the Kargil conflict. The improvement in the condition of roads, infrastructure and traffic started in his tenure. It is unfortunate that the concept of river networking could not take off else today the problem of flood and famine would have become a distant past.\"Another senior BJP leader and sitting MLA Suresh Srivastava recalls the love and affection which people still have for the former prime minister. He says, \"Any conversation about Atal makes people emotional. This is only because Atalji had given so much to the city and country.\" When asked why candidates in Lucknow are obsessed with the former city MP, a senior party leader said Lucknow has been a party stronghold and since this time the fight is tougher than the previous occasions, party leaders thought it wise to bank on Atal to poll maximum votes.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945323", "title": "India rejects Italy offer for joint probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the diplomatic row between India and Italy threatened to worsen over the killing of two Indian fishermen by Italian naval officials on board of tanker Enrica Lexie, Rome on Saturday offered to send a team of officials to jointly investigate the matter. The offer was made in a letter to foreign minister S M Krishna by his Italian counterpart Giulio Terzi.The Italian foreign minister also called up Krishna later expressing ``deep regret'' over the incident. He also said that he wanted the two countries to work together and find a mutually acceptable procedure to establish the facts ``beyond any doubt and determine responsibilities''. Krishna, though, replied by saying that law of the land would be applied.According to MEA, Krishna told Terzi that the loss of innocent lives could have been avoided had the naval personnel exercised restraint. ``He told his Italian counterpart that our information clearly indicated that the Indian fishermen were not carrying any arms or ammunition on board their vessel. Indian fishing vessels do not carry these on board but only fishing nets and the fish they catch. He said that the law should be allowed to take its course,'' said a foreign ministry statement.Sources here said though that the question of joint probe does not arise now. Indian ambassador to Italy Debabrata Saha too met Italian foreign ministry officials on Saturday to convey New Delhi's stand.Terzi's letter to Krishna also emphasized that there was a need for close cooperation between the two countries over the matter ``in the framework of the excellent relations between Italy and India''. Italy said that it can make available officials from its justice, foreign and defence ministries to probe all aspects of the case.Krishna also informed Terzi of his telephonic conversation with the chief minister of Kerala who conveyed the strong public opinion and agitation in the state at the loss of the innocent lives and the need for an urgent resolution of this issue. He emphasized that the personnel on board Enrica Lexie, particularly the captain of the ship and the two personnel involved in the shooting, should fully cooperate with the concerned Indian investigating authorities.Reports from Rome said that Italian navy too had opened a separate probe into the incident. The killing, however, has sparked outrage in India, with even defence minister A K Antony saying that the firing at Indian fishermen by the crew members of Enrica Lexie was against all international norms and that the guilty would be punished. Indian authorities and local police maintain that there was no justification for the Italians to open fire because the Indian fishermen were unarmed.According to Italian authorities though, the tanker Enrica Lexie - on its way to Egypt from Singapore - was attacked in international waters about 30 nautical miles off the south-western coast of India. They claim that the Italian navy personnel on board followed international protocols and fired warning shots only after ascertaining from binoculars that the ``pirates'' were armed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11946081", "title": "Two elderly women killed in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Miscreants killed two elderly women, both in their seventies, and took away cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees in broad daylight in the densely populated residential area of Rabindra Palli in Ghazipur police station area on Saturday. Both the women were relatives.They were identified as Sarla Srivastava, wife of late Suresh Chandra Srivastava, and Dev Chandra Srivastava, wife of Harihar Lal Srivastava. According to police, Dev Chandra had come to Lucknow a month back from her permanent residence in Varanasi for treatment of her eyes.Both the women were alone in the house when the incident took place, DIG D K Thakur said and added that Sarla's son Ashish, who was adopted by her from her sister-in-law Dev Chandra, and daughter Ruchi, who was also adopted by her from another brother-in-law Brijesh Srivastava, were not at home when the incident took place.While Ashish had gone to his carshowroom office, his sister Ruchi had also gone to her Gomtinagar office. Coincidently, Ashish's wife Anshu had also gone to her parents' place at Ismailganj in Chinhat police station area. The incident came to light only when Sarla's tenant Malay Ghoshal, who was getting some construction work done at his in-laws' house nearby, came in the evening at around 5.30 pm to return the bucket and a plough. After continuously knocking on the door, when Malay didn't get any response, he entered inside the drawing room to find Dev Chandra lying dead. Malay then entered the other room to find Sarla dead.Later talking to journalists, DIG D K Thakur did confirm quoting family members that some jewellery kept in an almirah, which again was coincidently left unlocked by the family, was missing. The exact time when the incident took place could not be ascertained. Since there was no forced entry, it could also be a role of some insider; however, family members told the police that Sarla was in the habit of keeping the door ajar at times.According to the DIG, Sarla prima-facie was killed by tightening tape-recorder chord around her neck, while Devchandra was killed probably by smothering using a pillow like object. This is the third such incident in the last few months when senior citizens were targeted by the miscreants.A few months back, an old woman, Swadesh Chaddha, was found killed at her house in Indiranagar where she was living alone. This was followed by murder of an old woman, Arshi Taneja, in Paandariba locality under Naka Hindola police station area while the third murder took place in Aashiana police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944414", "title": "Cops nab four for attacking two bikers at Baiderwadi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in the Shah Inayat Gunj area late Friday night following an accident in which four motorbikes were involved. According to the sources Syed Ziaullah Sayeed, 27, a resident of Shah Ali Banda was going on his motorcycle to Towlichowki along with his friend Syed Yawar, 26, of Yakutpura. Their motorbike collided with two other motorbikes in the Baiderwadi area under Shah Inayat Gunj police station limits.The accident resulted in heated arguments between the bikers followed by an attack on Sayeed and Yawar. Timely intervention of the police prevented the incident turning into a major clash. The police arrested the alleged attackers-Jaideep Singh, Anshul Kumar, Balveer Singh and Saavan Singh--from the scene and shifted the Sayeed and Yawar to Osmania General Hospital where they were treated as out-patients.The police registered a case under Section 341 (wrongful restraint) and 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) against the accused and produced them before the court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948106", "title": "Mamas is ready", "text": "Mollywood director Mamas, who was busy with his latest Cinema Company, is all set for his second cinema outing.The director, who wrapped up the shoot of the film the other day, threw a grand party for his team. The party saw the team letting their hair down after a hectic schedule. There was music, fun, food and masti unlimited.\"It was indeed an occasion to celebrate. We worked our bones out for so many days and when it was time to say goodbye, we decided to do it in style,\" says the director. On the last day of the shoot, the crew shot a Punjabi song. Cinema Company was in news because of the casting call it had, where the director decided to introduce seven fresh faces to M-town. The movie revolves around the life of a bunch of youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11952185", "title": "Govt to study cell phone tower radiation on birds", "text": "CHENNAI: The ministry for environment and forests has commissioned a vital three-month study to understand the impact of mobile phone tower radiation on birds and insects in the wake of disappearing bird species and bees. \"I have heard these radiations have deleterious impact on birds. In Odisha, I heard that crows and other birds have fallen dead from the sky.There has been no understanding on this,\" said Jayanthi Natarajan , minister for environment and forests on the sidelines of the sixth edition of Beacon 2012, organised by the Loyola Institute of Business Administration on the importance of 'eco-innovation' in business models. \"And this is what prompted us to do the study,\" she added. She also said that she plans to write to the telecom minister. \"They should set up a separate task force to monitor the radiation impacts these towers have,\" she said.The minister also said she is strongly against the idea of Dow Chemicals being one of the sponsors of the Olympics. \"As an Indian, I feel that someone who has caused such tremendous damage to the environment cannot be allowed to sponsor,\" she said.The minister is also mooting the idea of monitoring all industries 24X7.\"I agree that there have been gaps in our monitoring systems. The state pollution control boards will monitor all industries with consent to operate license to check for increases in pollution levels,\" she said. The results will be put on the MoEF's website where the public can see and scrutinize.Jayanthi also suggested that industries have some amount of self-regulation when it comes to damaging the environment. \"We can't keep policing them all of the time. Industries should understand that green and clean business is good business,\" she said. \"But most corporate companies have been very cooperative and responsible,\" she added. Yet there is a long way to go, she said.\"I suggest that they not only have a corporate social responsibility but also a corporate social and environment responsibility. We need to know what the company has done to the environment. The companies should disclose this on internet so that there is transparency,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945771", "title": "Worms eating into productivity, well-being of EWS children", "text": "NEW DELHI: Children from weaker sections in the national capital are more susceptible to worms, which impact their productivity and well-being.A medical examination of 3,251 children, as part of a study in Delhi, revealed the average prevalence of common worms was 16.09%. In slums, however, the prevalence was higher.To assess the spread of worms among children, a study was carried out last year. As many as 3,251 children were surveyed in Delhi government and MCD schools besides 48 slums. The state government's health department, All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) and NGO - Deworm the World - came together in this endeavour.The survey laid out the average prevalence was 16.09%. The figures were significantly higher in MCD schools (18.86%) and slums (18.79%) as against government schools (9.91 %).With worms impacting the mental and physical development of children, the Delhi government has decided to mark February 21 as deworming day.Yogita Kumar from Deworm the World said soil-transmitted worms are common infestations in pre-school and school-age children among the poor, causing anaemia, malnutrition, retarded physical and mental growth. It also leads to less educational gains and productivity as adults, she added. \"To deal with worm infestations, a multi-pronged approach is required comprising health education, sanitation and regular deworming. With health education and sanitation being long-term goals, regular deworming is the most effective way of getting rid of the disease in children,\" Kumar said.She said several studies have shown deworming has had a significant and positive impact on health, nutritional status, growth, cognitive functions and educational achievements among children.During the first stage of the programme on February 21, deworming drugs will be administered to an estimated 37 lakh children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943664", "title": "Chargesheet against Jigna likely on Feb 21", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch is likely to file a supplementary chargesheet against journalist Jigna Vora in the murder case of senior reporter J Dey on February 21. The stipulated period for filing the chargesheet against Jigna ends on February 22.Sources said the crime branch, without directly spelling out the motive behind the crime, is expected to give enough reasons to support its theory that the murder was a fallout of professional rivalry.During the probe, the police learnt that Jigna had allegedly poisoned underworld don Chhota Rajan's mind against Dey by telling him that the senior reporter had been writing negative stories about him. The police are likely to cite two articles written by Dey in which he had vilified Rajan and his gang. In fact, some witnesses deposed in court and said that Rajan had told them that he ordered the hit on Dey after being instigated by Jigna.The police are awaiting the state forensic science laboratory (FSL)'s reports on Jigna's mobile and laptop. It is believed that Jigna had used these gadgets to communicate with Rajan.\"We completed the investigation long ago and are awaiting the FSL report. The stipulated period for filing the chargesheet against Jigna ends on February 22. We will probably file the chargesheet on February 21,\" a crime branch officer said. Sources said the FSL has not been able to retrieve the contents of Jigna's mobile and laptop and the police will have to rely on the printouts of Jigna's call records.\"We have enough technical evidence such as printouts of Jigna's call records to nail Jigna in the case,\" said an officer.Police last November had filed a 3,000 pages chargesheet against 11 accused but did not provide any reason for the killing. Sources said that police in the supplementary chargesheet will mention the motive behind Dey's killing.Jigna became the 11th person to be arrested in connection with Dey's murder. case is accused of instigating Chhota Rajan and passing on his photo, addresses of his residence as well office. Dey, a journalist with the tabloid was shot dead on June 11 outside his residence at Powai.Vinod Asrani, who allegedly identified Dey for the shooters, a few days prior to the murder, was shifted to JJ Hospital from the Arthur Road jail last week due to various ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11944875", "title": "Apathy turns manhole into trap for motorists", "text": "BANGALORE: When civic agency indifference meets desperate need for safety, residents come up with ingenious solutions to neighbourhood problems. Residents of Seppings Road are using a disused chair to tackle a manhole-cum- death trap near Coles Park. For two days, the makeshift manhole cover is posing a serious threat to pedestrians and motorists.\"The problem started with a small hole created by vehicles and soon it got wider. The lid of the manhole slowly broke off and the manhole became a gaping hole. Currently, it's big enough for even an adult to fall through and be washed away.We registered a complaint with the BBMP but no one is bothered,'' said a shop owner in the area. Residents said that the narrow stretch that leads to Coles Park junction is gridlocked due to the manhole problem.\"We covered the hole with a chair to prevent accidents. It may not be repaired on Saturday or even Sunday as they're holidays. We're scared it might lead to a major accident,\" said another resident. Officials don't know about the problem. \"I'm not aware of it. I haven't received any complaint about this manhole. But I'll make sure it's covered by Sunday,\" Shashidhar G, assistant executive engineer, BWSSB, told STOI. Area corporator Fareeda said, \"I have not received any complaint. I'll inspect the area on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11944462", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines crippled as a/cs attached for tax dues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uncertainty has again gripped Kingfisher passengers with the airline's crisis worsening after tax authorities late last week attached its bank accounts over non-payment of tax deducted at source (TDS). While this latest account attachment has crippled the almost bankrupt airline's cash flow, the fact that an aircraft suffered a bird hit and another had a cracked windshield on Friday further brought down its pruned operational fleet.As a result, airport sources said one-third of its reduced daily schedule of 240 flights has been getting affected since Friday, leaving passengers in the lurch with the last-minute cancellations. Some bases like Kolkata were particularly hit as some airline ground staff - which has been unpaid for months - refused to work and flights got hit. Sources say similar threats of no-pay-no-work from employees and airport operators from many other places like Lucknow, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Srinagar and Hyderabad may force the airline to shut down operations from some bases. Even some international fights of the airline may get affected.However, Kingfisher CEO Sanjay Aggarwal said: \"We are operating over 200 of our daily flights. About 20 to 30 flights have been temporarily cancelled or combined till next Sunday (February 26) and will be back in the system from 27th. We are not going to pull out operations from any base and about 10 aircraft will be back in service soon. We are in talks with investors and the airline will soon get recapitalized.\"While passenger suffering is mounting due to Kingfisher's financial troubles, the aviation ministry says it cannot do anything about the way the airline runs. \"It is for the DGCA to act as the regulator. We cannot ask an airline to close down. As far as passengers are concerned, they are free to choose the airline they wish to fly as per the image of various players in the industry. Kingfisher will have to compensate passengers for refusing boarding and last-minute cancellations,\" said a senior ministry official.Kingfisher's financial woes are fast worsening. A senior Airports Authority of India (AAI) official said: \"Last week we asked Kingfisher to start diluting its old dues of Rs 250 crore. They gave a cheque of Rs 14 crore which bounced. Now Kingfisher has written saying we should wait for our money as the other option for the airline is to shut down. The crisis at Kingfisher is getting worse by the day.\"The DGCA had found Kingfisher a \"fit case\" for licence cancellation during a recent financial audit due to financial stress. The airline's accounts were recently frozen by service tax authorities; their employees have not been paid for two months now; their operational fleet is getting lesser by the day and vendors like airport shave run up huge dues. But what the aviation ministry does remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948003", "title": "Finally, this is the real me: Roma", "text": "Now this is a makeover that both the audience and the actress in question, has been waiting for.Mollywood actress Roma is thrilled that she has finally got herself a role that showcases a classier and sexier side to her.\"I have completed 12 films in Malayalam, of which none of them required me to play a role that could be considered glamourous. I believe my onscreen image was set when my first film here, Notebook, became a hit. I have always been signed on to play the sweet and bubbly girl-next-door. People here never thought I could look this different. So to play a rock star on screen is like a dream come true... finally!\" says Roma.In Grandmaster, the audience will see Roma singing a rock number on screen. \"The Malayalam audience has never seen me like this. The look, the outfit , the makeup - it's a complete onscreen makeover. I do hope they like what they see. Choreographer Brinda has designed the song beautifully and I love the way it has turned out,\" says Roma, of the number that is composed by Deepak Dev.Though, she adds that this look is, in fact, what one would find her in off screen. \"Strangely, this is the way I usually dress. I do party with friends back in Chennai, and wear what I please. I hope this makeover will help change how people perceive me,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945304", "title": "City Congress president alleges massive goof up in voters list", "text": "NAGPUR: Political leaders and some losing candidates have alleged large scale irregularities during polling and counting of votes in NMC elections. Some candidates have already announced their intention to approach the courts to challenge the voter lists and the counting procedure.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta has alleged that in at least a dozen wards more votes were polled than the number of registered voters! He has also reiterated doubts over the voters list, which listed 19 lakh voters for the corporation elections while the city recorded just 24 lakh population in the 2011 census.Several parties have also protested over names not appearing or appearing wrongly. On election day as well as counting day, many candidates and political parties had raised objections to the problems in electoral lists.\"The ratio of census and voters was skewed,\" insists city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta.In 2011, NMC administration had declared the population of Nagpur city as 24,05,421. The district election officer has declared the number of voters in Nagpur city as 19,86,057. Many feel that it is not possible. Of the population, at least 7 lakh population should be minors and children. In fact, with 24 lakh population, the number of voters should be between 16 to 17 lakh, said Gupta.Gupta also claimed that there were many prabhags where number of registered voters was, say, 16,000, but the number of votes polled was around 18,000. All these indicate major goof up in voters list, he claimed.On Saturday evening, city Congress unit convened a meeting where the issue was discussed. Gupta said that at least 14 party candidates lost due to goof ups in voters list. He pointed out that recently he had also raised a doubt that people from Chhattisgarh with fake voting cards were being brought in by the opposition to vote in the city.Agreeing with Gupta, former corporator Kishore Jichkar too wondered about the small difference between number of voters and census figures. Citing examples of major goof ups in voters list, he said that in Civil Lines prabhag, the voting percentage was not increased due to missing of names.Superintendent of NMC's election department Ravindra Page said the list of voters was prepared by the district collectorate. In fact, the blocks had been demarcated as per population census of 2011, he said.Justifying the figures of population census and electoral list, district collector Saurabh Rao said that of the 24 lakh city population, around 15 to 20% population would be minors. So, the number of voters comes to around 19 lakh. He, however, admitted that names of many voters (who had either shifted or died) were not properly updated in the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945992", "title": "Parties wait for MNS to make the first move, Raj in city today", "text": "NASHIK: As the suspense continues on who would rule the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) after the elections resulted in a hung house, political parties are waiting for the MNS to make the first move. MNS chief Raj Thackeray is scheduled to visit Nashik on Sunday to interact with local leaders of his party.Thackeray is expected to discuss the possibility of political realignment by forming a post-poll alliance with other parties to come to power in the NMC. He is also likely to discuss the mayoral candidate of the party in event of getting control of the civic body.In the house of 122, the MNS has emerged as the single-largest party winning 40 seats, and needs 22 more to reach the magic figure of 62. The Congress-NCP alliance secured 35 seats, while the Shiv Sena and the BJP that had contested the polls separately got 19 and 14 seats, respectively.The RPI (A), an ally of the Sena, won three seats, the CPM three, the Jan Rajya Aghadi two and six are independents. In the 2007 elections, the Sena had won 26 and its ally BJP had won 14 seats. While the Sena's strength has reduced to 19 in 2012, the strength of the BJP has remained constant.The Congress , which had won 21 seats in 2007, could win only 15 seats while ally NCP improved its tally from 17 in 2007 to 20 in 2012. The MNS surged ahead by increasing its strength from 12 in 2007 to 40 in 2012.Meanwhile, other political parties are waiting for the MNS to stake claim to take control of the NMC. The Congress-NCP apparently showed no interest in making any effort on Saturday. \"At the moment, there is no such move on our part...there are no meetings or efforts in this direction,\" Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11944907", "title": "Scarf it up to stand out", "text": "Wool, silk, satin, cotton or any other material that you can think of, scarves are just ideal in any form, size and shape. And they not just add elegance to a look - these have the power to transform a dry glum look into a sophisticated and fashionable one. This popular and versatile fashion accessory has been around for years. It not only saves one from chilling cold, but also helps add a touch of glamour. From thin and filmy silks to knitted, bulky winter warmers, these scarves are available in the market in spectrum of designs and colours.From branded to non branded showrooms, one can find these scarves at every fashion store. This winter, a variety of scarves have made a special place in everyone's wardrobe, be it men or women, though everyone has a separate reason to wear one. Vasudha Gupta, 24, and a resident of Sector 38, Chandigarh, said, \"I always have a scarf with me in winter. I carry a woollen one in winter and in summer the silk one. I put it around my head and face while driving. It saves my hair from the wind and also saves me from the cold wind in winter and tanning in summer.\"No longer simply worn for warmth in the winter months, scarves have become one of the hottest accessories for women. They add colour, style and pizazz to any outfit at an affordable price.\"Scarves are an affordable way to accessorize, stay with the trends and add creativity to your look. I have around 50 scarves in my collection. Name any colour and you will find it. I like to wear scarves which are not too glittery and are in single or double shades as they can be worn with many different dresses,\" said Rupinder Kaur, first year mass communication student.Purnima, a second year English honour student, said, \"In winter I love to wear red, blue and green coloured scarves nicely tucked inside the overcoat or jacket. Moreover, I like to pick up these scarves from small shops as they have unique stuff. Branded scarves are too simple and expensive.\"\"Winter is the perfect time of the year to wear scarves. They are easy to carry and the best part is that they save you from the chill. I love the simple gradient multi-coloured scarves and wraps of chiffon, silk, or light cotton. Viscose wraps and most of all divine pashimina silk wraps are my favourites,\" said Arushi Sharma, a Class XII student.The best thing about a scarf is the fact that they can be worn all year long. A floral scarf with a light tee and jean is the perfect way of transition to spring. And why not just tuck a scarf in your purse during those summer outings!\"All of us want to be stylish and keep up with the latest trends in all seasons. Whenever I go out I make sure I pick up a few that can be worn with all kind of dresses, professional or casuals,\" said Pallavi Chauhan fashion designing student from Inter National Institute of Fashion Designing in Sector 8, Chandigarh.Whether one is a seasoned pro at styling and can never seem to have enough, or just starting to see scarves as something more than just something for under your winter outfits, these accessories are a must for all wardrobes across all seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943553", "title": "JDA set to develop Woodland Park", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is now all set to develop Woodland Park in a phase manner in the Mansarovar area near here. The first phase will be on around 32 bigah land.The design of the park with an estimated cost of Rs 8.5 crore has been given a go ahead nod by JDA which is likely to float tenders on February 21.\"We have estimated the cost of Rs 8.5 crore to develop the park. On Februrary 21, the tenders for the project will be invited,\" a JDA official said, adding, \"After the completion of tender process, the work for developing the park will be started within one month.\"According to the official, it will take at least one year to develop the park and is proposed to be on the dimensions of the Central Park in C-Scheme. He said the design of the park was accepted after the consultancy firm preparing it incorporated suggestions for a few changes and submitted a detailed project report (DPR) including a beautification plan of the drain over which the park would be developed.Officials said the park will be developed in two phases on 70 bigah land. \"Around two lakh plants and trees of various species are proposed to be planted in the park. It has special features such as areas for children and clay track among others,\" the JDA official said. \"The park will be developed without tampering the natural beauty. Also, as the park will be in a nullah, it is proposed to develop a biological treatment plants to contain the foul smell,\" he said.Earlier, the JDA had asked for a few changes in the DPR presented by the consultancy firm. \"In the previous design of the park, construction of a water body was proposed. However, authorities were not in its favour. Also, we have mentioned to lay a kuchcha walkway in the park. The firmed concerned was also asked to increase the parking area in the park,\" another offical said.The state government had recently allotted around 40 hectares of nullah land near Shipra Path behind Jhoolai Lal market to the JDA to develop this park. According to an official, there had been a prolonged dispute between Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) and the irrigation department over the rights on this land. However, in a recently concluded meeting headed by the chief secretary S Ahmed, it was decided to allot the land to the JDA for development of a park. Residents have welcomed the news and commented, \"This will be beneficial for us. As the city is expanding, such parks are required and such proper segmentation in different zones will reduce travel time to use such facilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11948735", "title": "Cold weather persists in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cold conditions continued on Sunday in Punjab and Haryana, despite a marginal increase in minimum temperature at some places.In Punjab, Amritsar registered a low of 6 deg C, down one degree, the MeT department said here.Ludhiana recorded a minimum of 8.9 deg C, down one notch, while Patiala's low of 8.6 deg C was also one point below normal.Chandigarh registered a low of 8.9 deg C, while Ambala in Haryana recorded a minimum of 9.9 deg C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11943547", "title": "Most winners enjoy support of less than 30% electorate", "text": "A majority of the 227 corporators who were elected to power on Thursday enjoy the support of less than 30% of the voting population in their civic wards. This is inferred from a detailed analysis of winning votes as against the number of registered voters in that area.In the city's southern-most tip, the four corporators elected to govern the Colaba, Cuffe Parade, and Churchgate belt enjoy the support of only 13.44% of the electorate in these neighbourhoods. The tony pockets, which recorded a rock-bottom voter turnout of 34% in the current elections, saw some close finishes with Congress corporator Anita Yadav winning ward no. 226 on a wafer-thin margin of 20 votes.This voter apathy was also reflected in the nearby areas of Marine Lines, Marine Drive-Crawford Market and Dhobi Talao where the four corporators-two from the Shiv Sena and one each from the Samajwadi Party and Bhartiya Janata Party-collectively won votes that are merely 13.67% of the number of registered Mumbaikars.In only two civic wards did the elected corporators win on the support of more than 30% of their neighbourhood's voters. These include the politically-sensitive areas of Kurla-Kalina and the eastern suburbs of Powai-Vikhroli-Bhandup, which saw among the largest number of citizens exercising their franchise.While the figures may question the popular mandate of our elected representatives, given that most of them garnered not even one-third of the public's support, political analysts say that a democratic mandate rests on the one who wins a fair and free election. Citizens who didn't bother voting have no right to question the representation of elected corporators, say analysts. \"While we can question whether candidates are actually representative of their wards if they don't even enjoy the support of half the voters, their win in an election indicates they have won the relative mandate, even if it may not be the popular one,\" said Surendra Jondhale, political analyst, Mumbai University.Sneha Palnitkar of the All India Institute of Local Self Governance pointed out that whether citizens have voted or not, the corporator who has come to power is the representative of their constituency. \"It's up to citizens to form pressure groups and develop benchmarks whereby they can make the elected representatives responsive to their concerns.\" The city, she said, needs citizen-political interfaces along the lines of those in developed countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11944233", "title": "Cheque bounce case: Warrant against Azharrudin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday issued non-bailable warrant against Congress MP Mohd Azharrudin for his failure to appear before it in connection with a cheque bounce case.Metropolitan magistrate Vikrant Vaid issued warrant against him for March 1 after rejecting his counsel's submission that he was busy in the election campaigning in the ongoing UP Assembly polls. The case is in connection with the selling of Azharrudin's Mumbai property to a Delhi-based businessman, Sanjay Solanki. The dispute started when the cheque returned to Solanki by Azharrudin, when the deal was called off by the former captain, bounced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945094", "title": "'Churchill, Cong govt also to blame for MoI fiasco'", "text": "PANAJI: Trinamool Congress president Wilfred de Souza on Saturday ridiculed PWD minister Churchill Alemao for blaming opposition leader Manohar Parrikar for English in primary schools, saying Alemao was also responsible for the failure of the government to implement its own cabinet decision.Briefing the media, De Souza said that after the cabinet approved grants to English medium primary schools, it also issued circulars to schools informing them of its decision. The government issued another circular for the benefit of parents. But later opponents of the decision filed a public interest litigation in the high court.De Souza said he approached the Supreme Court on behalf of parents, but during court hearings on the MoI issue in the high court, at the request of the government, the advocate general told the court that the government would not implement its decision.\"Can Churchill Alemao tell us why on July 18 the advocate general told this to the court on the instructions of the government of which he was a cabinet minister?\" De Souza asked.The former chief minister who has worn several political hats, said his Trinamool Congress is the only party in Goa to state in its election manifesto that it supports English in primary schools. \"The Congress has stayed its own decision, so they cannot blame others,\" De Souza said.When told that the Trinamool Congress candidate in Bicholim constituency, Pandurang Raut, was a staunch supporter of Marathi and would therefore be opposed to the Trinamool Congress decision to support English, De Souza said that having joined the party, Raut must endorse the party's policies on all issues.If he has lied at the time of admission into the party and does not abide by the Trinamool Congress' programmes the party will take action against him, De Souza said.Even before the decision to cancel the Panaji Carnival float parade was announced, De Souza demanded that the Carnival be cancelled in view of the tragedy at Calvim.De Souza, who visited the tragedy site described the incident as a \"terrible tragedy\" and expressed his condolences to the bereaved families.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945841", "title": "\u2018Old ties with India will only get stronger\u2019", "text": "Within hours of Monday's attack, Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu was accusing Iran . How were you so sure? Let us survey the forest. Iranian terrorists have been targeting Israel for decades now. They have created an eco-system of terror, particu larly in the last couple of years. We had warn ings about a possible attack in Thailand against Israeli diplomats. There have been other at tempts, in Baku, Tbilisi and Turkey. Within 24 hours we had three different incidents in dif ferent parts of the world, and we had definite reason to believe that Israeli diplomats were being targeted by Iran.How will this attack impact India-Israel relations? If there is any impact, it is that we're more determined than ever to promote and solidify our relations with India. The last time Israelis were targeted in India was during 26/11. But look at this incident. You have Israelis and Indians working together, investigating to gether. The victims this time were one Israeli lady and three Indians. One was the driver Manoj Sharma, who risked his own life to save the life of my colleague, by pulling her out of the bur ning car. That's not insignificant. We are all deeply grateful to him. I had the privilege of meeting him in hospital with his entire family. This is important. We are not going to leave any stone unturned in getting to the bottom of this incident.Is the India-Israel relationship only about security and defence? This is a unique and existential set of rela tions. They go beyond the trivial. They touch the livelihoods of our people. I understand that security and defence are considered the stars of the evening but we're doing so much more on agriculture, and research and de velopment, both scientific and industrial We're working on water and soon we will be working on energy issues. Our energy min ister will be here next week. These are tre mendously important. The India-Israel re lationship should be looked at as being more holistic and balanced.What struck you most about this incident? Well, you know, 9/11 will always have the image of Osama bin Laden, or 26/11 will be of the lone surviving terrorist's face. For me, this attack will always be about the victim. That's what is different about this incident. I have been in many terror situations before, but to have a close colleague as a victim,who is your respon sibility... That was a very different feeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945863", "title": "Hotel security guard murdered", "text": "VARANASI: A private security guard of a hotel was murdered in a field near the hotel in Patwadh village under Chopan police station limits in Sonbhadra district on Saturday morning. According to reports, Babundar of Bhabhaich village was working as a security guard at a hotel along the highway in Patwadh area.In the wee hours on Saturday, he had gone to the fields to answer nature's call when some unidentified miscreants cut his tongue and stabbed him. He died on the spot while the killers fled. The incident came to light when Babundar's cousin who also works at same hotel went to the field after some time and saw the body lying in a pool of blood. On receiving information of the incident, the police reached the incident site and sent the body for postmortem. The killers were traceless while the motive behind the murder also could not become clear.This was the fourth killing of this nature in this area in the past two years. A few months back, a truck driver was also murdered in the same fashion. Boy commits suicide: Sushil (14), a native of Chak Lalchandpur village under Jiyanpur police station area in Azamgarh district, committed suicide after consuming poison on Saturday.According to reports, Sushil had quarreled with his parents when they refused to serve him some more tea in the morning. Thereafter, he left home and after consuming poison, he returned and fell unconscious.His family rushed him to a local hospital where doctors referred him to Varanasi. But he died on the way. Woman dies: Sudama Devi (27), a native of Dhakva village under Chaubeypur police station limits, was found hanging from the ceiling of his room in mysterious circumstances on Saturday morning. Sudama was married to Pinto of Dhakva village several years back. On receiving the information of her death, her parents and brothers reached Dhakva village and alleged that Sudama was killed for dowry. They lodged a named FIR with the police against Pinto and his father. All the in-laws and accused persons were absconding.Police sent the body for postmortem. Boy crushed to death: Pushkar, a 4-year-old boy, was crushed to death by an SUV (jeep) outside his house on Robertsganj-Ghorawal Road under Robertsganj police station limits in Sonbhadra district on Saturday morning. The locals caught the vehicle and also assaulted the driver but he managed to escape. In protest against this incident, the locals blocked the road and staged a massive demonstration. Situation normalised following the intervention of police.Mother, son die: A woman, Rajkumari (50), and her son Shivdutt (30) were killed after being hit by a train near their residence in Urua village under Padari police station limits in Mirzapur district on Saturday morning. According to reports, Rajkumari and her husband Radhey Maurya had quarreled on Friday night. Upset over it, Rajkumari reached on the railway tracks. On knowing it, her son Shivdutt also rushed to save her. But before he could succeed, both of them came under the wheels of a train and died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11949053", "title": "Mangalorean community radio Sarang wins national award", "text": "MANGALORE: Community Radio Sarang 107.8FM at St Aloysius College here won the second best programme award at for Promoting Local Culture, at First National Awards for Community Radios, in New Delhi on Saturday. The awards, instituted by Ministry of Information and Broadcasting for the first time, intends to recognize and promote the best practices of Community Radios across the country.The competition included five categories such as Best Programmess in Promoting Local Culture, Adapting Creative and Innovative Content Practices, Sustainability Model, Thematic Programme, and Community Engagement sections. Among the currently operationalized 130 community radio Stations in India, Community Radio Sarang 107.8FM secured the award in the Best Programme in Promoting Local Culture for its programme in Beary language.The programme \"Beary Harate'' is chat show of Beary women of Mangalore. In it, local women discuss HIV/AIDS , its causes and discusses people's role in prevention. Beary language is spoken by a small group of local Muslims in Mangalore, specially in Ullal, Thokkottu, and around. The award applauds Radio Sarang's efforts in promoting local language, with thematic thrust.Sarang launched in September 2009 by the college as part of its social outreach activity. It started broadcasting two hours a day, and gradually increased its broadcast. Currently Sarang broadcasts 24 hours a day, and is India's only 24-hour Community Radio. It programming includes health and hygiene, legal awareness programs, promoting Konkani, Tulu, Beary, and Kannada folk songs and other elements. The radio broadcasts Yakshagana, harikatha in Tulu and Kannada, Vovyo, Vers, baal-githam, huminyo, etc in Konkani, agricultural programs, and other community-oriented theme-based programs.In May, Radio Sarang under the guidance of its founder-director Fr Richard Rego, conducted a one-day RJ training for local women. In December, it also held a week-long capacity building workshop for local women on producing health content for radio; 25 women participated in the workshop. S Jagatrakshakan, Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, handed over the awards.Fr Rego said: ``We are very happy and excited. We never thought we will reach this stage. We had submitted our nomination at the last moment and the award came as surprise to us. The award brings in more responsibility as people will expect more from us. This award will help us in getting more involved Beary community.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944644", "title": "Increase road safety awareness to prevent accidents: Report", "text": "PUNE: The need for prioritisation of road safety education with a focus on issues like drunk driving, driving fast, negligent and rash driving are among the 22 main recommendations highlighted in a report submitted recently to the ministry of road transport and highways. A working group on road safety education has made the suggestions that assume significance in the wake of increasing fatal accidents on the city roads and highways.\"In India, people consider it their right to use roads as per individual convenience. Citizens often don't respect laws and, thus, create hazards for themselves and other road users. For instance, two-wheeler riders vehemently refuse to wear helmets. Intense awareness activities coupled with enforcement are required to sensitise people and bring about an attitudinal change,\" the committee observed.Speaking to TOI, city-based road safety activist Chandmal Parmar, one of the members of the working group, said the report has in all made 22 main recommendations, many of which are significant for Pune. \"One of the main targets for the government is to reduce by half the number of accidents and fatalities in the country by 2020,\" he said.The committee stresses the need to inculcate self-discipline among road users by way of constant reminders such as road safety slogans, mobile tones, SMSs and so on. \"Information dissemination about road safety programmes needs to be increased significantly, since most road users and managers are quite ignorant about them,\" the report said.The report said there is lack of ownership among various organisations regarding road safety education and these issues are last in the priority list of road construction and traffic management departments. \"Awareness on the subject should be a continuous process and not once-a-year event.\" The committee has urged that the traffic rule enforcement and road engineering teams need to follow the best practices from across the world. It has cited the example of how cases of drunk driving are handled in other countries, instead of letting the offenders free due to complications of third party insurance. The report has cited a best practice in the US where mothers against drunk driving often send their representatives to schools to speak to students who have attained the age where they start driving.The report recommends that a national road safety policy and supporting laws are needed to reduce by half the number of road accidents and fatalities by 2020. \"A comprehensive plan of action to bring down road accidents by involving other main aspects such as emergency care, enforcement of traffic rules and regulations and engineering (roads and vehicles) is needed.\" The committee said there is lack of coordination among various departments whose works relate to road safety issues and identified various problems associated with awareness. While the government should monitor enforcement and engineering aspects, vehicle manufacturers should stress on safer vehicle design. Education and coordination among government departments, manufacturers, police, medical personnel and road users is a must.Pointing out that there is absence of road safety councils at state or regional levels, the committee has said that support for educational activities on road safety is minimal both from the side of the government and private agencies. Absence of financial support further discourages innovations in road safety education. The committee has said that the data collection and reporting system, which at present is dodgy, needs to be strengthened for implementing good analytical solutions. About road safety awareness, accidents and fatalities, the committee has observed, \"We cannot afford to continue on a business-as-usual approach, but require concerted efforts at all levels.\" The committee has observed that there is absence of routine training programmes for traffic police and drivers, who spend maximum time on the roads. \"They are the best people to suggest or advise the government regarding road engineering or traffic enforcement as they are regular witnesses to incidents on roads,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11946574", "title": "Fifth and final phase of polling today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As finishing touches were being given to arrangements for the fifth and final phase of the three-tier panchayat polls on Sunday, the ruling BJD said on Saturday it could end up with 650 of the 854 zilla parishad seats.\"I believe we could bag 650 ZP seats,\" said senior BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra, considered the chief strategist of the regional party. The BJD estimate came on the eve of the final phase of elections, during which polling would be held at 11,177 booths in 806 panchayats, spread over 111 zilla parishad zones in 48 blocks of 24 districts.Sunday would also see re-polling at 204 booths in nine districts, where voting was disrupted in the earlier phases, State Election Commission sources said. State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy said due to poll disruption during the fourth phase on February 17, re-polling has been ordered in 41 wards, comprising 18 wards in Jajpur, 13 wards in Cuttack, five in Nayagarh, four in Kendrapada and one in Koraput.Meanwhile, going by unofficial reports, the ruling BJD has won 554 of the 753 ZP seats for which elections have been held in the first four phases. The Congress and the BJP have triumphed in 108 and 41 seats respectively, unconfirmed reports said.State Congress president Niranjan Patnaik attributed the party's poor show to its failure to send across the message of the good works of UPA government to people in the state. \"There is a perception that all that is happening in the state is because of Naveen Patnaik. We could not dispel that idea,\" said Niranjan, who has been accusing the BJD of taking credit for good works of the Congress-led Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11945857", "title": "Furnish details of medical faculty, CIC tells MCI", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: In a significant order that will help eradicate fake faculty members in private medical colleges, the Central Information Commission has directed the Medical Council of India (MCI) to furnish details of faculty members, their designations and their joining dates on its website and update the information every quarter.Puducherry Government Medical Officers' Association general secretary Dr K Sudhakar had filed an application under the RTI Act with the MCI public information officer (PIO) seeking details about faculty members in nine private medical colleges in Puducherry.Unsatisfied with the reply given by the PIO, Sudhakar filed an appeal with the first appellate authority , which failed to pass an order within the stipulated time. Sudhakar then approached the CIC. Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi ordered the MCI to furnish names of faculty members, their designations and joining dates on its website and update the information every quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11945566", "title": "\u2018All options on table if Iran goes nuclear\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: In escalating war of words, US defence secretary Leon Panetta has warned Iran that \"all options\" are on the table if Tehran blocks the Straits of Hormuz or if it goes nuclear.\"We've made clear that we will not tolerate an Iran that tries to block the Straits of Hormuz. A fifth of the oil of the world goes through those straits. They're international waters. We're not going to allow them to block that,\" he warned.\"If they cross one of those lines, then we, the United States, have all options on the table. But, as the PM of Israel himself said, that ought to be the last option, not the first,\" the defence secretary said.The US, he said, doesn't want an Iran that spreads violence around the world, that supports terrorism, that conducts acts of violence. PTIUS, EU ready for N-talks with IranWhile keeping their options open, the US and EU have signalled that talks with Iran over its nuclear programme could resume, for the first time in more than a year, after Tehran dropped pre-conditions to a dialogue.\"It's good to see the letter has arrived and there is a possibility that Iran is ready for talks,\" European foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944707", "title": "Railway clerk thrashed for assaulting man", "text": "MUMBAI: A booking clerk was beaten up by commuters after he assaulted a 43-year-old man following an argument at a ticket booking window at Ghatkopar station on Saturday morning.Dharamnath Patil (43), resident of Ram Nagar, Ghatkopar (W), along with his wife and a female relative were at the station to go to Alibaug for a wedding. At the booking counters, Patil approached window no. 10(Vikhroli-end booking office), being manned by clerk Manojkumar Mishra. Patil, who has a minor speech disorder and tends to lisp while speaking certain words, asked Mishra for two tickets to CST. Mishra didn't seem to understand the station name.Lavu Raut, husband of the female relative who was travelling with Patil and his wife, said, \"Patil then asked for tickets to VT. But Mishra mocked him by asking whether he wanted tickets for CST or VT. The conversation turned ugly into an argument after an angry Patil asked Mishra how many years he had spent in the railways as he did not know that CST and VT are names of the same station.\"This infuriated Mishra and he thrust his hand out of the window to catch hold of Patil's shirt. Mishra tore the shirt and broke Patil's 17gm gold chain, worth Rs 37,000, which went missing later. Raut further said, \"After the assault, Patil was walking away from the window when other commuters came to know of the incident, saw him and asked him what had happened. When Patil told them of the incident, the angry commuters rushed into the booking office and thrashed Mishra with a stick and punches.\"In order to stop the clash , Patil's wife stood at the door and did not allow commuters to enter the booking office and stopped them from beating up Mishra, he added.After the incident, window no. 9 and 10 were shut for an hour. However, CR officials claimed that there was no flash strike. CR PRO AK Singh, said, \"Mishra was sent to Byculla Hospital. We are probing the incident.\"The GRP has registered a non-cognizable offence against Mishra while a case under Section 332 has been registered against Patil and others for voluntarily causing hurt to deter a public servant from his duty.Recently, a ticket checker at CST railway station was bashed up by commuters after the TC thrashed a man for not showing him ticket.why he did not understand that both are the same station despite spending so many years in the railways.also suffered injury and lost his 17g gold chain after being assaulted by booking clerk Manojkumar Mishra, who was manning the Window No. 10 (Vikhroli end booking office).Patil, his wife and a female relative had started from Ghatkopar to travel to Alibaug to attend a wedding. At the booking window, Patil asked for two tickets to CST from the booking clerk, who did not seem to understand the name of the station. Patil also has minor speech disorder as he tends to lisps while speaking certain words.Lavu Raut, a close relative of Patil said, \"Patil than asked for tickets to VT. But Mishra tried to act smart by asking Patil if he wanted a ticket to CST or VT. The conversation turned into an argument after Patil asked Mishra the years he had spent in railways to not understand the similarity between these names.\"This provoked Mishra, who thrust his hand from the gap of the booking window to grab Patil's shirt. Mishra managed to tear his shirt and even broke his gold chain worth Rs 37,000, which is still missing.Raut claimed, \"Despite the assault, Patil was quietly walking away from the booking office. A disheveled Patil grabbed the attention of others, who were curious to know his tale. When Patil narrated the incident, commuters rushed into the booking office to assault Mishra. He was beaten up by a stick and fisticuffs 3 to 4 people. Raut said that Patil's wife prevented the commuters from attacking the clerk. He said, \"She physically prevented the mob from entering the booking office by standing at the door or else the situation could have taken a turn for the worse.\"Soon after the incident, the booking clerks stopped work for more than an hour at Window no. 9 and 10. The Central Railway claimed there was no flash strike by our staff but the booking windows were closed to clean up the blood stains. The booking window was opened within a couple of hours.AK Singh, Public Relations Officer, Central Railway, said, \"The booking clerk was sent to Byculla Hospital for treatment. We are inquiring into the incident to ascertain the facts behind the violence.\" GRP has registered a non-cognizable offence against Mishra, while a case under Section 332 for voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty against Patil and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "greater noida/noida", "code": "11944990", "title": "Polls: Rahul, Maya head for showdown", "text": "GREATER NOIDA/NOIDA: With Congress scion Rahul Gandhi likely to visit Jewar - the constituency that houses the twin villages of Bhatta and Parsaul - on February 23 and BSP supremo Mayawati scheduled to visit Noida on February 22, the stand-off between the two political heavyweights is likely to reach its zenith before the Assembly elections. The Congress leader sounded the poll bugle in May last year when he reached the villages riding pillion on a motorcycle and confronted the Mayawati government on land acquisition. However, Mayawati has not yet broken her silence over the Bhatta-Parsaul violence.The twin villages have been enveloped with an air of discontent against the government's land acquisition practices following the May clashes. However, it remains to be seen whether Congress - the pacifier which stood up for the farmers - or JD(U) - which has fielded farmer leader Manveer Tewatia as its candidate - is successful in converting the anti-Maya sentiments into votes. \"Rahulji was instrumental in restoring peace. Without his intervention, the villages would have been destroyed,\" said Mukhat Lal Sharma, who was injured in the May clashes.\"Since then, no politician or administrative official has visited the village. It's almost as if we have been forgotten,\" he added.Rahul's visit to the two villages will be instrumental in tilting the balance in Congress's favour, feel villagers. \"The Congress leader has become is extremely popular in the villages after his stay and foot march, but JD(U)'s decision to field Tewatia will probably lead to a division of votes. However, Rahul's visit will reaffirm his sincerity,\" said Lakhim Chand Sharma, another farmer.Though political pundits may believe that Mayawati's continuing silence on Bhatta-Parsaul violence will make matters worse, BSP doesn't seem to agree. In a rally on February 17, BSP officials announced that Mayawati will be visiting the district on February 22, though the details of her visit weren't made public. \"Rahul Gandhi only hampered the development process in the district by using the farmers' pain to his political benefit. He's a foreigner who has no knowledge about the issues the state is grappling with\", said Satish Chandra Mishra, national general secretary, BSP.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944403", "title": "Women of this village pimped by their kin", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sight of men, brothers and fathers of girls queuing up along the Palanpur-Tharad highway, attracting the passing by truckers and men from neighbouring villages to stop by and sleep with their sisters and daughters is common in Wadia village since time immemorial.Wadia - a hamlet situated in the Banaskantha district of North Gujarat - is the only village openly known for prostitution in Gujarat, which otherwise does not boast of any red-light areas, and flesh trade is a business which thrives underground. Since pre-Independence, the village has been known to attract men from many places. Such is the acceptance in the village that most men have turned into pimps and openly solicit clients for the women of their family.There have been many attempts at bringing the women of this village out of prostitution but due to the high acceptance amongst their own community, the women were pushed back into the fold. One major reason behind this was that girls were not considered marriage material since they carried the stamp of being daughters of prostitutes.\"Such is the stigma that even boys of this village do not get brides. They are forced to buy brides by paying a hefty price,\" says a village elder.Wadia has seen a number of NGO interventions, especially for HIV prevention and treatment, as decades of prostitution has left many women infected with Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD) and HIV.Secretary of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch Mittal Patel says that their organization started working with women of the village and wanted to bring change at a social level. \"It was acknowledged that if we are able to find grooms for the Wadia girls, the business of prostitution would die a natural death here. Once the girls start families elsewhere, it would prompt more girls to think out of the trade,\" says Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945146", "title": "Once at centre of power, now behind bars", "text": "CHENNAI: The arrest of M Natarajan, the globe-trotting husband of N Sasikalaa, the erstwhile friend of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, by the Thanjavur police from his house in Besant Nagar in Chennai on Saturday has not come as a surprise. It was expected ever since Jayalalithaa expelled Sasikalaa and her close relatives from the AIADMK in December though reasons for it remain unknown. At least 15 relatives and associates of Sasikalaa were expelled from the party and criminal action initiated against two of them including her brother V K Divakaran and M R P Ravanan.Interestingly, Natarajan's arrest coincides with his wife's deposition before a Bangalore special court where Sasikalaa sought to give a clean chit to her estranged friend Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate wealth case saying that the AIADMK chief was only a dormant partner in the two firms in which they were partners.Fifty-four-year-old Natarajan, the biggest rallying point for the Sasikalaa family members, was considered the third most powerful individual after Jayalalithaa and Sasikalaa, both in the AIADMK and in the government whenever the party was in power. Though the couple were said to be estranged, Sasikalaa, sources said, was taking care of her husband's interests even while staying at the Poes Garden residence of Jayalalithaa for over two decades. Many sitting and former MLAs and MPs owe much to Natarajan for their political career.Even senior bureaucrats had made a beeline to Nararajan's house for securing plum postings after the AIADMK assumed charge in May last year. Responding to reports of a possible rapprochement between herself and the Sasikalaa group, Jayalalithaa recently made it clear to her partymen that she will not go back on her decision to expel her once close associate and her relatives. She followed up her decision with the arrests of some of Sasikalaa's close relativesA highly placed source said Natarajan was under the scanner of the state police for a while. \"We have been monitoring his activities. He used to frequently travel to many foreign cities including Dubai, London, New York and Singapore , where he has business interests,\" said an official.Natarajan began his career in government services as an assistant public relations officer in the state information department and left the job when he was a PRO. Over the years, Natarajan developed close links with many pro-Tamil and pro-Eelam groups. He publishes two propaganda journals in Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11946284", "title": "Young candidates brace up for old challenges", "text": "LUCKNOW: If Daulatganj near Kudia ghat in the Old City is taken as one end and Daudnagar as the other end in Faizullahganj, the distance between the two is barely 4km. The only barrier between the two ends is the Gomti which bisects them. Historians claim the British once marched through the stretch by constructing a makeshift bridge over the river, only to dismantle it later.In between the two ends lie nearly 20 wards. Welcome to Lucknow North, the newly carved out constituency from Mahona and Lucknow West. The constituency is a unique mix of old and new Lucknow. The constuituency has got civic problems as a legacy from the old seats. These include lack of proper sewage system, poor waste disposal, dysfunctional streetlights, waterlogging, sprawling slums and traffic snarls.The biggest problem, though, is lack a proper hospital in the constituency. The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University is now part of Lucknow West.Only two years ago, Khadra and Faizullahganj localities of this constituency were rocked by dengue and cholera epidemic which claimed nearly a dozen lives. Life has come to a standstill for Munni Devi who lost her 22-year-old son in the epidemic. \"All this was the reason,'' she said pointing towards the heaps of garbage that lay dumped in the open.After the epidemic some ambulances are stationed in the area after every monsoon as a precautionary measure. \"But that is not the remedy. There has to be a mechanism to check the spread of dengue and other epidemic,'' said Akhilesh, a resident of Khadra.About 2km away, Shobhit Mishra, a resident Sitapur Road, looked impatient as he waited by the closed gate of Daliganj railway crossing. He had to rush to pick his daughter from school.\"Invariably this jam prolongs for at least half a hour and at times even more,'' he said. \"Had they constructed a railway over bridge the problem would have got solved,'' he said.The ROB is among the main issues that most candidates have taken on their agenda. \"It was there some 15 years ago as well. What happened? Nothing,'' Mishra rued.For residents of Jankipuram, the locality which till 2007 was under Mahona constituency, elections do not bring much hope.The locality has been in news for some worst instances of waterlogging in recent years. \"The roads were dug up casually to lay sewer lines. That aggravated the problem even further,'' said Kanhaiyya Lal Chaurasia, a resident of Jankipuram. `But while they try to fix the problem of sewage, we also face the problem of drinking water,'' he said.Aliganj, considered a posh area, has recovered from road digging only partially. Shashi Prakash,a local resident, said traffic movement is no longer smooth in the area.The part of the Old City like Hussainabad, Lajpatnagar, Muftiganj and Chowk too have been facing civic problems - from lack of proper drainage to poor roads to erratic power supply. `At times power cuts prolong for over 12 hours,'' said Amit, a resident of Chowk.Politically, the seat has drawn much attention as Samajwadi Party's Abhishek Mishra, a former IIM Ahmedabad professor and BJP MP Lalji Tandon's son Ashutosh Tandon aka Gopal have made their political debut.A major section of the constituency was once part of Lucknow West which was represented by Lalji Tandon who vacated the seat after winning the Lok Sabha election in 2009. The bypoll in November 2009 changed the scenario as Congress candidate Shyam Kishore Shukla won from here defeating BJP candidate Amit Puri, though by a slim margin of just over 2000 votes.Abhishek Mishra carries the image of a professional and an educationist. SP had earlier projected Yameen Khan as its candidate party's state president Akhilesh Yadav decided to field Abhishek, who is the son of UP's former housing secretary JS Mishra.Congress has fielded Neeraj Bora. Bora, a doctor by profession, claims to be a social worker. He had earlier unsuccessfully contested election from Lucknow West as a BSP candidate. Son of former MLA DP Bora, Neeraj owns a hospital and a management institute where he also teaches.Arun Dwivedi, a prominent businessman of Lucknow, is the BSP candidate. Richest of them all, Dwivedi, was earlier projected as a mayoral candidate until the local bodies were put on hold. During his campaigns Dwivedi is projecting BSP's contribution to the constituency and the city as a whole.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11938962", "title": "Vidya Balan to perform an item song", "text": "After dancing to the tunes of Ooh La La as the south siren Silk Smitha in 'The Dirty Picture', Vidya Balan has now donned a Maharashtrian avatar for a traditional lavani number called Mala Jau De! in Vidhu Vinod Chopra's 'Ferrari Ki Sawaari'.This is Balan's first item song and she spent over three weeks rehearsing for it with a local troupe from Kolhapur.Not wanting to make it a typical Bollywood dance number, director Rajesh Mapuskar was adamant that Vidya work with authentic folk dancers, who even choreographed the number.A source reveals, \"Vidya was very excited as she's never done a lavani song before. Naturally, this was new ground for her. She took a lot of interest in everything, from how to wear the traditional sari and accessories to learning the steps and nuances correctly.\"The dancers from Kolhapur are custodians of the art form and have kept the tradition alive by passing it down several generations.Mala Jau De! was shot over a period of three days and Vidya didn't take long to get the facial expressions and movements right. \"She is very proud of the song and can't wait for everyone to see it,\" adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11946632", "title": "Amandeep adjudged best athlete", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Amandeep Kaur of BA-I was declared the best athlete of the college at the 51st annual athletic meet of Khalsa College for Women , Civil Lines, on Saturday. In the closing ceremony, graduate and postgraduate students performed the march past and proved their mettle in various final sports events that included obstacle race, chatti race, spoon and potato race.Acknowledging the achievements of the students, principal Varinder Kaur Thind highlighted that KCW stars bagged 38 gold medals, 22 silver and 26 bronze medals this year in various sports competitions.She had a word of appreciation for the consistent efforts put in by Amarjeet Kaur, head of physical education department and the coaches.On the final day, students performed cultural activities and entertained the spectators.The event concluded with the national anthem.Results: 200 mt race Gurpreet BA ; Amandeep BA-I, Amandeep MA-I; 400 mt race Gurpreet Kaur BA-I; Jasbir BA-I; Satinder Kaur BA-I; Chatti race Mamta BA-II; Sukhdeep BSc-I; Manpreet BSc-III; Sack race Parminder BA-III; Narinder BA-III, Charandeep BA-I; Spoon &amp; potato race Amandeep Kaur BSc-I, Mandeep BA-II; Obstacle race Sandeep BA-I; Monika BA-II; Manjeet BA-III; 4 x 100 mt relay race Jasbir, Gurpreet, Satinder, Mandeep BA-I; Mandeep, Parminder, Teena, Narinder BA-III; Monika, Arti, Rajvir, Mamta BA-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11945779", "title": "Sunday suspense: Will Sachin\u2019s bat steal Lucknow ballot show?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will Lucknow come out to vote on Sunday or will it be glued to TV sets waiting for Sachin Tendulkar's 100th ton? Given that the first three phases of polling recorded impressive turnouts, this will be a unique contest between bat and ballot.The Master Blaster has been stuck on his 99th international hundred for 11 months now and when India takes on Australia at Brisbane on Sunday, Tendulkar will once again be on the hunt for the rare milestone.The EC is unfazed by Sunday's India-Australia tie. \"India is playing good cricket and there will surely be expectations from Tendulkar. But we don't think that should affect voter turnout. People are aware that voting is much more important. Diehard fans can go out to vote early in the morning and then see Sachin score his 100th international ton. Nothing better than that. Isn't it?\" an EC official told TOI.Trouble is Lucknow residents have traditionally been reluctant voters. History says so. In 2007, only 36.35% of the electorate voted in the assembly polls. The state capital has never managed a 50% turnout. The maximum polling was in the 1996 assembly polls when 49.05% voted.The EC is pulling out all stops to draw voters. From balloons, banners and hoardings to social media, the poll panel's efforts are commendable . The EC has been on Facebook and YouTube. The UP CEO's website has registered a good number of hits. But will that mean more voters in Lucknow on Sunday? If Anupam Singh Somvanshi's Facebook page is any indicator, there's hope. \"19th Feb ko vote mujhe bhi dena hai. Jarur dena hai. Come on UP, achieve 65% polling. Last chance! (sic),\" it says. Many first-time voters like him seem eager to vote this time.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945411", "title": "Rlys to launch new system to clean tracks", "text": "PATNA: For maintaining good hygienic condition on the railway tracks, the railways is mulling seriously to introduce a new system to keep tracks clean across the country at a cost of about Rs 10,000 crore annually.Though the railways would find it difficult to arrange such a huge fund, it is committed to carry out the proposed plan in the next fiscal. According to the railway ministry sources, the railways has prepared a blueprint for converting the present toilets on the pattern of airlines or bio-digesters.While the railways would incur about Rs 25 lakh per coach (per train) for converting the toilets on the pattern of airlines, it would cost about Rs 75,000 per coach for using bio-digesters system, sources said, adding an Indian version toilet would cost about Rs 3 lakh per coach.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has been running more than 40,000 passenger coaches across the country daily. These coaches are built on the pattern and design approved by the Indian Railways as well as by the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO), he said.In fact, human excreta littered on tracks at most of the major stations lead to unhygienic condition in and around the railway station premises.The railways, which has outsourced cleanliness drive in almost every zone, is incurring a huge expenditure on keeping tracks clean, particularly at station areas, said a Board official, adding the railways is still facing the brunt of passengers for not keeping tracks clean all the time at major stations.The bio-digester model of toilet is at present under trial on the Gawalior-Varanansi Bundlekhand Express. It has proved to be successful so far and the railways intends to install such toilets in about 2,500 trains during 2012-2013, a Board official said. The railways had earlier decided to use vacuum discharge model of toilets which are at present in use in the prestigious Shatabdi Express.This model would cost the railways between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 30 lakh per coach. This process is based on German technology, sources said, adding the railways is also holding a trial of IIT Kanpur and Research Development and Standards Organization (RDSO), Lucknow, designed toilet model which would cost about Rs 10 lakh per coach if it is adopted by the railways.In the East Central Railway (ECR), Patna Junction, Mughalsarai, Barauni, Gaya, Dhanbad, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga and other class A stations are facing difficulty in keeping tracks clean. The railways has outsourced cleanliness work at these stations, yet the condition continues to be grim, admitted an ECR official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944401", "title": "Seven killed in slum blaze", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven people, including four children, were killed when a fire gutted a slum of about 300 migrant workers in Gundla Pochampally village of Ranga Reddy district on Saturday. About 100 huts were reduced to ashes in the fire.The fire broke out at around 1pm. Most of the workers were at a construction site then. Combustible material used to build the huts stoked the flames. Bali B (80) and her grandson Khaja (8), Rajitha (35) and her two children Vishal (3) and Anchal (1), Sayappa (35) and his niece Triveni died on the spot, fire officials said. Ramulu (25), another labourer, suffered minor injuries and was discharged after treatment at the Medchal Government Hospital.The workers have been living here for about a month. Some were locals while others had come from Mahbubnagar and Warangal districts. Some also belonged to Madhya Pradesh and Orissa. They were working on real estate developer Trident's residential project, located less than a kilometre away from the gutted colony on the Nagpur highway.Two fire engines, one from Jeedimetla and another from Sanathnagar, were rushed to the site to douse the fire. Fire officials said it took them about an hour to put out the flames. The labourers were shifted to a nearby primary school. Ironically, four fire engines had been sent when dry grass caught fire at Shamshabad airport near the VIP parking on Friday.A case of negligence under Section 304 (A) of IPC has been booked against Trident Properties Pvt Ltd, the realtors which had employed the workers and Swarjita Builders which had brought the workers to Hyderabad for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11947671", "title": "Air India staffer held for helping currency smuggler at Chennai airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence sleuths have seized US dollars worth Rs 20 lakh from inside a Singapore bound AI 346 Air India aircraft which was ready to board passengers early on Sunday.The novel modus operandi used by smugglers point to a severe security breach. An Air India catering superintendent, MNVRK Prasad, took the small packet containing dollars in the high security area and into the flight. He kept it in the magazine pouch of seat 24A where the passenger, M Shajahan of Royapuram, was supposed to sit.DRI additional director general C Rajan said that Prasad received the packet containing the currency on Saturday evening. \"He hid the packet inside his reflector jacket, travelled along with a food cart, boarded the plane and kept it in the magazine pouch of the seat before passengers were boarded,\" Rajan said.Shajahan seems to have informed him about his seat number after getting the boarding pass.DRI officials asked the airline to delay boarding and seized the money. The catering superintendent and passenger were arrested.The Air india staff sneaked the packet past the high security gate 9 of airport and past the airline security at the door of the plane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11950053", "title": "Fishermen killing: Two Italian naval guards taken into custody", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Police on Sunday took two Italian naval guards into custody for their alleged involvement in the killing of two Indian fishermen off south Kerala coast on Wednesday afternoon. The police gave the names of the detained persons Latorre Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone.They were taken from the Italian vessel Enrica Lexie which is being detained at Cochin Port since Friday.The Ernakulam Range IG Padmakumar told TOI here that they have been taken under section 302 of the IPC, which deals with murder cases. He said the duo have been detained for detailed interrogation. The naval guards have been later shifted to CISF Guest House in Kochi, and they will be questioned further by the police commissioners of Kochi and Kollam.Padmakumar said since the incident had happened in the ship, the captain of the ship was also responsible. The captain also accompanied the detained naval guards along with the police. He said the Italian crew cooperated with the police during the interrogation.The arrest followed the Union home ministry giving the necessary clearance and the Italian crew agreeing to cooperate with the Kerala police in the investigations. Hectic parleys between the Italian officials preceded the arrest both in New Delhi and Kochi. A team of Italian officials had arrived in Koch on Friday itself for discussions with the Kerala police, while high level diplomatic dialogues were being held between the foreign ministry officials of both countries in New Delhi.Earlier, top officials of the Kerala police boarded the ship and questioned the crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945223", "title": "Carnival parade in Panaji cancelled as Goa mourns tragedy", "text": "PANAJI: The Calvim bus tragedy in which seven passengers, including four school children, drowned, cast a pall of gloom over the state and the government immediately cancelled Carnival celebrations in the capital city, Panaji , minutes before the floats' parade was to commence.Revellers, including domestic and foreign tourists, had started gradually gathering from 2pm along the parade route-D B Marg-even as the Carnival theme song blared from loudspeakers.Most revellers were unaware of the bus tragedy that had taken place around 12.20pm at the Aldona-Calvim ferry point in Aldona village about 22km from Panaji.The revellers were patiently anticipating the start of the float parade that was scheduled to start at 3pm.Around 3.30pm the media was informed that the chief minister had instructed the chief secretary to cancel the Carnival celebrations in Panaji.Chief minister Digambar Kamat told STOI, \"It's a big tragedy and we have decided to cancel Carnival celebrations in Panaji.\"Officials will discuss by Sunday morning whether the floats' parade in other towns should be cancelled or not. Carnival festivities usually commence on Fat Saturday (Sabardo Gordo) and end on Tuesday night.At D B Marg, besides the occasional announcement by host that the parade would begin soon, there were no indications that the floats' parade had been cancelled.VIPs and family members continued coming to the VIP enclosure.Around 3.30pm murmurs of the event being cancelled began swirling.This was just the beginning of the confusion. Organizers seemed clueless of the cancellation and so were the police personnel. In between the music, the host announced again that the King Momo-led parade would begin soon.Finally, around 3.50pm the organizers announced that the Carnival had been cancelled due to the deaths of the school children.Following the terse announcement, the music continued to play from the loudspeakers adding to the confusion.After another five minutes, the music finally stopped and the host, William Anes, made another announcement informing people that the Carnival had been cancelled and that \"people bear with the organizers and go peacefully to their homes\".Most spectators along the route didn't realize that the event had been called off and continued waiting. Others seemed too stunned and remained rooted to their spots for quite some time as well. A search helicopter could be seen repeatedly hovering over the Mandovi area.Many revellers were seen approaching volunteers and police seeking information. Some continued sitting in the enclosures.All foreigners TOI spoke expressed sorrow at the tragedy. \"It is very sad, very sad,\" said Alex Law from Britain. Asked if he was disappointed with the cancellation, Dirk Verweig who has come to Goa from Holland with two friends said, \"No, I understand it.\"Though they had planned their vacation during Carnival time, German couple, Tanja and Torsten Zimehe said, \"It is very sad that children have died. We understand the cancellation.\"Hemant Shukla who had come from Delhi, said, \"I booked (trip to Goa) because Carnival was confirmed, so I am disappointed. But the incident (bus tragedy) is unfortunate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945366", "title": "BJP set to co-opt 3 members, Cong 2", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP has pipped the Congress not only in the overall numbers, it has also earned the right to co-opt three members as against two by its rivals.A senior official told TOI that the party that wins 29 seats gets one to co-opt. With BJP winning 68, it can bring in three. The Congress-NCP will have to be content with the remaining two as it has won only 47 seats.According to rules the right to co-opt members is arrived by dividing the total number of seats (145) by five. With the addition of the five co-opted members, the strength of the house will go to the maximum of 150.\"During the election of mayor and deputy, the parties can nominate the co-opt members. The parties also have the option to do it after the body is formed,\" said the NMC official.In 2007, the BJP nominated three co-opt corporators - Girish Vyas, Raman Paigwar and Subhash Aparajit - after the body was formed. The two co-opt corporators of Congress - Prashant Dhawad and Yashwant Kumbhalkar - were nominated after two years.In the previous election, the BJP and Shiv Sena came to an understanding on the co-opt seats with the latter getting none. There was no pre-poll alliance between the Congress and NCP. Therefore, the Congress too nominated its own party leaders as co-opt corporators. Now, it remains to be seen what the major alliances would do to co-opt the members.Sources in the BJP said that the leaders who 'sacrificed' their seats are likely to be rewarded with the co-opt seats. As such, the likely leaders include Prakash Totwani, Sanjay Bangale, Sanjay Bhonde, Kalpana Pande and Pushpa Ghode. Barring Bangale, the others were sitting corporators.Bangale's wife Manjusha was a sitting corporator but he was asked not to contest to pave way for BJP city president Anil Sole. If Sena is given one of the three seats, there is a likelihood of deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe, who lost the elections, getting in as a co-opt member. Aspiring leaders are already trying to pull weights to ensure their nomination.From the Congress-NCP camp, little quiet. However, the likely contenders for the co-opt seats are Yashwant Kumbhalkar, Tanveer Ahmed and Raman Paigwar. If NCP gets one seat, Vedprakash Arya may get the nod.Co-opt corporators get all facilities on the lines of the elected corporators but have no say when it comes to electing a mayor, deputy, standing committee chairman etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11943644", "title": "Five of Kharghar family killed in E-way mishap", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Five members of a family, including a three-year-old boy, were killed and after the SUV they were travelling in collided with a truck on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway near Kalamboli on Saturday.The victims were residents of Kharghar. Four relatives of the deceased were also injured in the mishap.The accident occurred around 5.15am when 10 members of the Lokhande family, including four children, were on their way to Kharghar from their native place in Solapur. The driver of the truck, which had a Punjab registration number (PB 06 L 8599), fled the spot after the accident, said the Kalamboli police, which is probing the crash. The truck driver has been booked in the case.\"We reached the spot and found that the Xylo (MH 06 J 9797) the Lokhandes were travelling in had hit the rear of the truck at a great speed. The SUV's front was totally mangled in the accident,\" said a police officer.Anil Lokhande (30), who resided at Gharkul housing society at Sector 15 in Kharghar, was at the wheel at the time of the mishap and was killed in the crash. Anil's wife Sujata (28), son Abhishek (3) and sister-in-law Rani Sunil Lokhande (25) died on the spot. Anil's mother Latika (57) died of her injuries at MGM Hospital in Kamothe.The Lokhandes had left Solapur, which is nearly 370 kms from Kharghar, on Friday night. As it takes almost six hours to cover this distance, it is likely that the driver momentarily lost concentration due to fatigue. The cops suspect that the truck driver applied brakes suddenly, leading to the crash.The Lokhandes ran a travel company in Navi Mumbai and had gone to Solapur to attend a religious ceremony. The injured are Sunil (33), his son Shubham (7), daughter Gauri (6) and niece Gayatri (5). The victims' bodies have reportedly been taken to their native place for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11947951", "title": "8.08 er Bonga Local's release date announced", "text": "The unit of Debaditya's \" 8.08 er Bonga Local\" came together recently at a city auditorium. \"The purpose was to make a formal announcement of the film's release date.We have zeroed in on April 13 for the film to hit theatres. You can say that this will be my gift to the city on Poila Baisakh,\" says the filmmaker. Debaditya is also happy that the event turned out to be more like a wrap-up party for the unit. \"Post-shooting, we could never let our hair down. So, this was our chance.It was adda unlimited at the venue. I am glad that Tapasda (Paul) and Haradhan Bandopadhyay had graced the occasion. In fact, we felicitated the latter there also,\"Debaditya signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945377", "title": "Hostel owner held for rape attempt", "text": "PATNA: A day after police arrested one Babloo and servant of a private girls' hostel at Naya Tola in Patna on the charge of attempting to rape a girl inmate, Satish Kumar , owner of Umang Hostel in the Fairfield Colony at Digha, was arrested on Saturday for allegedly attempting to rape a 13-year-old physically-challenged inmate.SP (City) Kim said the deaf and dumb girl, a Class VI student, gave her statement to police through gestures. The incident took place on Thursday night and the girl, a student of Ashadeep School, informed her teacher about it the next day. The hostel owner also allegedly assaulted her for disclosing the incident.\"I saw injury marks on her legs,\" Kim said and added police would submit the charge sheet at the earliest and the case would be put on speedy trial.Digha SHO Suryakant Choubey said an FIR has been lodged in this regaqrd on the basis of a complaint filed by the girl's parents, who reside at Gaurichak in Patna district. The FIR alleged Satish entered the girl's room around 8pm and fled only after the girl somehow managed to draw the attention of other hostel inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945100", "title": "Meet BJP\u2019s face in Mominpura", "text": "NAGPUR: The victory of BJP nominee Jaitunbi Ansari (popularly known as Patel) from Mominpura, a predominantly Muslim area, in the just-concluded Nagpur Municipal Corporation polls, is an indication that the saffron party is going all out to woo minority community voters in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. There are indications that party boss Nitin Gadkari would contest the elections from Nagpur.Surprisingly, Ansari was the only Muslim candidate to win from central Nagpur while all four Muslim candidates contesting as independents and one fielded by Congress lost. The BJP, with the help of this Muslim woman candidate, succeeded in getting Muslim votes, which are usually termed as 'untouchable' by other political parties.Jaitunbi - wife of Ahmed Patel, a BJP minority cell city secretary - is not a greenhorn in politics as this is her second term. However, her husband's political background and the BJP's calculated risk of fielding a first-ever woman Muslim candidate in Mominpura paid off.\"The BJP had carried out several development works in this backward area. Though this ward was represented by the Congress in the outgoing body, we have managed to snatch it,\" said a jubilant Jaitunbi Ansari after defeating her nearest rival Sayyeda Begum by over 273 votes.For the Ansaris, the campaigning was not difficult. \"I have been working in my ward for 15 years now,\" said Jaitunbi. She had also served the ward as an independent corporator from 2002 to 2007, when the prabhag system was in place.\"The people know that I have got their work done. Since last couple of years my husband joined the BJP and he is very active for the all round development of the ward. In fact, we were confident of our victory,\" said Jaitunbi.There are around 28,000 voters in Mominpura, most of them from the minority community. The Congress had repeated Sayyeda Begum, who had won from Boriyapura in 2007. \"I can say Muslims have no bias against the BJP. They also want development. That's why they have elected a woman Muslim candidate fielded by the BJP,\" she said.Mominpura and Timki are some of the most backward areas of the city. Jaitunbi said her priority will remain to get development work in the area on the fast track.A mother of five children (three daughters and two sons), Jaitunbi aspires to improve the standard of education in her ward. She said that education among Muslim community, especially women folks has taken a back seat in Mominpura. \"Most of the girls from our community discontinue education after they pass standard X,\" she explained.Disclosing other priorities on her agenda, Jaitunbi said she will also concentrate on developing playgrounds and public parks in her ward.MLA Devendra Fadnavis said, \"Her win shows that minorities have faith in our national president Nitin Gadkari. This is a slap on the face of Congress, which has been falsely accusing us of being anti-minority. In the coming days, our popularity among minority communities will increase further.\"\"The BJP has been winning hearts of Muslims everywhere. The party had fielded Muslim candidates earlier too, but this is the first time that we fielded a Muslim woman candidate from the minority dominated area,\" said city BJP president Anil Sole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944851", "title": "For slaughter house, MC to cough up Rs 15cr", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is fresh hope for city residents to get hygienic meat on their plate. After previous attempt to run a temporary slaughter house failed, MC has finally decided to cough up Rs 15 crore for automatic poultry processing plant in the financial budget for 2012-2013 and approached national meat and poultry processing board of ministry of food processing to provide consultancy on this project.A senior official of the MC said, \"We are in touch with the national meat and poultry processing board to provide consultancy to us to establish plant and following this board has recently sent their consultancy proposal along with their terms and conditions to us. We will soon visit some of the private giants to establish the plant with latest and environment friendly technology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11946052", "title": "Anti-trafficking course in RU", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University has become the first varsity in the world to launch a one-year postgraduate diploma course on anti-human trafficking.The course was started on Saturday by Jharkhand State Women's Commission chairperson Hemlata S. Mohan.Ranchi University vicechancellor L N Bhagat said, \"This is a self-financed course and will make the students employable and provide them better job opportunity. If the course continues well, we will introduce it at the degree level, too.\" Many national and international NGOs and even the UN is working to curb it. Mohan said she recently met the country head of the UN and discussed the new course. \"The UN is ready to provide the university with its literature and other resources.Also, in the near future they may agree to sponsor the course, so the students will not have to pay a single penny to study this subject,\" she added. Mohan first envisaged to start a six-month certificate course on anti-human trafficking and discussed it with former VC A A Khan, who decided to make it a one-year diploma programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11946224", "title": "Goons cut off farmers' ears over land dispute", "text": "MALDA: A gang reportedly severed the ears of two farmers on Friday as punishment for working on a disputed piece of land at Aragachhi village in Malda. While the victims claimed themselves to be CPM supporters, Trinamool Congress-backed goons were held responsible for the attack. The farmers were hospitalized and had to undergo surgery. Police, however, claimed that the farmers sustained injury but their ears were not cut off.The plot in question belonged to Dhar Santhal of neighbouring village Shimultala who had leased it out to farmers Ashok Roy and Satish Hansda. On Friday morning, Roy and Hansda were tilling the land with a tractor when one Sunil Hembram barged into the plot and tried to stall the tilling process. Soon a scuffle broke out between the two, following which Hembram and his associates left.At around 9pm, a group of 10-12 persons attacked Roy's house. Armed with sickle and rods, the gang not only attacked the people in the house, but also cut off Roy's ear with the sickle. Ashok Roy's father, Ashutosh said, \"In the dark, I managed to recognize Sunil and Gopesh. When the villagers rushed on hearing my cry, the miscreants fled.\" Roy was taken to Malda district hospital on Friday night and operated upon on Saturday morning.After injuring Roy, the miscreants attacked Hansda's house. He was roughed up and his ear too was severed. Hansda was admitted to Habibpur Health Centre.Blaming the Trinamool Congress for the attack, Roy's father said, \"We have been CPM supporters for long. Satish Hansda and his family are CPM supporters as well. But those who attacked us belonged to Trinamool Congress, though earlier they were with BJP. Thus, the attack was politically motivated.\" Locals claimed that Trinamool Congress-backed goons were trying to grab agricultural land in Habibpur for the last few months.District TMC president Sabitri Mitra was not available for her comment on this issue. However, Ambar Mitra, district CPM secretary, conceded that the victims were their supporters. \"We are not sure who attacked them but Trinamool Congress-backed goons are forcefully trying to uproot many small farmers from their land in this area.\"Trinamool Congress leader Amlan Bhaduri, however, denied the allegations. \"It is purely a land dispute and nothing to do with politics. Trinamool's name is being forcibly dragged into it,\" said Bhaduri.Additional SP Shyam Sing said, \"Police from Habibpur police station raided the village. There was no political clash. Rather, it was a land dispute.\" Sing also claimed that the farmers' ears were not severed, but they were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11946555", "title": "Rahul shines during prize distribution", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Rahul Duggal was the hero of the day at the annual prize distribution function of SCD Government College, Civil Lines, on Saturday. He was honoured with a momento and certificate as he excelled in spite of his disability. He topped the BCA exams for three consecutive years by securing 82%, 81% and 81% in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd year respectively. An IAS officer aspirant, Rahul said at the tender age of 9, he had lost the ability to walk and talk but with his sheer determination and grit, he managed to regain his ability to talk within six months.As many as 297 prizes were given to the students for their outstanding achievements in academics, sports and cultural activities. These included 42 college colour certificates, 40 merit certificates, 30 prizes to NSS students and 10 certificates to achievers in NCC and air wing activities. The winners were also given trophies and certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11951468", "title": "Bihar needs new model for urban growth: Expert", "text": "PATNA: While rising urbanization is considered a necessary accompaniment of any developing society, Bihar is likely to reach the dead end of development sooner than later, since the state's urbanization process has been moving at a pace far below the national average.Harsh Singh, director of Market Solutions for Inclusion (New Delhi), who participated at a panel discussion on 'Devising an appropriate strategy for urban development' at the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar'on Sunday said he has an alternative model called Navoday Shahar Model (NSM) for the poor and landless.This envisages creation of habitats, each with around 25,000 people or 5,000 households, in rural setting with facilities that meet the triple needs of residents with regard to owning assets, human development services (school, hospital, banking services, drinking water, college) and means of livelihood.According to him, in line with the new theme of urban growth and expansion on the global plane as envisioned by Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), NSM envisages allotment of 380 square metres of land to a household for home, vegetable cultivation and other horticultural activities, so that each NSM unit would require merely 600 acres of land. On this basis, around 8-9 NSMs could be created in every district under Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model to work as local centres of growth and sustenance as had been achieved in countries such as China, Russia and some other countries.Otherwise, as Singh put it, Bihar was unlikely to witness any significant rise in urban population and urbanization in the next one-and-a-half decade.According to a survey, Tamil Nadu would have 70% of its population in urban areas and the country around 50% by 2026, but Bihar would be stuck around merely 12%.Incidentally, Nitish Kumar government has been striving to bring Bihar into the category of developed states by 2015. Singh said that experience had shown that people living within a radius of five km of a town have benefited from the growth of the town. \"The benefits don't impact people living 20km away from a town in Bihar,\" Singh said.\"It is a big challenge and we have to overcome it by identifying our own weaknesses and strengths,\" the CM said.Nitish said proposals for various projects under public-private partnership mode were being received. One mega bridge was being constructed at Bakhtiyarpur in Patna district. The Centre has given no-objection certificate for a four-lane road from Rajauli to Bakhtiyarpur and bids will invited for building it under PPP mode, he said.Nitish Kumar expressed confidence about an understanding with Nepal for the solution of certain problems.\"The opening of the summit by Nepal PM Baburam Bhattarai will open a new chapter in Indo-Nepal relations,\" he said, reiterating that Bihar's problem (of floods) cannot be solved without Nepal's cooperation.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said it was mainly because of good governance that Bihar has made an impressive turnaround. He referred to anti-corruption drive launched by the state government and attempt to check graft through declarations of assets by the CM to legislators and officials of all ranks. He said officials taking bribe are getting caught red-handed and confiscation of properties of corrupt officials under the Special Courts Act has started.Summit organizers Shaibal Gupta of ADRI and Alakh Narayan Sharma of Institute of Human Development also spoke while senior bureaucrat C K Mishra proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11946075", "title": "Fraudster held with car &amp; cash", "text": "RANCHI: The district police arrested an impostor who used to cheat people by posing to be a police inspector. The man, identified as Aslam alias Firoz, had been duping people for more than 10 years. His latest victim was an employee of Inland Power Limited from whom he managed to take away around Rs 4 lakh and a cellphone on Friday. Police have recovered a fourwheeler, one motorcycle, 16 cellphones and Rs 20,000 in cash. He was arrested from his house in Ormajhi on the outskirts of the city.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said that the accused had five cases, including three in the state capital, in different districts. A few days ago, he had even kidnapped a girl but she was saved from his clutches because of immediate action by police on the complaint of her boyfriend. \"Just after taking away Rs 4 lakh from Rajesh Kumar, the employee of Inland Power Limited, Aslam went to a showroom and bought a four-wheeler by paying Rs 2.40 lakh in cash. He also bought a Rs-77,500 motorcycle,\" said the SSP. Singh revealed that the man in his mid 40s was also wanted by police in a 10-year-old fraud case of Hazaribag district. \"He is a seasoned criminal and has cheated a number of people by posing to be a police officer,\" he added.The police have also started raids at suspected hideouts of his old associate from Ramgarh district. Police expect that Aslam's associate would also be arrested very soon and around Rs 60,000 would be recovered from the man in Ramgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943559", "title": "Shiv Sena approaches sole citizens' candidate winner", "text": "MUMBAI: The only citizens' candidate to win the civic polls is likely to join hands with the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI alliance. The Sena has approached Makarand Narvekar, who was elected from ward no. 227, which extends from R C Church to Navy Nagar in Colaba. After a meeting of senior Sena leaders at Matoshree on Saturday, party legislators and Vibhagpramukhs were assigned the responsibility of approaching and identifying \"favourable\" independent candidates so that the alliance can cross the magic figure of 114 needed to rule the BMC.Advocate Rahul Narvekar, who is Makarand's brother and a Sena spokesperson, confirmed that his party has contacted his brother. \"My brother is not aligned to any party. But I believe that in order to carry out development work in his ward, he will have to support either the ruling alliance or the opposition,\" said Rahul.The winning alliance bagged 108 of the 227 seats, and need 114 to come into power. At least two rebel candidates, one from the Sena and the other from the BJP, are likely to join hands with the alliance, taking the tally to 110. The Arun Gawli-led Akhil Bhartiya Sena , which won two seats and was a part of the ruling alliance in 2007, is expected to lend its support this time around, leaving the Sena to get only two more supporters.A senior Sena leader said that even winning Congress rebels-Lalitha Annamalai and Vishnu Gaikwad-have been approached. On the basis of the candidates, the Sena will offer them either a chairmanship to the local ward committee or membership to a statutory committee. More development funds for their wards are also on the cards.Hanifabi, an Independent from ward no. 135 (which covers the Cheetah camp area in Chembur) and Manoj Sansare, from ward no. 172 in Wadala are also considered \"favourable\" choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944989", "title": "148 booths vacant in city, people shop in Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The lack of nearby markets for residents of housing societies has been a concern for long, but, as many as 148 booths in various markets haven't been allotted due to poor response by the bidders. The residents have to travel to other sectors to buy essential commodities while these booths lie vacant.Considering the booth markets would facilitate the availability of everyday commodities, Chandigarh Housing Board (chb) had constructed these. The board is now planning to invite interested traders to run these.The housing board had earlier invited bids twice in the past, but chose not to allot the booths as the bids were not favourable. Bidders felt the base prices were quite high during last allotments.S S Bhardwaj, a Sector 51 resident and chairman of Chandigarh Social Welfare Council said, \"These booths have been constructed to provide facilities to residents of housing societies. And hence, these should be allotted on a free hold basis instead of lease hold.\"M M Sabharwal, secretary, CHB said, \"We have been working on the allotment of these booths after inviting interested traders. We are yet to decide which of the booths will be rented and which would be sold. Public would be informed about it soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11943659", "title": "'Crorepati' engr lands in ACB net", "text": "BIKANER: The state's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Saturday lodged a case against 'crorepati' executive engineer Ram Narayan Choudhary here on Saturday.Choudhary, who has been accused of corrupt practices, owns seven plots, a bungalow, a 'haveli' and 66,000 sq ft commercial land. He also runs a students' hostel.He is currently the project director-cum-general manager, National Highway Authority of India in Pali, said Addl SP (ACB) Ravidutt Gaur.The ACB had received a complaint against the engineer, and after verifying it, the sleuths raided Chaudhary's bungalow in the posh Sadul Ganj area. The team seized Rs 1.35 lakh cash, 2 kg silver, and 100 gm gold from the residence.The bungalow's present market value is estimated at Rs 4 crore, Gaur said. He had also purchased a haveli in Daga Chowk area in his wife's name in 2010. In addition to this, he owns a house in Ramprasad Nagar area in Jaipur.The ACB will now search his lockers on Monday.Ram Narayan Choudhary started his service career as Jr. Engineer in PWD in the year 1990 and within a period of twenty one years he has become owner of assets worth crores of rupees. He has also worked for some time as Secretary, UIT, Bikaner and faced grave allegation of acquiring huge property in connivance with the then Chairman of UIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944583", "title": "Plea filed for a more secure Facebook", "text": "HYDERABAD: A petition was filed in the AP High Court seeking directions to the central government that it may ask social networking site Facebook to publish its security architecture and safeguard mechanisms to protect its user profiles.The petition also sought the introduction of the option of deletion of account for any user who wants to leave Facebook. It also sought a direction to the Centre, particularly to its department of information technology and the cabinet secretary, to form a strong technical team to review the Facebook's user accounts administration in India.Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) of the central government should be roped in to oversee the work in this regard, he said. The petitioner, Pradeep Kumar Manukonda, a Hyderabad-based network security analyst, filed this petition expressing serious apprehensions about the existing security flaws in the social networking site.Facebook has 750 million users all over the world and 32 million users are from India and it the site is now also talking about its planning s to increase its user base in the country India by supporting regional languages like Hindi, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Bengali and Malayalam, the petitioner said.The petition charged the site with allowing creation of profiles without verification of the authenticity of users. Although the site's terms tell us that it is not permissible to create user accounts of others without their permission, it is not taking any precautions while registering new user accounts and as a result of this several pseudonym and anonymous user accounts with fake names are surfacing, the petitioner said.Although Washington's Electronic Privacy Information Centre has strongly recommended the introduction of Facial Recognition Software, Facebook is still relying on Opt-Out method and is not introducing Opt-In Model, he said and added that this issue is pending before the Federal Trade Commission in US. A system should be developed where users can have strong authentication in safeguarding their privacy, he said.Pradeep also mentioned the strong information technology laws in US, UK and China saying that India's relatively new IT Act 2000 was not stringent enough. Although telecom minister Kapil Sibal has said that stricter rules would be brought in, things have been left where they were, the petitioner lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948192", "title": "Trisha out of Jiiva's next?", "text": "While the actress wants to do the actor's next, the makers apparently don't want her!Is Trisha reportedly being shown the door for director Ahmed's film with Jiiva? Well, that's what it looks like, if one were to go by the buzz in the industry. While the VTV actress is keen to do the film, which will see her paired opposite Jiiva for the first time, the makers allegedly aren't too keen on casting her.However, the director refuses to say anything about that on record. When we spoke to the filmmaker, he said, \"At the moment, all that I can say is that Jiiva plays the hero in the film. There is one female lead in the story and when Trisha was approached for it, she was impressed and wanted to work on the same. But, the deal and contract are not through and so, am not sure of her presence in the film.\"Meanwhile, the director confirms that he has approached Lisa Haydon for a role in the flick. \"This will in most probability work out,\" he says. Interestingly, Trisha, who is currently shooting for a Telugu film titled Dammu in Pollachi, is still under the impression that she's doing the film with Jiiva. A source close to the actress says, \"Yes, we will be doing it. We are in talks for several other projects as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11943478", "title": "Irani gang nabbed in Bidar", "text": "BANGALORE: City police caught 26 members of the infamous Irani gang, known for tricking lonely women to part with their jewellery, and solved 55 cases of attention diversion in the city.They conducted a raid on Husseini Colony, Irani Galli, on Chidari Road of Bidar town, even as the gang members' families resorted to throwing stones. Police netted 2.4 kg of gold jewellery from the houses.Their houses left the cops surprised. They were posh abodes, some air-conditioned, with electronic gadgets and safe lockers. Food came from hotels, and the gang members often travelled by air between Hyderabad and Bangalore.\"We had deployed nearly 200 police personnel, including senior police officers of the rank of deputy commissioner of police, and videographed the entire operation. The allegation that their womenfolk were tortured is a lie as we have photographic evidence of the operation, jointly conducted with the help of Bidar district police and a large posse of policewomen. We have no innocent person in our custody, but have arrested those identified by the victims,\" said police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji, when asked whether women of the community were tortured.The Irani gang had become a headache for city police after several instances were reported of women being conned by these men, who posed as policemen, or CID and CBI officers. They would swindle women walking alone. \"They strike when they find a lonely woman, warning her that there is a law and order problem nearby or a murder has taken place. They ask the woman to place her jewellery in a bag they hand out. Once the woman puts the jewellery in the bag, they return it to her. Later, she finds only stones inside,\" said Mirji.He said the gang's involvement in cases outside Bangalore city is being checked, and police from other cities are investigating if the gang is involved in similar offences there.One victim, Padma Srinivas from Bapujinagar, told STOI she was walking towards the Lakshminarasimha Swamy temple in Attiguppe, near Vijayanagar, when three men approached her, introduced themselves as policemen, and warned her not to wear jewellery as there was some trouble in the nearby locality. On their instructions, she removed her jewellery and kept it in a bag they handed to her. They told her to open the bag only after passing the trouble spot. She opened the bag and found only stones and mud.Police drew up portraits, following the description given by the victims. Some of them were involved in similar crimes earlier, police added.A woman's loud shrieks and calls for help at the city police commissioner's office sent policemen into a tizzy on Saturday morning. They ran to help her, and as she began complaining that she was robbed of her jewellery, realized that it was a mock demonstration on how Irani gangs strike and rob women. \"It was so realistic, a teleserial actor enacted the role of the victim,\" a police officer said, relieved that it was only a demo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11945006", "title": "Khushi\u2019s family refuse money, demand justice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Family members of five-year-old Khushpreet Singh expressed unhappiness over National Human Rights Commission's (NHRC) direction to UT administration to release Rs 3 lakh compensation for Khushpreet's family. They demanded action against three cops found guilty in this case, on Saturday.The NHRC, Delhi, directed the UT administration to release the compensation on February 17. Victim's father Lakhbir Singh said, \"We have nothing to do with the compensation money. We would feel justified only if NHRC recommends dismissal and stern action against three police personnel found guilty.\" The administration should be ordered to register a case of death due to negligence under section 304A of the IPC against the three negligent police personnel, he added.The family of the deceased have decided to move a fresh writ application against Chandigarh police in Punjab and Haryana high court. Khushpreet's uncle Sukhwinder Singh said, \"We have discussed it with our advocate and would soon file a writ in the high court.\"A pending public interest litigation (PIL) in the high court in this case is scheduled for hearing on February 23. The five-year-old was abducted near his residence in Burail, Sector 45, in December, 2010, and his body was recovered from Mohali on January 5, 2011. Two kidnappers had managed to take ransom money and kill the child while Chandigarh police dealt with the case with negligence.Three policemen, including former SHO of police station-34 Udaypal Singh, in-charge of PP-Burail Narinder Patial and sub-inspector Balraj Singh were held guilty for negligence. Their services have been forfeited for four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11946500", "title": "Canada woos Indian students", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Canada will welcome Indian students into higher education to strengthen bilateral ties between the two countries. \"Canadian universities not only provide scholarships but good infrastructure and teaching facilities. There is no problem for Indian students to get visa and go to Canada,\" deputy high commissioner of Canada in New Delhi Jim Nickel said here on Saturday.Stating that Canada is one of the top destinations for Indian students in foreign countries, he said the number of Indian students have increased four times from only 3,000 two years ago. At least 50 Indian universities have already tied up with 35 Canadian universities for academic and research activities like exchange of faculty, he said on the sidelines of a seminar at Berhampur University.The two-day seminar on \"Diplomacy, Defence and Development: Canadian and Indian Perspective\", organized by the Centre for Canadian Studies, Berhampur University and sponsored by Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute (SICI), New Delhi and DFAIT, Canada, was inaugurated by vice-chancellor J K Mohapatra. \"India has a large number of youths. They can play a major role in Information Technology, engineering, social sciences, etc,\" he said.He stressed on the relationship between India and Canada in trade and commerce, energy security, information and technology, food security, diplomacy and defence. Among others, Chintamani Mohapatra, professor in School of International Studies (SIS), JNU, PG council chairman of Berhampur University N K Tripathy and Prof B C Choudhury were present.Director of Center for Canadian Studies J N Mohanty highlighted the concept of the seminar. He said the two countries could play a major role in reshaping and refashioning their bilateral ties to address the challenges of the fast-changing politico-economic strategies in environment.A consortium of nine Canadian Universities are starting offices in New Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai recently to cater to the ever-growing demand of foreign universities in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945367", "title": "BIT-P to hold annual fest next month", "text": "PATNA: Bluetooth technology inventor Jaap Haartsen is expected to deliver a guest lecture at the Birla Institute of Technology-Patna next month when the engineering institute will organize its annual techno-management festival 'Technika 2012' from March 3 to 6.Along with Haartsen's, guest lectures of chair professor, Harvard Business School (US), Tarun Khanna, MIT professor Ramesh Raskar, royal astronomer from Cambridge University (UK) Martin Rees, dean of Johnson School of Business, Cornell University (US), Soumitra Dutta and NASA senior astrophysicist and Nobel laureate John Mather are also likely to be made at the event.Kumar Satish, professor of civil engineering at BIT-Patna, who is also the convener of 'Technika-2012', told TOI: \"We have got confirmation from these speakers. While some of them will address through video conferencing, others will be physically present.\"A third-year civil engineering student, Peetak Mitra, who is also a member of 'Technika' organizing team, informed TOI that Jaap Haartsen, Ramesh Raskar, Soumitra Dutta and John Mather would address the students through videoconferencing.The four-day-long event will host more than 75 events, guest lectures, numerous workshops and, of course, refreshing musical extravaganza. The festival is an annual event being organized for the last three years.Budding engineers from BIT's main and extension centres from across the country, and students from almost all engineering colleges in Bihar like IIT-Patna and NIT-Patna would participate in the event, said a professor.BIT-Patna director B N Giri said 'Technika' aims at providing a chance to students to give practical application to their theoretical knowledge. \"It gives students a wider audience which also provides confidence to them. They can exchange ideas and try to come up with innovations and solutions,\" Giri told TOI. The theme of 'Technika-2012' is \"Celebrating Technology\".An education fair, 'Education Fair-Technika-2012', is also being organized as a part of the event. It will see participation of representatives from five countries- the US, the UK, France, The Netherlands and Singapore . The education fair will have seminars where these representatives will inform students of education and research opportunities in their respective countries. They will also provide spot counselling to the desirous participants, the event organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944196", "title": "Tree fall near Gujarat College crushes three cars, one bike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three cars and a bike got damaged as a large eucalyptus tree behind Gujarat College fell on the parked vehicles. Of the three four-wheelers, two got completely destroyed. According to AFES officials, who removed the tree afterwards, the tree's base was completely eaten by insects.The incident took place at Kalgi crossroads where the district DEO office is situated. The cars were parked near Khadi panchayat. \"While one car got crushed completely, another got damaged as one of the heavy branches penetrated through the roof and damaged the interiors. The bike also got damaged due to the fall,\" said an official who rushed to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11944894", "title": "Train mows down student plugged into music", "text": "BANGALORE: His passion for music proved fatal, when a speeding train ran over him in Kengeri on Saturday morning.Pushpak Nagaraj, a resident of Kengeri old town, was the son of Nagaraj, an agriculturist. Pushpak, a first-year BCA student at Surana College at Jayanagar South End Circle, was walking towards his grandmother's house in Kengeri satellite town when the accident occurred, around 300 meters from Kengeri railway station.It was 9.55am, and the Mysorebound Bangalore-Mysore Push Pull was speeding down the track. Pushpak, walking with earphones plugged into his ears, did not notice it. He sustained serious head injuries and died on the spot. People commonly cross the track at this place, eyewitness BG Rajshekhar told STOI. \"Some people noticed him crossing the track and shouted to him, warning him that the train was coming. Unfortunately, he had plugged in the earphones of his mobile and didn't hear the screams from around,\" he said.This was confirmed by Railway police later. \"Onlookers shifted him to Kengeri Government Hospital, but doctors declared him brought dead,\" police said.Narayana Swamy, a family member, told police that Pushpak was in the habit of plugging in his earphones while walking. \"He loved old Kannada songs, especially those by Dr Rajkumar, PB Srinivas and SP Balasubramanyam. Recently, he had installed a memory chip into the mobile and downloaded more than 200 songs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "daresi", "code": "11946597", "title": "Prestigious award comes Kapil's way", "text": "DARESI: Budding classical singer Kapil Sharma is elated at being awarded 'Sangeet Sankalp Samman' by Kurukshetra University, from where he did his graduation. He says it's a great honour for him, as only three people have been selected from the country for this award. He was conferred with the President's award in 2011 too.He was given the award on Friday by renowned classical singers of the country. Resident of Daresi, Kapil said this award is another feather in his cap and has lifted his morale. He wants to promote classical singing in the state, which he feels is brimming with talent but has no means of promotion. At the age of 8, he had started singing and at 14, became the disciple of Ashok Khushdil. For 4 years, he learnt classical vocal from him.Twenty six-year-old Kapil is now a disciple of renowned classical singer, Girija Devi, of Banaras Gharana. He also has a number of disciples in Ludhiana who perform at various levels. As for his inspiration, it's his mother, who, he says, has inspired and motivated him a lot. Says mother Sunita Sharma, \"I am grateful to the almighty that he blessed me with such a talented son. I am sure he will bring more laurels in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "11946293", "title": "Internet cafe owner arrested in Tripunithura", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Hill palace sub inspector P R Santhosh arrested an internet cafe owner in Tripunithura. Gopalakrishnan's (57) cafe targeted students and they were given access to various porn sites. After getting a tip, police team conducted a raid and arrested Gopalakrishnan. He was produced before the magistrate and was later released on bail.Two held for attacking youth: Tripunithura police arrested Eroor natives Ajayaghosh (32) and Subhash (35) for attacking another native Ratheesh on 12th December, 2011. They had beaten up Ratheesh with iron rods and fled the scene. On Friday night, when police were combing the area, the duo was spotted and officials arrested them. They were produced before the court and were remanded.Man who entered ladies compartment remanded: The young man who was arrested by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Friday night for entering the ladies compartment of the Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Express at Aluva station was produced before the Shoranur magistrate court on Saturday. The court remanded him for 40 days.According to RPF sources, Sulaiman (28) entered the ladies compartment while the train was leaving the Aluva station around 9 pm. \"The RPF control room got information that a person had tried to enter the ladies compartment of the trainbut had been pushed out by the passengers. We immediately checked the tracks, but were unable to find him.We subsequently found Sulaiman near the goods' shed. On being questioned, he said he had entered the compartment, which was in the rear, by mistake. We will further investigate his version. Women passengers would have panicked on seeing him. However, no one has filed a complaint in this regard so far,\" an RPF official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11944749", "title": "Duo who opened fire at building site held", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Navi Mumbai crime branch arrested two extortionists who had recently opened fire at a construction site in Ulwe, where they had gone to threaten the builder.DCP (crime) D T Shinde said on Saturday that the duo-Mahesh Shette (24) and Sachin Garje (24)-were nabbed from a hotel near Navda Phata on Friday after getting specific information about the duo. \"The accused had gone to the construction site at Sector 18 in Ulwe in December 2011 and threatened the site manager saying they worked for gangster Vikrant Deshmukh, who is currently in the Taloja prison. They had also fired a round,\" said DCP Shinde.Cops seized two handguns, six live rounds, two mobiles and five SIM cards from the duo. They had reportedly also threatened a few other builders in the city, and have cases .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11944892", "title": "60 officers to join city police force", "text": "GURGAON: After completing their basic training, around 60 police officers are all set to join the Gurgaon police force soon. The passing-out ceremony of the latest batch of police officers was held at the Haryana Police Academy in Madhuban, Karnal, on Saturday.According to a senior police officer, Gurgaon is expected to get an IPS officer, two probationary DSPs, five inspectors and 53 sub-inspectors. The Gurgaon police may also see some gazetted and non-gazetted officers joining them in the Gurgaon police commissionerate, said the official.The newly appointed police officers are expected to join the city police from Monday, he added. Gurgaon faces an acute shortage of security staff. And it's not just the shortage of lower rank officers - even some of the key posts of deputy commissioners of police (DCPs) and assistant commissioners of police (ACPs) have been lying vacant for quite some time. ,Against the sanctioned strength of 4,822 policemen in the district, only 3,413 men in uniform are deployed. This translates into a poor police-people ratio in the district as a whole and the city in particular.The ground situation has not changed even as the successive police commissioners have pushed the proposal to deploy more cops in the city. As per official records, the post of DCP (crime), DCP (law and order) and DCP (special cell) are vacant.The post of DCP (crime) has not been filled for the past one year and no one has taken charge as the DCP (special cell) since the police commissionerate was introduced in the district. The addition of the latest batch of police officers will help in better policing of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "rome/kochi", "code": "11946324", "title": "God's own country gets prince of church", "text": "ROME/KOCHI: Watched by millions of Malayalis across the world, Pope Benedict XVI gently placed the scarlet-red biretta on major archbishop George Alencherry (66) on Saturday to give the God's Own Country its fourth and the country's youngest 'prince of church'.Soon other insignia and the golden rings were conferred on Mar George Alencherry, who now is a member of the college of cardinals with rights to elect a pope one day.In the consistory that began at 3pm at one of the holiest places in Christendom, George Alencherry and 21 other bishops from across the globe were elevated to the highest church rank. The pope asked them to serve the church with love and vigour, with the clarity and wisdom of masters, with the energy and moral force of pastors and with the faith and courage of martyrs.Accepting the new title, George Alencherry recited the cardinals' traditional oath of loyalty, pledging to remain faithful to the church and to \"not to make known to anyone matters entrusted to me in confidence, the disclosure of which could bring damage or dishonour to Holy Church\".Around 50,000 faithful from across the world were witness to the ceremony at the Vatican, many of them waiting from morning to enter the basilica premises. Watched on by his close family members, and a team of ministers and church officials from Kerala, George Alencherry, dressed in full red choir dress, wearing the cross on a 'rudraksham' chain, walked solemnly to the pope, his hands folded, to receive the red hat and ring. His turn came as the 11th among the 22 new cardinals. The pope has given him San Bernardo Alle Terme as the titular church, the same as that of former cardinal Mar Varkey Vithayathil.Earlier, as the crowds gathered outside the basilica in the winter morning, 10am Rome time, the cardinal-designates stepped inside, and prayed at the Chapel of St Sebastian where the body of Pope John Paul II is kept. They then walked to the high altar and stood before the pope in prayers, embarking their elevation to the exclusive club.After the ceremony, the pope decreed that the canonisation ceremony of seven new saints would take place on October 21. The consistory concluded with the apostolic blessing. A special holy mass led by the college of cardinals will be held on Sunday.But Kerala will have to wait till March 10 to greet the cardinal when he reaches here from Rome. He will be accorded a reception in Kochi on March 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943948", "title": "Cop suspended for shielding criminal", "text": "INDORE: Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) A Sai Manohar suspended inspector of Pandrinath police station, S S Bais, for reportedly shielding Zafar Baig, an externed criminal under the National Security Act (NSA), who allegedly stabbed his domestic help to death on Friday night at his residence here.Talking to ToI, A Sai Manohar expressed surprise as how could a criminal live in his house for more than two months. The police had announced a reward of Rs 10,000 for those who could provide the whereabouts of Zafar.He had been absconding for more than two months soon after a shoot-out in November. He had reportedly been hiding in his house in Bombay Bazaar. His presence was noticed on Friday night when he allegedly stabbed to death his domestic help Mehboob at around 9 pm. Soon after the incident, the SSP instructed SP Srinivasa Verma to investigate the case as how Zafar was present in the house even after being externed.After receiving the report, the SSP suspended Bais with immediate effect.The SSP said that Zafar was booked on charges of murder attempt in November last year.Baig was earlier booked under the NSA after he and his son allegedly opened fire at the house of his rival, Athar Baig. Zafar and Atahar, who had surrendered before the police soon after the firing, have a running feud for several decades.Police officials claimed that the suspended inspector was on leave for five days, a week before the Moharram firing and did not report for duty after his leave. He extended his leave without informing his senior officials, which had created suspicion in the minds of the senior police officials over his role in the firing. Zafar allegedly stabbed his domestic help Mehboob, who in return stabbed Zafar on Friday night. The domestic help died on the spot while Zafar has been admitted to Choithram Hospital. His condition is said to be critical as he sustained an injury to his liver.The post-mortem of Mehboob revealed that he suffered multiple wounds to face, chest and stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944743", "title": "Tech-armed cops to sniff out drunk drivers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Next time you down a couple of drinks, it would be better if you let your wife or friend, who's not drunk, to take the wheel. From now onwards, there is a need for drivers in city to remain extra cautious, as there would be an increased probability of getting a slip for drunken driving and overspeeding. Chandigarh traffic police are all set to procure more advanced and sophisticated machines to keep a tab on the offenders.Besides, in a bid to give more teeth to its force, Chandigarh traffic police has also increased its year 2012 budget by 100% than last year. Police will buy new alco-sensors that are more sensitive and can easily catch the culprit, even when he has had only a few ml of alcohol. Also, new printer-fitted speed guns, with added features, will also be added to their kitty.\"This year we have doubled the budget of traffic police. Last year, it was only Rs 35 lakh, but this time it has been raised to Rs 70 lakh. Our main focus will be on buying latest gadgets to keep a tab on traffic rule violators,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.\"New alco-sensors, which are far more accurate and sensitive than the current equipment, will be purchased. We have already floated the tenders and they are expected to be opened tomorrow,\" stated Kumar.Currently, traffic cops face problems where many overspeeding violators try to escape from challan by various means. But the new speed guns will be fitted with printers and a copy of the proof will be attached with the issued slip. \"Our current speed guns are over four years old. The new machines will have many more features that will ensure that no violator goes scot-free,\" stated Kumar.'High speed leads to fatal crashes'At present, permissible amount of liquor consumption, while driving, is only 30 mg per 100 ml blood. In a shocking finding, Chandigarh traffic police had recently announced that most of the fatal accidents in the city had occurred due to overspeeding and human errors. In 2011, 1,497 slips were issued for overspeeding whereas over 2,700 offenders were given slips for drunken driving offence. 638 lives were lost in the last five years in the road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11943832", "title": "Land issue: Betma farmers to stage protest", "text": "In a bid to mount pressure on the government against the proposed land acquisition move, nearly 1,000 agitating farmers from Betma block of Indore district will stage a demonstration in front of the house of local parliamentarian, Sumitra Mahajan, here on February 26.They are opposing the acquisition of their land by the government as a part of the ongoing Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC). The government has already issued notices to them for acquiring their land, measuring 803 hectare.Interestingly, Mahajan is heading a parliamentarians' committee, which has been set up by the government to look into the old Land Acquisition Act, 1894, to bring out the necessary amendments into it.Some of the villages that are likely to be affected by the project in the area include Kalibillod, Ranmalbillod, Shairipur, Shankarpura and Sindhipura.Dr Rajendra Sharma, who is a member of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, which is protesting the government's move, said that nearly 250 farmers hailing from seven affected villages have already got a stay from the state high court against the land acquisition.Still, the government was in a hurry to acquire the land for the project, he said.The Mahajan committee has recommended that the farmers, who are affected by the acquisition, must be compensated by being given land measuring six times the market price of the land which had been acquired from them.But, the Union cabinet has sent the report back to the committee as it wanted that only four times of the market value of the land, being acquired from the farmers should be given.The committee's report is likely to be presented in the parliament during its forthcoming budget session.\"Our land is fertile and suitable for growing crops like gram, wheat, vegetables, tomato, brinjal, potato and soybean. We are happy with that,\" said a farmer.Talking to TOI, Mahajan said, \"I've personally visited the area and asked the district collector to look into the matter. Forest land was also there which can also be used for the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944442", "title": "Students flay GTU on Facebook", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you thought GTU stands for Gujarat Technological University then check Facebook, where the students have named it as Gujarat Tension Unit for Students. Interestingly, the GTU recently decided to use the social networking site to connect with students.There are at least seven-odd pages on GTU and each of them have a different name. However, the common name which the students have given to the university is Gujarat Tension Unit.The most popular of the lot is the GTU = Gujarat Tension Unit for Students. This page has been liked by 10,961 students. In all, there are about 11,000 comments on the university on the social networking site.The students have even commented that only donkeys pass out from this university. This comment is posted beneath a drawing where students enter a book but come out are donkeys. This page has several comments and one of the students has mentioned that it is an insult to the donkeys as the standard of GTU is worse then donkeys. Another student said that the university authorities do not complete the syllabus and then fail them. Immediately, another student agreed and took a dig at the grading system. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943720", "title": "20 caged green parrots set free", "text": "BHOPAL: Twenty-caged green parrots put up for sale at a weekly market were set free by the forest department as part of the bird awareness drive, which began on Saturday.Under the drive, a team of forest department officials and bird rights activists went to the Jehangirabad weekly market and found hawkers selling the parrots, Bhopal forest range officer (flying squad) N D Sharma told TOI.Catching, selling and purchase of the green parrots is prohibited under the Wildlife Conservation Act, he said, adding they would run the awareness campaign till February 25. \"After this, we plan to take strict legal action against such parrot sellers, Sharma added.This banned business invites a punishment ranging from six months to two years and a fine of Rs 25,000 or both, the officer said.An organisation - Bhopal Birds - representative Mohammad Khalid said there was a dire need to create awareness because the seller and purchasers don't know that green parrot is a bird protected under the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949816", "title": "Ramya's promotional tactics?", "text": "Ramya is one actress who always knows how to remain in the news. The latest is her rant against Lucky co-star Yash's alleged 'selfish' behaviour.The actress on her Twitter page wrote, Yash had asked her not to telecast my solo portions of interview and if she did he would never speak to the channel!! In fact he even wanted my name out of the posters!!every time the producer wanted it back, he would instruct the designer to remove it!! All this behind my back! And I like a fool took up for him, little did I know I would face this myself! Be nice and see what you get!!\"It was just recently that the actress took this same Twitter page to promote her co-star by asking him to \"keep his chin up\". This sudden change of stance has baffled many in the industry. What needs to be seen is whether this is a marketing ploy to ensure that more people watch her film. If one recalls, there have always been major altercations between her and a member of her film's cast or crew before its release. Be it her fight during Jothegaara or her hasty decision to quit films before the release of Sanju Weds Geetha. Let's see what's the deal this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11950197", "title": "\u2018Right music is a good stress-buster\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Listening to one's favourite music can help activate internal energy and concentration. In fact, right kind of music can help students beat stress during Board examinations. While loud music can be a source of noise or distraction for many students, health experts (psychiatrists) say music can also be used as a pill to de-stress students during exam time.\"Music is known to have stress relieving effect, provided the wavelength of music played matches with the emotional wavelength of the listener, which could be a patient, a student or any other human being. It is, in fact, an individualised therapy that takes note of specific mood, taste and timing to show the desired effect. It could also turn into noise and show side-effects if any of these factors are not taken into account before playing music for the target audience,\" says Dr Sanjay Gupta, senior psychiatrist, department of psychiatry, Banaras Hindu University.Referring to the use of music therapy that involves 20 to 25 minutes of music-based exercises, Dr Gupta, who also runs 'Khushhali-Ek Prayas' (stress management programme) emphasises that the exercise has shown beneficial effects in persons with stress and mild depression.The appropriate music actually helps to control palpitation along with increasing the concentration level and activating internal energy. There is a general feeling of calmness of mind and music also brings soothing effect in the surroundings, acting as stress buster. Usually, students refrain from music during examination but if it appropriately played depending on the mood, taste, timing and gender, it certainly bolsters internal energy, adds the senior psychiatrist.It may be mentioned here that Dr Gupta has co-supervised a research work carried by the department of vocal music, BHU, in 2000 which also shows beneficial effect of music therapy, proving it as effective as drugs in healing patients with depressive disorder.Stressing that more coordination is needed between musicians and health experts to bolster music therapy for individual patients, he also streamlines the need for scientific documentation of the therapy to gain scientific validity and acceptance. \"Music specialists and psychiatrists need to work together to explore and tap the potentials of music therapy,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945138", "title": "4 held for threatening, abusing in Neura", "text": "PANAJI: Agasaim police registered a case against the brother of the Congress candidate from Goa Velha and three other others for threatening and using abusive language against BJP candidate Vishnu Wagh, who was campaigning door-to-door at Dhaktem in Neura.Wagh, in his complaint, said that he was campaigning on Saturday, when at about 9pm, Anton Silveira, Menino Silveira, Kamal Betikar and Cosme Pires came in two different vehicles and then threatened him with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943561", "title": "Parents flock to TOI exhibition for schools", "text": "JAIPUR: With the admission season drawing nearer, the Times of India on Saturday oganised a two-day exhibition for schools to provide a platform for parents to help them find the best suitable institute for their children.The two-day exhibition participated by various renowned schools of the city was inaugurated by deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Rohit Mahajan at the Art Gallery in K K Square, Prithvi Raj Marg.Inaugurating the event, Mahajan said, \"Since parents can get all information about fees and courses in various schools of the city, this exhibition will become easy for them to select the best school for their children as per their requirement.\"Some of the schools participating include Parasrampuria Gems International School, Radcliffe School Jaipur, Modi School Lakshmangarh, Delhi Public School, Millennium School, Goenka Institute of Education &amp; Research, Sikar and GD Goenka Public School.Millennium School principal Ganesh Sharma said, \"It's a good platform for schools and parents. Parents have options to choose from so many schools. I think more interactive sessions should be organized.\"Redchiffe school principal Manju Janu added, \"It's a good initiative. More students should participate in the exhibition.\"Large number of parents visited the exhibition on the inaugural day and sought information about fee structures, teaching methodologies, extra-curricular activities and infrastructure of the schools.Some of the representatives of the schools distributed prospectus free of cost to the parents. They also interacted with the parents to inform them of facilities they are providing to the students apart from imparting education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945225", "title": "Natarajan arrested on land-grab charge", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested M Natarajan, the high-profile husband of Sasikalaa, estranged friend of chief minister J Jayalalithaa , from his house in Besant Nagar here on Saturday in connection with a land- grab case. A team led by Trichy deputy inspector general of police A Amalraj, holding additional charge of Thanjavur range, arrested Natarajan and took him to Thanjavur by road.Police said S Ramalingam, an elderly resident of Anbu Nagar in Thanjavur, had filed a complaint against Natarajan and a few others, alleging that they grabbed 20 acres of agricultural land belonging to him at Vilar village in the same district. The complaint was lodged a week ago. After preliminary inquiries, police registered a case of land-grab and criminal intimidation against Natarajan and others.Natarajan's arrest came on a day when Sasikalaa deposed before a court in Bangalore in connection with a disproportionate wealth case.The arrest comes two months after Sasikalaa and her relatives were expelled from the AIADMK by party chief Jayalalithaa. Last month, police arrested Sasikalaa's brother V K Divakaran in a case relating to demolition of a house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11946379", "title": "Cashing in on cashew apple", "text": "MANGALORE: Woman entrepreneur Shyamala Shastri, successful in establishing delicious and nutritious fruit juice varieties manufactured under the brand Prakriti Foods, is now setting a new target to hit the market with cashew apple squash, which according to her is the first of its kind in the state.This value addition will benefit primarily the cashew growers as they used to discard cashew apple due to lack of demand in the absence of cashew apple processing units.Horticulture Research Centre, which preserves a Scion Bank of more than 60 varieties of cashew in its plantation in Ullal here, supplies Shyamala, the required raw cashew apple to manufacture squash.Shyamala started manufacturing cashew apple juice on an experimental basis two years ago.She could sell 900 bottles of 750 ml in last year, Buoyant by the response of her venture, Shyamala is all set expand the business by introducing additional crushing machines and appointing more workers.\"Demand for cashew apple juice will be increased in the market, if sufficient publicity is given. Many people do not know the value of cashew apple juice which is rich in vitamin C and is also good drink for those who have wheezing problem,\" Shyamala told TOI. Shyamala ventured into the business after undergoing training in juice making from Krishi Kendra in Brahmavar and under the Union ministry of food and nutrition in Bangalore.Though Shyamala had started the juice manufacturing unit eight years ago, she added unique squashes of cashew apple, brahmi, nelli and amla in the recent years. Cashew apple squash of 750 ml bottle is priced at Rs 75.About 40 glasses of juice can be made out of one bottle of squash by adding water and sugar, she claims.Shyamala with the help of husband Harishchandra Shastri and helpers also produce pickles and other food products in their unit. Pejakai (wild jack) pickle is another tasty product, which is being marketed by Shyamala and her team.\"We do not use any preservative and our products are free from chemicals too,\" Shyamala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11938116", "title": "Will Aishwarya work with Aamir?", "text": "Rumours and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan go hand in hand. She was supposedly spotted at a suburban studio in Mumbai for a meeting with Aditya Chopra.According to the source, Ash was there to sign a romantic film opposite Aamir Khan in a film produced by Chopra.A source close to her pooh-poohs the rumours and adds that she hasn't signed any film as yet and is perfectly happy looking after Beti B (and reading scripts in between). Aw shucks, we were so looking foward to this unusual pairing. Chalo, thoda aur intezaar...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945772", "title": "Iranian on the street ready with song of spring", "text": "Thirty-three years ago I fled Iran with my family. I was a child of nine and like thousands of Iranians, my father suddenly found it not safe for us to stay in our beloved country any more.Despite the fact that my father was not a political or aristocratic figure, not even a military man, his name was nailed to the mosque door - the second in a three-tier process, the last of which involved a gravestone being carved with a particular name and certain death at the hands of the revolutionaries - and so we ran for our lives for shelter in the UK .After nearly 20 years, I returned to Iran to find a country very different to the one I had been taught in the West to believe Iran to be. In my two decades away, the only images of Iran on our TV screens were of bearded, turbaned mullahs, of the trenches on the frontline of the war with Iraq or the sort of protests that they still now broadcast around the anniversary of the revolution - gangs of unshaven young men chanting Death to America and Death to Israel . What I had not realized watching these images in London was that the 'demonstrators' are government workers, whose livelihood depends on them showing up to march and chant for the world's cameras. Recently it has become even clearer that the regime has to make up numbers by recruiting schoolchildren who are given the day off and a trip to Tehran as incentive.The Iran I found, the one behind the headlines, was a country as diversely beautiful as the one I had left. A culture as ancient and historic as any I had seen on my travels around the world. A patrimony so splendid that it made me gasp every time I entered another mosque or old private house with their turquoise tiles and stained glass windows. A people so friendly that if you stopped someone to ask for directions on the street you were in danger of finding yourself sitting in their house drinking tea. A society so image-conscious and social that despite bans on alcohol, mixed company and non-religious music, I went to some of the most glamorous and wild parties I have ever been to in Tehran. And most surprising of all were the jokes, the belly laughs and the hilarity that accompanied every twist and turn of the regime. In a country long used to repression and helplessness, humour is the shield, the defence that keeps the darkness at bay. And the young people, with their funky interpretations of Islamic hijab and genius in circumventing the rules to flirt, date and fall in love, were a revelation.This is a country whose majority population is under 35 years old - 70%. These young people, who have grown up watching Western shows on illegal DVDs or satellite channels and who pore over the internet to devour every new technological advance, are a different breed to those of us who still harbour the fear in our hearts that the revolution instilled there.Despite the posturing of Mr Ahmadinejad , despite the brutal repression of the protest of 2009 after the disputed elections - our very own precursor to the Arab Spring - and despite the threats of war and nucleartipped missiles aimed at Iran, my greatest hope for my country lies with our young people and the strength of our women. The youth have grown up with the regime, they are used to navigating their way around the red lines, and they are used to running away from the police and spending the odd night in jail for being caught at mixed parties. Our women have resisted - and resist every day - the mullahs' impulse to put them under an all-encompassing veil and take away their rights. Despite the discrimination enshrined in Islamic law, they drive, work, vote, own property and can even divorce.What has happened in these 33 years is they have lost their fear. And the last time Iranians lost their fear was 33 years ago - and the result was the Islamic revolution.Kamin Mohammadi is the author of 'The Cypress Tree'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11946576", "title": "A journey to seek blessings", "text": "LUDHIANA: A sea of devotees from different communities participated in a Shobha Yatra organized on Saturday to mark Shivratri. The yatra started from the Ramlila ground in Daresi and passed through all the old markets in the city with the faithful thronging the silver chariot that is brought out from the city's oldest temple, Sanglan wala Shivala.Passing through Pratap Bazar, Chaura Bazar, Clock Tower, books market and Gur Mandi, the yatra ended at the temple while devotees pushed and shoved to catch a glimpse of the Shivling and seek the god's blessing.There were various tableaux with kids and youths posing as Lord Shiva and also dancing on Punjabi numbers. Members of various organizations had put up stalls on the route that the yatra took to distribute eatables among devotees.To mark Maha Shivratri celebrations, residents took part in a Shiv rath yatra on Saturday that led to lot of hardships for the commuters on the road. Most of the traffic in old city areas like Daresi, Partap Bazaar, Chaura Bazaar, Clock Tower, Kitaab Bazar was affected badly.Police department did not convey any information about the traffic route for rath yatra and this added to the chaos. Assistant commissioner of police, traffic, Swapan Sharma said they had not diverted the traffic and one lane of the road under Jagraon Bridge was closed for commuters, and only one side was moving. He said they had deputed 60 traffic and PCR cops for the maintenance of traffic. Charanjeet Singh, resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said it is annoying that the traffic department made no traffic plans for the yatra day. He said he faced mismanagement when he went for some work to Daresi and his vehicle moved at a snail's pace. He said traffic irregularities have become a matter of routine.Another commuter, Rajesh Kumar, a resident of Daresi, said he was stuck in a traffic jam for an hour, as the road in the area was very narrow and traffic department was not prepared to handle rush. He said wrong parking on the roads was another reason for the menace. Shaveta Sharma, a resident of Ghumar Mandi, was unaware about the yatra and came to Chaura bazar for some work but traffic jam spoiled her plans. She said traffic police was responsible for this chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11951416", "title": "Nitish Kumar pitches for central funds to catch up with rest of India", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Sunday urged the Centre to generously provide funds to Bihar to help inclusive growth in the state. But for it, Bihar's efforts for the development of all regions and every section of society will not fully bear fruit, he said while addressing the valedictory session of the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar'.Stating that Bihar is struggling to touch new heights and make growth a continuous process with its limited resources, the CM told Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen, who was present in the front row, that if central assistance comes in a major way, \"Bihar will not need to wait for 25 years to achieve the national average of per capita income\".A number of economists and experts had said during the three-day summit that Bihar would need 25-30 years to touch that level even if the state's present GDP growth rate continued.\"Why can't we achieve this target in 10 years? We can do this with focused planning,\" Nitish said while referring to state's road map on agriculture, envisaging an expenditure of Rs 1.50 lakh crore over five years. The new road map would come into effect from April 1 next, he declared.Turning to Sen again, the CM said, \"Poor people are comparatively less dishonest and we are poor people.\" The message conveyed was that central funds would not be misutilized in view of the state's recent record of fiscal discipline. He asked the economists and experts present to ponder over why the per capita income in Bihar is not increasing despite a high growth rate.\"It is a big challenge and we have to overcome it by identifying our own weaknesses and strengths,\" the CM said.Nitish said proposals for various projects under public-private partnership mode were being received. One mega bridge was being constructed at Bakhtiyarpur in Patna district. The Centre has given no-objection certificate for a four-lane road from Rajauli to Bakhtiyarpur and bids will invited for building it under PPP mode, he said.Nitish Kumar expressed confidence about an understanding with Nepal for the solution of certain problems.\"The opening of the summit by Nepal PM Baburam Bhattarai will open a new chapter in Indo-Nepal relations,\" he said, reiterating that Bihar's problem (of floods) cannot be solved without Nepal's cooperation.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said it was mainly because of good governance that Bihar has made an impressive turnaround. He referred to anti-corruption drive launched by the state government and attempt to check graft through declarations of assets by the CM to legislators and officials of all ranks. He said officials taking bribe are getting caught red-handed and confiscation of properties of corrupt officials under the Special Courts Act has started.Summit organizers Shaibal Gupta of ADRI and Alakh Narayan Sharma of Institute of Human Development also spoke while senior bureaucrat C K Mishra proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11946314", "title": "Rifle association gets a shot in the arm", "text": "THRISSUR: The district's rifle association is on a revival path. Formed in 1976, the association did not have a shooting range, office, guns or ammunition. It was also not registered with district authorities.Now, with a view to encourage shooting and tap the talent available in the district, authorities led by collector P M Francis and police commissioner P Vijayan have decided to revive the club.A recent meeting chaired by the collector decided to rename the club 'District Rifle Association Thrissur (DRAT)' and invite memberships.\"Shooters in the district are representing districts like Idukki and Palakkad in various championships. For example, 20-year-old Chavakkad resident Thayyib M M, a national shooter, was the star of the 44th state championship held in Kozhikode last year. He won nine medals representing Idukki. Another national shooter, Sanahin Nazar of Mullassery, has been winning laurels for Palakkad. There are at least a dozen shooters in the district who represent other districts,\" said Nelson J Palakkal, one of the individuals behind the revival mission.Nelson, 44, had a licence when he was 19, and had dreamt of participating in state/national championships, but there was no one to encourage or guide him.\"Though the association was started 35 years ago, it has not provided any support to shooters. But now, as we are reviving the association and inviting people to join, we have been receiving a warm response. Already 158 people have applied for membership, paying admission charges and Kerala State Rifle Association fee. We collected Rs 9.65 lakh by Feb 16,\" said Jaison Davies, treasurer, DRAT.DRAT is now led by a seven-member ad hoc committee with district collector as president and district police chief as vice-president. Once the applications are scrutinized, the ad hoc committee will convene a meeting of members and elect a governing body. \"District police chief P Vijayan said he would check the possibility of arranging a temporary shooting range in Ramavarmapuram till the association gets a permanent facilityWe hope youngsters will excel in this arena with assistance of DRAT,\" said Javert G Akkara, an organizing committee member of DRAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11946520", "title": "Students protest B. Arch admission delay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two aspiring architects staged a demonstration in front of the Odisha joint entrance examination (OJEE) office on Saturday, seeking an early decision on admission to B. Arch course.\"We met the OJEE authorities who failed to give a clear answer on when the admissions will take place,\" said Avishek Biswal, who had come all the way from Rourkela. \"It is frustrating that the decision could not be taken even though more than seven months have passed from the first scheduled date for counseling,\" said Biswal.Another student Ankita Das said she regrets appearing for OJEE last year. \"Looking back, it seems as if I committed a crime by appearing in the OJEE. Otherwise, I would have taken admission in another course instead of wasting a year waiting for the OJEE decision,\" she said.The court stayed the counselling acting on a petition of the Council of Architecture (CoA) on the eligibility criteria, sources said. \"The OJEE is helpless in view of the Orissa high court's stay order. We will approach the court for an early decision,\" a senior OJEE official said.Earlier, there was a delay in admission by over seven months due to differences between a private college and the state government over the method of selection. Government authorities said they followed the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) criteria for selection, while the private college said the state should have followed the CoA admission guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11946029", "title": "Copycat bomber held after extortion bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: It seems crooks in the city have a new role model in the mysterious bomber, who targeted an Israeli diplomat near the Prime Minister's residence early this week. And they want to reap a rich harvest in this \"terror season\". A video parlour man thought he had found the best way to extort money from a city businessman - by exploding a crude bomb in his car and later threatening him of dire consequences if he didn't pay.Parmod Jain, a resident of Pitampura, was returning from a wedding on February 15 when a biker came from behind and planted a bomb on the moving car. A loud explosion at the rear of his car gave him the scare of his life. The car bumper flew off and the numberplate was damaged. \"He initially thought it was a cracker thrown by some mischief maker so didn't take the matter to the police,\" said Addl DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya.The next day, Jain received an extortion call of Rs 5 crore, and the caller threatened to show him the \"full picture\", the \"trailer\" of which was shown to him the night before. The caller later sent a text message and threatened to hurt Jain's family if he didn't comply. Jain panicked and immediately alerted the cops.Police and forensic teams were pressed into action immediately. During the investigation, the complainant was asked to give details of his business, his employees, family members, friends and relatives. Cops wanted to ascertain if the attack was rooted in any professional or personal rivalry. The probe also revealed that the caller had obtained the number on a fake ID and was operational since May 2011.\"Through information developed by different sources, we identified one Gyanender as suspect. He was detained and interrogated and he confessed to his crime. He said the recent attack on the Israeli diplomat had inspired him to do something similar to become rich. He used to supply DVDs on rent in Pitampura and Jain was his regular customer. He gradually found out that Jain belonged to a business family with factories in Rajasthan and decided to strike at him. He prepared two crude bombs with the help of criminals based in Hathras, UP,\" said a source.Forensic officials told TOI that these bombs would explode when thrown at another solid object. On the evening of February 15, Gyanender was riding behind Jain's car. \"When they reached Lok Vihar, he threw a bomb at his car. We arrested Gyanender after his confession and seized the cellphone, records of DVD supply, 80 DVDs, raw potassium sulphide and another crude bomb,\" said Baaniya.A case of extortion and criminal intimidation has been registered against the accused. \"We might frame charges under the Explosives Act, too, once we receive the final report from FSL. Potassium sulphide is not a banned substance,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945439", "title": "Why the bang bang man weeps", "text": "They were a band of four with an unusual moniker - the 'Bang Bang Club' - that sounded straight out of a western comic, fitting perfectly with the grim and dangerous existence they led in the killings fields of the world.Chronicling conflicts, after all, is not everyone's play. And Greg Sebastian Marinovich is living testimony to it. He's the only one among the quartet to be standing on his own feet today. Two are dead and the third's legs have been amputated. Between them, they share two Pulitzers and a host of other prestigious awards from all over the world.Greg, 50, who was in Kolkata last week to conduct a workshop for photographers from Nepal, India and Bangladesh, spoke to Sunday Times about his fascinating and often bone-chilling experiences, and about his three friends - Kevin Carter, Ken Oosterbroek and Joao Silva. All were white South Africans who grew up during the apartheid regime. \"We met in the course of our work in exposing and documenting the violence between blacks engineered by the white supremacist regime.The apartheid regime was encouraging violence between different tribes of the blacks to show to the world that blacks couldn't rule by themselves. Ghastly violence became the order of the day in the 'bantustans' , the black enclaves. I started sneaking into these enclaves and filming the gore,\" he says, going back in time. It was one of these photos - a Zulu set on fire by African National Congress supporters in September 1990 - that won him the Pulitzer the next year.The four photographed many heartwracking and soul-wrenching scenes of violence and brutality in conflict zones all over Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. \"We became very good friends and all of us shared the same socialist ideology,\" says Greg. The first of the quartet to go was Ken, who fell to friendly fire from peacekeepers near Johannesburg in April 1994. Greg was also injured that time. In March 1993, while on a trip to Sudan to document the conflict there, Kevin took photos of a starving child lying on the ground with a vulture waiting for the child to die. This stark photo of the famine caused by conflict in Sudan won Kevin the Pulitzer next year. \"But many started questioning why he didn't save the child. Kevin, who was on drugs, somehow lost his moral compass and committed suicide a few months later in mid-1994 . Joao was injured in southern Afghanistan in October 2010 and both his feet have been amputated.\"Greg opposes the aura of heroism attached to conflict photographers and reporters . \"All that talk about conflict photographers ' heroism is nonsense. What we go through during the brief period we are in such places is nothing compared to what the people there go through. Death or injury is part of the game, and you don't sit down and cry,\" Greg says. \"The book (Bang Bang Club that Greg authored) is totally anti-hero .\"Greg says that when he looks back, he feels that the situations where he sustained injuries weren't that risky. \"It was the ones I came out of without a nick, like the many times I filmed a mob lynching a man with machetes and spears, that were much more dangerous,\" he says.He has had many near-death experiences, and one that he recalls vividly was during his trip to Afghanistan when Pakistani jet fighters started dropping cluster bombs. \"We took shelter in an abandoned house and one cluster bomb hit a beehive inside it. The bees attacked us. We had to make a choice between bees and bombs, and we decided to risk the bombs rather than get stung to death by the bees.\"Greg gave it all up 12 years ago. \"My time was up. I was lucky, many of my friends weren't . Some who came out alive suffer from depression and other disorders . A few had to be institutionalized,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "khagaria", "code": "11945262", "title": "Khagaria reels under acute power crisis", "text": "KHAGARIA: Khagaria district is once again reeling under acute power crisis. Though erratic power supply is a permanent feature in the district, the power situation deteriorated further in the last 15 days. The district is supplied power hardly for two to three hours daily with as many as 20 to 30 trippings.The commissioning of 132/133 KVA grid sub-station at Khagaria has brought no improvement in the power supply due to lack of proper maintenance of the sub-station. According to informed sources, not even 2 MW of power is supplied to the sub-station as against the requirement of 10 MW for the area.\"Acute power crisis has made the lives of the residents miserable,\" said Prem Kumar Verma, a social activist. Examinees of the ensuing matric and intermediate examinations are the worst sufferers as power goes off almost everyday at 6 pm and restored at midnight hampering the peak study hours, said Babulal Shourya, a student leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "the uninitiated would be forgiven for assuming they were at a public exam. the silence is thick enough to unsettle a saint, there are clipboards stacked in a corner, pencils, paperclips and neon highlighters lined up, and all ears are on the buzzer. when the moderator eventually gets to work, the atmosphere turns electric as if strung over with exposed wires. the announcer calls out", "code": "11945608", "title": "Two fat ladies and a murgi chor", "text": "The uninitiated would be forgiven for assuming they were at a public exam. The silence is thick enough to unsettle a saint, there are clipboards stacked in a corner, pencils, paperclips and neon highlighters lined up, and all ears are on the buzzer. When the moderator eventually gets to work, the atmosphere turns electric as if strung over with exposed wires. The announcer calls out: \" Two Fat Ladies: 88\". And the game is on.Across the city, in almost every social club and gymkhana, Housie is gathering numbers. What used to be an old party perker-upper (' Bring out the Bingo!') has become a game of high stakes, with zealous followers who chase the numbers across the board. They know the stakes at every gym, they know their rules, their singular manner of conducting the game, and most importantly , they've internalised the city's schedule, so without a blink they can rattle off the day and hour of the game at any given club. They even comprehend those quirky runups that go Dr Stein number 9, Vick's Formula 44, Murgi Chor Number 4 or Cradle Snatcher Number 14. God help a rookie announcer who foreruns a number with a wrong teaser, particularly when the stakes are high-the crowds would take him to the stake.At Catholic Gym, which sometimes receives close to 300 people on an ordinary Sunday-on the days they have the superstakes Bumper Housie, crowds swell to nearly 750 or even 1,000-the regulars are scattered around a large hall that's usually rented out for small weddings. They assemble around trestle tables, often with their 'Housie pals' , and set up for the game. Some wear their lucky charms, other take auspicious spots in the room.They bring out their custom-made name stamps so that they don't waste time inscribing the backs of the dozen tickets they're about to tackle. Inscribed tickets are cast into a bucket at the end of each game for 'bucket luck' -the last scrap of fortune they angle for. Every club allows you to buy anything from a single ticket to as many as you can scan in one sitting. Die-hards can skim even 18 tickets at a time.Rita Arroll settles for six. She'd started out with one, 20 years ago, when she played the game only to keep her mother-in-law company at Catholic Gym. \"In 42 calls, I won the Rs 500 snowball, big money then,\" she says, recalling the details as only a Housie buff would. \"I gradually bought more tickets and fanned out to other clubs.\" Today Arroll's week is divided between the Hindu Gymkhana (Tuesdays), The National Sports Club of India (Wednesdays), Radio Club (Fridays), PVM Gymkhana (Saturdays) and Catholic Gymkhana (Sundays). \"And when there's no Housie in town, I go to the Khar and Bandra gyms,\"she says. \"Of all the clubs, Radio Club is the most challenging. They call out the numbers fast (11 games in two hours), but the prizes are good-Rs 10,000 for the first house, and Rs 50,000 for the bumper prize. In addition to money, they even have sponsored prizes like refrigerators , microwaves and jewellery.\"But it's not the mammon alone that players are after. For many, it's the social benefit . \"Although I've won the snowball a couple of times in the past (That's Rs 10,000 in prize money), I go to the game to enjoy my evening,\" says 79-year-old Patricia Adams, who has been taking her pencils to Catholic Gym since the stakes were Rs 5.Interestingly, Housie in Mumbai is largely the pursuit of women-a clean gamble that raises no eyebrows or questions. \"90 per cent of the players happen to be women. It gives them a chance to get out of the house and catch up with friends,\" says Kali Patel, an old hand, famous as an announcer at many games. Patel has seen many types play. \"I remember a very poor woman who was a regular. She'd bring a sprig of moneyplant and a horseshoe along which she would rub on her ticket for luck,\" he says. People have been known to act out all manners of pantomime-from sitting on their tickets, chanting to them, changing seats at every game, and even asking those with consistent luck to buy their chits. And the theatrics get frenzied at tournaments and bumper games, where prize money arches up to almost Rs 1 lakh a win. Yesterday saw one such event at Radio Club, where an inter-club Housie tournie was played out. \"About 15 clubs participated, and over a thousand people attended,\" says Avni Tanna, whose husband Atul is chairman of Radio Club's Housie committee.The Tannas lead the lines; they often hike out with 25 fellow die-hards to Ahmedabad, Pune, Goa and Lonavala to have a run at annual mega games. \"The game has become so popular and lucrative by way of ticket sales and guest entry charges that individuals have also started renting out halls and organising private games,\" says Avni, who sets up Housie fundraisers for several nonprofits . She talks about having to routinely field calls from fans who want to know where to head for the big playoffs , since she keeps a Housie calendar of both local and national games. Sometimes things come to such a head, Tanna is compelled to protest 'Bas Karo Ji!' In Housie parlance that's Number 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945258", "title": "Numbers will force some soul searching", "text": "NAGPUR: Chhatrapati Shivaji, grieving over the loss of his close aide Tanaji during the capture of the Kondana fort, had famously said: 'Gad ala, pan sinha gela' (We have won the fort but the lion is lost).The position of the BJP-Sena combine after the victory in NMC elections seems to be similar. They have managed to retain power in NMC, but the outgoing mayor and deputy mayor have lost, causing grave embarrassment to its leaders.BJP leaders said that Archana Dehankar, the outgoing mayor, should have refrained from contesting as she \"very well knew that she would lose\". A senior leader said, \"Dehankar lost touch with her supporters in Gandhisagar after becoming mayor. The party workers in her ward felt that she had become too big for her boots. The voters also complained that she was not devoting time to them and was rarely seen in the ward.\"The official BJP version is that Dehankar's ward had been split and only a few pockets of her former ward had been included in the new one. This, to some extent, is true too.Dehankar's deputy Shekhar Sawarbandhe, who is from the Shiv Sena, also faced the ire of party workers and voters. Political workers say that he would have easily won the 2009 assembly elections from South Nagpur had he been given the ticket. Sawarbandhe's nomination was rejected by Sena leaders at the last moment. The piqued leader, apparently, did not pay much attention to his ward after this.Sawarbandhe also fell prey to voting on caste lines. His rival Prashant Dhawad is a Kunbi while Sawarbandhe is a Teli. Divya Dhurde, the BJP candidate contesting along with Sawarbandhe, won by 1,816 votes but he lost by 1,802 votes. Dhurde is also a Kunbi. Both Congress and BJP sources say that a consolidation of Kunbi voters decided to vote for Dhawad and Dhurde.Vikas Thakre, leader of opposition, and another prominent Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe, also have some soul-searching to do. Even though the two won seven seats in their area and wiped out BJP, Thakre's margin is only 911 and Gudadhe's 753 votes. All the seats won by Congress in the area are by less than 1,000 votes. Thakre had contested against south-west Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis in 2009 and wants to contest the assembly seat again in 2014. Gudadhe is also keen to contest from this seat.Compared to their performance, BJP bigwigs have won by handsome margins. Ruling party leader Pravin Datke has won by 3,918, Sandip Joshi by 2112, Anil Sole by 2,629, Balya Borkar by 2,972 and Avinash Thakre by 2,385.There was strong discontent against Balya Borkar and Avinash Thakre. There were seven BJP rebels against Borkar and, many political experts and even some BJP leaders had written him off. Even though there was no open rebellion against Avinash Thakre, he was also having a difficult time BJP leaders had admitted. The use of money power by Congress candidate Munna Jaiswal had unnerved Sandip Joshi. However, in the end all of them won by handsome margins. So did Alka Dalal of Shiv Sena against whom BJP had fielded a candidate breaching the pre-poll pact.Dehankar and Sawarbandhe are not the only prominent losers. NCP corporator Pushpa Malikar has suffered a humiliating defeat by 9,444 votes. Her husband Raghunath was the deputy mayor and is in civic politics since 1992. NCP's Harish Gwalbanshi has been trounced by his uncle Jagdish Gwalbanshi.A shock loss for BJP is Geeta Chhadi. The other BJP candidate Rajesh Ghodpage from her ward has won by a margin of over 3,500 votes while she has lost by over 1,300 votes. Non-performance and non-acceptance by Halba voters is the cause of this discrepancy.Manoj Sangole, who was considered to be invincible, has lost by 1,826 votes. Sangole is a Congressman but switched over to NCP in December. Congress did not give the seat to NCP in the seat sharing pact and Sangole had to contest as an independent, which backfired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943595", "title": "BMC orders to improve cleanliness in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking a serious note of city's mounting garbage problem and lack of cleanliness, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has transferred deputy health inspector on Saturday and issued orders to improve the cleanliness throughout the city.Taking cognizance of a report carried in The Times of India on February 11, the BMC has initiated measures to improve deteriorating cleanliness condition in city.Deputy commissioner Pramod Shukla has issued transfer order to deputy health inspector Deep Chouhan. \"There were garbage heaps on the roadside in the ward for which Chouhan was responsible to take care,\" Shukla told TOI.Moreover, the BMC has also commenced night cleanliness drives in some parts of the city. These places which have been included in the night cleanliness drive are New Market, MP Nagar, ISBT and bus stand.\"These places are crowded even in the night hours. After the shops are closed down, there are tons of garbage in front of eateries in these areas,\" the deputy commissioner said. The night cleanliness drive will keep these areas clean and tidy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11945023", "title": "Authority warns of action against pvt builders", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to conserve groundwater, Noida Authority has decided to initiate legal action against private developers wasting the precious resource during construction work. From now on, developers will have to submit affidavits assuring that they will minimise the wastage of groundwater before seeking permission for construction .The decision came after a meeting of Noida Authority, State Pollution Control Board and Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA) on Saturday. Taking cognisance of a recent incident whereby a private developer had been blatantly wasting groundwater resources for almost a year while digging for the construction of a mall in Sector 18, Bhure Lal, chairperson, EPCA directed the Authority to ensure that the work is halted. The Authority was also told to take appropriate action against the builder.\"The Authority has served notices to all developers who have been carrying out massive construction work, directing them to submit affidavits and details of reusing the groundwater,\" Bhure Lal said. All cases of violations have been submitted to Central Ground Water Commission (CGWC).\"While individuals who construct a floor or two for residential use can be spared, builders constructing high-rises must submit the affidavits,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11949982", "title": "Election code costs Punjab Rs 19 crore stamp duty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lack of physical movement of cash during the month of January 2012 due to election code being in force has cost Punjab Rs 19 crore as stamp duty. The revenue department of Punjab could gather only Rs 170 crore in January 2012 as against Rs 189 crore in the corresponding period of the last year.Informed sources told The Times of India buyers and sellers of land and property seemed to have postponed their registration during the month both because movement of cash was difficult and a large number of them might have been busy in electioneering.The department is now making preparations to facilitate registration of land and property to meet the Rs 2900 crore stamp duty target by March 31, 2012.Sources said except the electioneering-busy month of January, this year had seen higher realization of stamp duty in rest of months to collect more than Rs 2522 crore by January this year as against around rs 2319 crore during the last fiscal year Till last year in January, the department could collect only Rs 1885 crore as stamp duty.The department is now struggling to achieve the target in the remaining months of the fiscal year. The remaining months of the year are not very buoyant normally. Immediately after the sale of crop from April onwards for couple of months, land deals increase.But as the collector rate increases generally every year in April, buyers and sellers of land will now trying to get properties registered during the next two years of the fiscal. Even deals pending due to election code in being force may materialize during the next two months of the fiscal year as restrictions on physically carrying cash are lifted now.This was probably the first time when stamp duty collection dropped during the elections as Punjab for the first time saw restrictions on movement of money during the electioneering. The election commission of India started the experiment of curtailing movement of cash during the Tamil Nadu assembly election to stop vote buying by candidates and parties. There was fear that the 2G scam money will be used to win over votes by DMK and Congress alliance in Tamil Nadu.Stamp duty is worst affected as almost all land deals are done through a big chunk of cash to evade stamp duty on registration of land. Stamp duty is paid on the price of the land bought through accounted money. Cash is the unaccounted part of the land deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945327", "title": "Mothers and wives make up the numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: Of the 145 who got elected to the NMC, more than half - 74 - are women. But, very few of them are established names in the political field with most being either wives or mothers of outgoing corporators and political leaders who have got tickets due to the reservation. Hence, even though they are three less, the men are hardly likely to be 'outnumbered'.73 seats had been reserved for women under the new prabhag system. Ex-mayor Maya Iwnate created a stir by winning an open seat and giving an slight edge to women.Wives of seven outgoing corporators have made it to the house. The victory of a few of them is also the high point of the election which was held on February 16. The results were announced on Thursday.Harshala, wife of outgoing Congress corporator Manoj Sable, won the Gandhisagar seat defeating mayor Archana Dehankar. Vishaka, wife of outgoing BJP corporator Baba Maind, was elected unopposed from Shankar Nagar.Among other women winners, Sarita, wife of outgoing BJP corporator Sanjay Tiwari, won from Ajni; Divya, wife of outgoing independent corporator Dipak Dhurde, was the best from Nehru Nagar; Rita, wife of outgoing BJP corporator Ashok Mule, was victorious from Sakkardara, and Dimpi, wife of outgoing Lokmanch corporator Babbi Bawa, took the top spot won from Mecosabagh. All these outgoing corporators had to field their wives as the seat was reserved for women.Meena, mother of outgoing independent corporator Kamlesh Chaudhary, emerged victorious from Vayusena Nagar. But, he did not taste success after moving to a new ward.Pallavi, daughter-in-law of Chandrapur MLA and BJP corportaor Nana Shamkhule, won from Khamla. Similarly, there are many women corporators who are wives or from the family of political leaders. Malu, wife of Tanaji Wanve, a Congress leader too emerged victorious.Many of the sitting women corporators who made it again are also wives of leaders but are slowly making their own identity. Sujatha Kombade, Neeta Thakre, Alka Dalal, Pragati Patil and Harshala Jaiswal are some of them.A few outgoing corporators failed to get their wives or mothers elected. Prominent in that list is outgoing NCP corporator Vedprakash Arya. His wife Kamala lost from Nara.Similarly, Aarti, wife of outgoing Congress corporator Anil Waghmare, lost. And so did Amrapalli, wife of outgoing BJP corporator Rupesh Meshram.Nirmala, mother of outgoing NCP corporator Nitish Gwalbanshi too lost.Among the wives of prominent leaders who lost are Rajeshree, wife of Kishor Jichkar. She too contested as an independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11946249", "title": "Blood racket agent held", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A man was arrested on Saturday for running a blood racket. Police arrested Bijoy Mondal after receiving complaints from patients' kin and an NGO.A relative of Rukunuddin Momin, resident of Nagar in Khargram, is admitted at Rabindranath Tagore diagnostic and medical care unit under Dr B Mitra. \"After we failed to collect blood from the various blood banks in the locality, we approached Bijoy. He promised to give us three bottles of blood for Rs 4500. But he failed to supply blood,\" alleged Momin.Bijoy admitted that he had been working for five genuine and three fake doctors. He also divulged names of some people who are involved in supplying blood. SP Murshidabad Humayun Kabir said, \"We are trying to nab the racket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945154", "title": "In some wards, rivals will have to join hands", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the most striking changes in this year's NMC election was that people didn't vote blindly for any party but intelligently selected candidates which they thought were the best. Therefore, different parties have won in the same ward this time. However, analysts apprehend that candidates from rival parties winning in same ward may hamper development owing to differences in their ideologies.In about 30 wards out of 72, men and women candidates have won from different parties. For example - NCP's Prakash Gajbhiye won the election from VNIT ward defeating BJP's Sandeep Gawai, but BJP's Ashwini Jichkar comfortably defeated Congress nominee by over thousand votes.Another interesting trend witnessed was that though both men and women won from the same party, the victory margin for both of them had a huge difference. Ravindra Bhoyar of BJP won by just 37 votes against his rival from Congress Vijay Bhabre in Reshimbag ward, but Sarika Nandurkar (BJP) contesting from the same ward won convincingly by 2,401 votes defeating Surekha Chaudhary of Congress.According to a noted psychologist who didn't wish to be named, the trend was not associated with psychological factors but rather related to socio-political issues and personal know-how of the candidates. \"In fact, the issue was discussed in our psychologists' forum but failed to get a concrete conclusion. Of course it is a new trend but it doesn't reflect any psychological trend,\" she said, adding that in civic polls, familiarity factor plays a major role rather than the party or banner, unlike Lok Sabha and assembly elections.City Congress president, Jaiprakash Gupta told TOI that even they were surprised by this trend and are studying it. \"The trend is a clear indication that voters have now become more watchful than ever before, he pointed out.\"Party activists play a key role in the elections as they are in touch with the voters. Many contestants though given ticket by the party didn't find favour with the activists who work at ground level. \"In such situation, the activists favour only one candidate and desert the other. Familiarity with voters is the key,\" he said.City BJP chief Anil Sole, however, stated that division of votes took place as new voters were added to various wards after boundaries were redrawn. \"But it accounts to only 10-20%,\" he added.The personality of the candidates matters most. His image, his interaction and the work done in the past decide the fate of the candidates nowadays,\" he said, while accepting that the voter has become more alert than the past.Both Gupta and Sole, however, ruled out the possibility that the two candidates from different parties working in same ward would hamper the development prospects. \"Party politics is different but working on field is another aspect. In fact, it would help in bringing more transparency,\" Gupta felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945421", "title": "Exam season on, students complain of neck pain", "text": "NAGPUR: Long hours of studies, combined with bad posture have now started causing orthopaedic problems among students. With the exam season just round the corner the problems will compound as students will be writing for long hours without changing their posture much.Well known orthopaedic surgeon Dr Sushrut Babhulkar says the neck is the worst-affected part. \"When students are reading they bend forward, then they adopt a similar posture while writing. The problem is most common with neck, but is not limited to it. Ultimately the pain will spread to the spinal cord if corrective measures are not taken,\" said Dr. Babhulkar.So if students do feel discomfort and pain during the exams, it is not just because of their posture on that particular day. \"That pain is a result of bad posture for at least a couple of years but went unnoticed. During board exams the intensity of study increases hence orthopaedic problems become noticeable,\" added Dr Babhulkar.Some experts feel that the problem is a direct result of the current generation not participating in physical activities. Anil Karwande, a physical educator with over three decades of experience, feels the current generation just does not have the basic body strength. \"The problems these students have are isolated to the neck and shoulders because these are the weak points. Only five per cent of students in that age group will be able to do chin-up or pull-up exercises which test shoulder strength. This is a result of staying away from sports or outdoor activities. Majority of schools have stopped mass PT which was a regular feature till at least a decade ago,\" said Karwande.Dr Babhulkar agrees that the problem is a recent phenomenon. \"I too gave exams years ago but never had these problems. It is a fact that the current generation is weaker hence they are unable to cope with the posture problems,\" he said.Their rationale of 'weak generation' is that over the decades the exam pattern has barely changed. Board exams are still given in offline mode and many of them last about two hours each. Also students have to study and the system cannot change overnight, so does this mean that there is no way out of the problem?Dr Babhulkar says there is no guaranteed short-term solution, but certain things can be done to help reduce the pain. \"All therapy is a long-term commitment. But since board exams are just a few days away there are certain basic exercises students can do. Stretching is the best method to counter this problem. Every one hour students should stretch their hands and legs. While writing for a long time the shoulder and elbows can pain so take a few seconds of breather. Yoga is the best method for posture correction but very few students do that. It is advisable for students to seek professional help if the pain continues for a long time,\" he said.So short stretching exercises should be focused on a daily basis.'Ortho problems can have a spillover effect on health'Aanchal AgarwalAbout two years ago I started feeling the pain around my neck. First I did not think much about it but when the problem persisted we consulted a doctor. The pain was a result of years of bad posture mostly due to studies. In the day, one sits in the classroom for hours, where you have to lean a bit to read or write. After school the tuitions start and the same thing happens there as well. Even after returning home the studies continue, and unknowingly bad posture becomes a routine that you do not even notice.Since my neck pain was really bad the doctor suggested medication and physiotherapy. But I was aware that there is no immediate solution to the problem. Due to the medication I am prescribed, I have started having acidity - as side effect - but that is something I have to live with for now. If I stop the medication then the pain increases and studies go for a toss.Medical experts have told me that ultimately the problem will go away as it is 100 per cent rectifiable, but till then the pain will continue in a descending pattern. I gave my Std X board exams last year and will be appearing for another one in 2012. So the academic demands are high and I understand that other students might be going through a similar situation.The best advice I can give is that students should take a two pronged approach. One is short term and the other long. For short-term keep doing stretching exercises, or consult a physiotherapist. Keeping a long-term view in mind consult an orthopaedic if your problem is bad as the medication will certainly help.(Std XI student suffering from orthopaedic problems)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943573", "title": "Nearly 10,000 people went missing in 8 years", "text": "JAIPUR: It is a cry for justice for those who have vanished into darkness, probably never to return. A writ petition seeking Rajasthan High Court's intervention in tracing a staggering number of people missing from Rajasthan-nearly 10,000 over the past eight years-was filed on Friday.The petitioner, Krishna Kukkad from one Anti-Social Activities Prevention Society, fears in his petition that many of the missing persons, especially teenaged girls, are likely to have fallen prey to human trafficking gangs.\"However, except lodging missing persons report in a casual manner, nothing has been done seriously to find out the real story behind such large number of missing persons by the state authorities,\" the petitioner has said.He has further pleaded, \"the present state of affairs reminds us of the 'Nithari case', where many children were reported missing. However, they were found kidnapped and then murdered by one person just below the nose of Noida police in Uttar Pradesh\".\"As per the police records, about 9,400 persons have been reported missing since 2004. Figures are alarming and almost 70 to 80% of missing persons are either children or women. It is quite dreadful,\" Kukkad said.He alleged that state authorities, except in a few highlighted cases, where there is media hype or some persons from the family having high-level connections are kidnapped or missed, had not acted at all.\"One may wonder as to what happens to those children who go missing. Do they fall victim to the child adoption rackets or child kidnappers who would force them join the army of beggars or prostitutes? The percentage of missing children who remain untraced is consistently on the rise in the state,\" petitioner's advocate A K Jain told TOI.However, the police claim to have undertaken some serious efforts recently.\"Earlier, when a person went missing, just a complaint used to be filed. But now instructions have been given to lodge a proper FIR. We keep every details in our records about the missing person including distinct birthmarks and photograph,\" said a senior CID, CB officer.The police department claims to have adopted many new measures to improve the situation. \"First, a missing person's report (MPR) is filed with a particular police station, then the information is sent to all the police stations across the state through radiogram,\" he said.\"Then the investigation officer of ASI or SI level goes through all the possibilities where the person could be found. If we fail to trace the person in this way and all the police stations report failure to our headquarters in this regard, we then use the media and other publicity techniques to inform the public about it. Besides, we also inform the police of other states through ZIP NET,\" said the officer.The petitioner has made the home secretary and the DGP respondents in the matter. The petition is likely to come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "tehri", "code": "11951159", "title": "Five-year-old girl killed by leopard", "text": "TEHRI: A minor girl was killed by a leopard at Bhilangana area of Uttarakhand's Tehri district, forest officials said on Sunday.Five-year-old Jyoti Kumari was playing in her compound last evening when the leopard attacked her and dragged her into the nearby jungles, they said.After hearing the girl's shrieks, villagers ran after the leopard but were unable to find the child. The girl's body was recovered this morning but had not been eat by the leopard, they said.The body has been sent for postmortem. The forest officials have announced a compensation of Rs one lakh to the family of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943685", "title": "Tears turn into smile for Shamim Pathan", "text": "PUNE: Tears of disappointment over losing the civic election from Dalvinagar ward in Chinchwad, turned into a smile of disbelief for Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Shamim Pathan on Friday.On Friday afternoon, the results showed Pathan lost to Madhuri Kulkarni of the Congress. A jubilant Kulkarni had even started her victory procession while a tearful Pathan along with her supporters and family members was heading home disappointed.However, her sons Sajid and Aatif were confident that their mother had won and officials counting the votes had made a mistake while adding the votes. \"My sons insisted that we go back and bring the calculation mistake to the notice of the election,\" said Pathan.Narrating the incident, she said, \"The election officials announced the votes polled by each candidate. The votes recorded in the 21 electronic voting machines were announced one by one, and my workers and sons were noting down the figures. The election officials announced that I lost the election by a margin of 36 votes, but my sons were confident that I was ahead by 10 votes.\"Pathan said she never thought that the officials would be wrong, so she ignored her sons' claim.\"I congratulated Kulkarni and went home. The party workers had begun to gather at my house. My sons Sajid and Aatif had kept a record of the votes polled in 22 rounds. They calculated the votes again and found that I secured 14 votes more than Kulkarni,\" she said.So Pathan went back to the counting centre and suggested the officials that they recount the votes. \"The officials said it was lunch time and they would cross check later. They also pointed out that they had not officially announced the result. After lunch the votes were recounted, which showed that I won by 14 votes,\" she said.By this time, her rival Kulkarni also returned to the counting centre to be told that she had lost the election to Pathan.Pathan was elected to the civic body in 1997 and 2002 on a Congress ticket. She was also the standing committee chairperson during 1999-2000.The 61-year-old Pathan was born in Karmala in Solapur district. She came to Chinchwad after her marriage to Mohammad Siraj, who was employed here. She worked as a high school teacher in Fattechand junior college. She was the vice-president twice and director for 10 years of the Pune District Central Co-operative bank. She continued to work as a teacher after being elected as corporator in 1997, but has since retired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11945653", "title": "Could have done better in tennis than politics: Chidambaram", "text": "AGARTALA: Union home minister P Chidambaram quips he could have shined better as a tennis player than as a politician and that \"perhaps I have chosen a wrong path\".\"I used to play tennis during my days in college and my track record was good. Had I been in tennis court, I could have done better than politics. Perhaps I have chosen a wrong path,\" Chidambaram said with a smile.Inaugurating a tennis court funded by North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited, he referred to young tennis player Somdev Debbarman from Tripura and said \"Somdev has made India proud. I hope Tripura produces more Somdevs\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943620", "title": "IIMs retain their lustre", "text": "MUMBAI: For students who choose not to apply to any of these lesser-known colleges, the decision is a no-brainer: the curriculum is farfrom business reality, faculty is minimal and, most importantly, few respectable companies participate in the course-end recruitment drives.At one time, the archetypal Indian MBA did join anonymous business colleges. But now, with no job offer at the end, the decision is no longer complicated: a young graduate would rather take up a job or prepare harder for another shot at an entrance exam which is the gate to a better B-school, says Stephen D'silva, director, Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies.However, while the lower-rung management schools are being bypassed, there are still tens of thousands who make a B-line to join an IIM. Pankaj Chandra, director of IIM-Bangalore, boasts of the lakhs of students who sign up to take the Common Admission Test (CAT) for close to 3,000 seats that the IIMs have on offer. \"It is a great time to do an MBA. The brightest ones still want to do an MBA,\" he adds.Having said that, the manner in which India's business education sector has developed poses a vital question: Is the MBA for everyone? Across the country, academics, irrespective of the institute they are affiliated to, are relating to Henry Mintzberg of McGill University, Montreal, who devoted a book to his contention that \"conventional MBA programs train the wrong people in the wrong ways with the wrong consequences\".Mintzberg's line 'Warning: Not Prepared to Manage' has become a popular catch phrase in internal meetings that B-school boards and faculty members hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11951193", "title": "Two policemen killed in road accident", "text": "ERODE: In a hit-and run case, two Armed Reserve Police constables were killed when their two-wheeler was knocked down by a vehicle in the wee hours on Sunday.Ramesh (30) and Balakrishnan (29), on special duty at Sathyamangalam in the district, died on the spot when an unidentified vehicle dashed against their motorcycle here, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "11950144", "title": "Government to issue notice to RIL on fall in gas output from KG-D6", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Oil Minister S Jaipal Reddy today said the government will issue notice to Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) on the fall in gas output from its D-6 fields in KG-Basin.\"From KG D-6, 70 mmcmd (of gas) should come. In this year it fell to 37 mmcmd. In this regard, we are going to issue notice (to Reliance),\" Reddy told reports during his maiden visit to KG-Basin.The Oil Ministry and its technical arm - the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) - blame the fall in output from KG-D6 fields to 34.5 million cubic meters per day instead of 70.39 mmcmd planned for now, and 80 mmcmd by April, due to RIL drilling fewer wells than it had committed.The ministry is consulting with legal experts on sending the notice to RIL and will go through the normal legal process, Reddy had said last week.DGH wants USD 1.235 billion, out of the USD 5.7 billion expenditure already made in KG-D6, to be disallowed as RIL has drilled and completed only 18 wells as against the agreed upon 31 wells in the block, resulting in lower gas output.Anticipating such a move, RIL had on November 24 slapped an arbitration notice saying the Production Sharing Contract allows 100 per cent of the expenses to be recovered and has no provision to restrict cost recovery in proportion to output.RIL says it has not drilled the committed number of wells as the reservoir has not behaved as predicted and output dipped due to a fall in pressure and water and sand ingress in wells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946252", "title": "Return of hockey\u2019s prodigals", "text": "It's been over a decade since 64-year-old Leslie Fernandes wielded a hockey stick. The former goalkeeper, part of the Indian team that won the World Cup in 1975, was playing it again in his mind when he recently watched 12 Anglo-Indian teams from across the country battle it out at a tournament in Chennai.The 'Toast to Hockey 2' tournament, held every two years (this time between February 17-18), is a celebration of the community's contribution to the national game, and many hope it might just bring the prodigal sons of Indian hockey back to the game. \"Most players in the pre-World War II teams, which won three Olympic gold medals, were Anglo-Indians and they made India famous the world over,\" says Harry MacLure, editor of Anglos In The Wind', an international magazine for Anglo Indians.MacLure, coming from a 500-year-old community with a strong music-sports tradition, had the idea of a hockey tournament for his people in July 2009 to revive interest in it among youngsters. The first tournament was held in Chennai in 2010 with teams from Kolkata, Vishakhapatnam, Trichy, Bangalore and Chennai.\"It was in the late 19th and early 20th centuries that hockey was introduced in British military cantonments. It was popularized by Irish Christian brothers running educational institutions in Mussoorie, Kolkata and Dehra Dun,\" says Richard O'Connor, one of the organizers. \"Anglo-Indians took to the game and it flourished in the railway colonies.\"Hockey legend Trevor Vanderputt, who came from Australia, remembers playing hockey in the streets. \"It was popular in Catholic boarding schools,\" says the 80-year-old. As a 17-year-old, Vanderputt worked for a year in the UK, playing for the Indian High Commission in London. \"It was entirely an Anglo-Indian team,\" he says. In the 1970s, he came to India with a young hockey team from Australia, which included Ric Charlesworth, who went on to become coach of the teams that won the Champions Trophy in Auckland last year, and the Commonwealth Games in 2010 in New Delhi.The list of Anglo-Indian hockey greats is long. Leslie Claudius featured in the Guinness Book for winning the maximum number of Olympic medals - three gold, one silver - in hockey. He received the Padma Shri in 1971. The 1928 Olympic team had nine Anglo-Indians; the 1932 team eight, and the 1936 team six.Anglo-Indian women also reigned supreme. \"They excelled in all sports and dominated hockey,\" says MacLure. The provincial and national championships were swept by Anglo-Indian teams. \"The women's national hockey tournament in Bhopal in 1961 was an all-Anglo-Indian affair,\" he says.But the game went into a decline after India won the Olympic gold in 1980. \"Cricket gained popularity, especially after the 1983 World Cup win,\" says O'Connor. Children began playing cricket and schools stopped promoting hockey. Many Anglo-Indians migrated to England, Australia and Canada after Independence. \"We lost many talented players due to the mass exodus,\" says Fernandes. After Partition, brothers Julian, Eric, Cec, Mel and Gordon Pearce migrated to Australia. All went on to become successful international players for their adopted country.Unemployment and financial insecurity are other factors that led to hockey's decline. \"Government organizations like Railways' ICF used to offer jobs to players, but that has stopped,\" says Adam Sinclair, who played in the 2004 Athens Olympics. \"Our youngsters' desire to make quick money led many of them to opt for call centre jobs, which they land easily as they have a good command over English.\"Alloysius Edwards, who played in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, says nepotism at all levels of selection ruined the game. \"This has been a problem with all Indian sports,\" he says. The switch to astro turf, too, has hampered hockey's growth in smaller cities which don't have it. Then, hockey sticks have become expensive, acting as a deterrent, says Fernandes. But Anglo-Indian hockey clubs are trying to keep the game alive. Thomas Chouke, captain of Anglo Wanderers, a club in Chennai, says hockey is \"the first love\" in many Anglo-Indian households. \"Every family has someone who played the game and we're proud of our heritage,\" he says.The present tournament finally culminated in true Anglo-Indian style. \"After all the friction on the field, we get together to dine and dance and celebrate the spirit of the game,\" says Chouke. Play on, hockey boys.With iputs from Krishna Kanta Chakraborty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11943873", "title": "Munat new industry minister", "text": "RAIPUR: In a sudden decision, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh Saturday reshuffled portfolios of his five ministerial colleagues, giving the coveted industry portfolio to his close aide Rajesh Munat in place of urban administration, official sources said.Singh, who heads a 13-member council of ministers, handed over urban administration portfolio to Amar Agrawal, who had earlier held revenue.Hemchand Yadav and Ramvichar Netam swapped portfolios and now Netam will look after water resources department and Yadav will handle panchayats and rural development.Dayaldas Baghel who was industry minister has now been made revenue minister.Political analysts said Singh, who is heading the Bharatiya Janata Party government in the state since December 2003, was forced to effect the minor reshuffle among under-performing ministers in a bid to bolster the government image as Chhattisgarh goes to assembly polls later next year. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945711", "title": "Traders throw their weight behind BJP", "text": "The BJP isn't willing to believe its own stellar performance in the BMC elections . The party, which contested 63 seats as Shiv Sena-RPI's poll ally, bagged 31 seats as against its 2007 tally of 21.The BJP's urban, middleclass voters turned out in large numbers to register their protest against the UPA. \"There was a subterranean anti-Congress wave in Mumbai , which improved BJP's poll tally,\" said senior party worker Atul Bhatkhalkar.The mercantile class stood firmly by the BJP on the issue of cross-border terrorism and Mumbai's security concerns , according to a BJP legislator . \"The Afzal Guru case, the prolonged Kasab trial, last year's bomb blasts prompted the trader class to back the BJP,\" the legislator stated.The Mumbai BJP bosses issued a fatwa early this year asking partymen not to voice views on the Sena-BJP seatsharing formula or publicly rile Matoshree. \"While cynics were writing us off, our workers were working for the party's success,\" said Mumbai BJP chief Raj Purohit.BJP may accept Jyoti Alavani , a rebel candidate who won from a Vile Parle ward, as the party's co-member , sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11949407", "title": "Three persons arrested in rape case, police looking for fourth", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Police have arrested three persons in connection with the alleged rape of an Anglo-Indian woman on February 5 and was looking for a fourth person who was absconding.\"We have evdience of the involvement of four persons. We have arrested three and are looking for the fourth person\", Joint commissioner of police (crime), Damayanti Sen said.The three persons have been identified as Sumit Bajaj, Nasir Ali and Ruman Khan, Sen said here yesterday.Ali, alias Tusi who was a dealer in leather products, was impersonating Lavi Gidwani.The police after investigating had found that Gidwani was in Canada since January two, while two others named by the woman, were found to be elsewhere.The woman in her mid-thirties and a mother of two children, had filed an FIR with the Park Street police station four days after the incident.Sen said that the police procured the CCTV footage from the night club and spotted some persons around a car that night.Sumit Bajaj, who is the son of a businessman, was found to be the owner of the car in which the alleged crime was committed.The car has been impounded and forensic tests conducted, Sen said.Sumit Bajaj of Port area and Rehman Khan a resident of north Kolkata were arrested when they were going to the Howrah station presumably to escape from the metropolis, Sen said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had claimed that the incident was a 'fabricated story' and intended to malign her government and blamed some TV channels for projecting it.Commissioner of Kolkata Police R K Pachnanda had said there were attempts to criticise the police and the state government over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937542", "title": "Creative designs at this trendy do", "text": "Students showcased their assorted mix of creative design at this event held in the city. Models Aanchal Kumar, Adam Bedi, Shamita Singha, Sandhya Shetty, Chahat Sabaji and Iris Maity sizzled on the ramp.The show was choreographed by Nisha Harale. Among the guests who were spotted interacting with the students were Mandira Bedi , Aditi Gowitrikar, Ashmit Patel , Swapnil Shinde, Sabina Singh, Ramona, Vinod Nair, Siddharth Kher, Shraddha Das, Vinta Nanda, Manali Jagtap, Leena Mogre and Nisha Merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11949485", "title": "Fishermen killing: Law will take its own course, says Krishna", "text": "BANGALORE: External Affairs Minister S M Krishna today said the law of the country would take its own course in fishermen killing case in which the crew of an Italian ship fired at and killed two Indians off Kollam coast in Kerala.\"The law of the land will take its own course in the incident where the crew of an Italian ship Enrica Lexie fired at and killed two Indian fishermen (off Kollam coast in Kerala),\" he told reporters on the sidelines of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee meeting here.Krishna said the captain and two members of the Italian ship must cooperate with Kerala law agencies to arrive at an amicable solution.\"We have advised the Italians to cooperate with the Kerala law agencies to find an amicable solution,\" he said.Refuting claims of Italian embassy officials in Delhi that the Indian vessel attacked the Italian ship in international waters, Krishna said \"the fishing vessel was only carrying fishing nets and fish\".The fishermen Ajesh Binki (25) and Jalastein (45) were killed on February 15 off Kollam coast near Kerala when armed guards of the ship fired at their boat, suspecting it to be a a vessel belonging to pirates.Krishna said there were agitations in Kerala over fishermen's killings.Krishna said he has been in talks with Italian Foreign Affairs Minister Giulio Maria Terzi and Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on the issue.The minister said he was looking forward to Terzi's visit to India on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11946035", "title": "First international trade fair begins in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Over 375 global companies, including ArcelorMittal , ONGC , Tata Steel , SAIL, Jindal Steel &amp; Power Limited, Grolier International, Samsung and Whirlpool will participate in the first Jharkhand International Trade Fair that will be inaugurated here on Sunday.The eight-day fair, being organized by India International Trade Event Organization in association with the state government, will also have stalls by Indian Army, Navy and Indo-Tibetan Border Police to make the youths aware of job opportunities. States like Gujarat, Bihar, Sikkim and Meghalay will also put up their pavilions in the fair.Organizer of the trade fair B S Negi said, \"This is the first time that an international trade fair is being organized here on lines of India International Trade Fair (IITF), Delhi. We expect that people of Jharkhand who don't get a chance to visit Delhi will be able to visit the fair and get an idea of the fast changing economy,\" said Negi. Almost all the companies with global presence right from automobile to home appliance, fast moving consumer goods and handicrafts are participating in the fair.The objective behind inviting the army and the paramilitary forces to put up their stall is to make youths aware of job opportunities. \"We have heard that many youths in the state have joined the rebels. We would like to make the youths aware of the opportunities that are waiting for them in elite forces of the country,\" said Negi adding that the organizers were hopeful that the trade fair would be able to bring changes in the perception of educated youths by informing them available of job opportunities.The fair will also give an opportunity to self-help groups, non-government organizations, various government departments and financial institutions. The organizers said brass band and dog show of Indo-Tibetan Border Police will be special attraction for visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11946453", "title": "Oppn alleges poll code violation by BJD", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Congress leaders have accused the administration of overlooking the violation of election code of conduct by the BJD. This comes in the wake of the BJD emerging as the majority by securing nine out of the 19 zilla parisad seats in Sambalpur till the end of fourth round of panchayat polls on Friday. They have threatened to move court if the administration's attitude continues to the same even on Sunday, the final phase of the polls.Congress district president Rajkishore Das alleged that BJD workers have terrorized people by using muscle power and police are supporting it. Talking to the media on Saturday, Das said he has already brought this to the notice of the Election Commissioner and requested to ensure free and fair polls in the final phase.\"We do not want to comment on the result of the poll but the way administration extends supports to the ruling party workers we feel it crosses all limits. We will move the court if the Election Commission does not initiate any step against our allegation\", said Sureswar Mishra, senior Congress leader.The BJP is also of similar view on the role of the administration in the rural polls. Local MLA Jay Narayan Mishra said the ruling BJD wants to grab the zZilla Parisad by using both Muscle and money power BJP becomes the worst sufferer in this election. \"We are simply helpless before the muscle and money power used by the BJD workers\", Jay Narayan Mishra said.BJD is in an upbeat mood after its win. \"We had won only one seat in the Sambalpur zilla parishad but this we will form the parishad,\" BJD district president Rohit Pujari said. He rubbished allegations of the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11946537", "title": "Lathore inferno Dalit victims still homeless", "text": "BALANGIR: Around 218 Dalits are living in a temporary shelter in a school even a month after upper caste people torched their houses and looted their belongings in Lathore in Balangir district.Although the district administration had promised to reconstruct the houses in a meeting with members of Lakhe Ghara Ganda Samaj Unnayana Samiti of the Dalit community, there has been no headway. \"Initially the administration was reluctant to construct the houses. It only wanted to give compensation. But after we organized a rally and placed our demands in a memorandum, the collector invited us for a discussion, where he agreed to construct the houses. But sadly, it is yet to begin,\" said Omprakash Kumbhar, president of the outfit.On January 23, upper caste people had torched 30 houses of the Dalits in Lathore after which 250 men, women and children were shifted to the temporary shelter. Police subsequently arrested 42 persons and sent them to judicial custody. Property worth about Rs 2.5 crore was reportedly damaged in the riot. \"We know that we won't get the valuables we lost when our houses were burnt down. We have lost important documents, ornaments and land records. But at least we should be provided with houses to live in. For how many days will we live in the school,\" said Jitendra Suna, one of the victims of the riot.National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued a notice to Odisha government, calling for a report on the incident within four weeks. Earlier, a team of Jawahala Neheru University (JNU) students visited Lathore to sympathize with the victims and also met the district collector.A few days ago, Dalits of the district and Lathore victims organized a rally and walked through the main road in Balangir town, holding placards and raising slogans. They demanded action against the erring police officials, who allegedly overlooked the warnings of the upper caste people a day before the incident. They also demanded Balangir district to be declared SC-ST atrocity prone.The Lakhe Ghara Ganda Samaj Unnayana Samiti outfit had given a fact sheet to the district administration mentioning incidences arising out of caste antagonism in the district. It said in the last two years 12 such incidents have taken place in the district. According to the outfit , the atrocity prone villages are Lakarma, Belpada, Jamsar, Pardhiapali, Kalijharan, Bandhpada, Gaibahal, Uparbahal, Bubel and Ambahali. \"In each incident, either false allegations were slapped on lower caste people or the upper caste people openly expressed untouchability by speaking insulting words,\" said the outfit's secretary Sitaram Kumbhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944604", "title": "Wildlife in deep waters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Flamingos and pelicans are keeping away from one of the largest wetlands in the state, Nalsarovar. The reason. Water from Narmada released for irrigation is seeping into the lake, raising its level to four feet. Migratory birds prefer shallower waters.Sardar Sarovar Narmada department officials claim that the heavy inflow of water is because of the recent repair work at the gates of the Saurashtra branch canal. However, the forest department officials say that repairs take place on regular basis and Narmada water keeps flowing into the lake.For the past three years, forest officials were unable to find the reason for the high levels of water in the lake. This year, the mystery was resolved as the officials finally tracked down the source of water to the Saurashtra branch canal in December when repairs were taking place. \"Though none of the branches of Narmada canal reaches here, water released in Bhogavo river overflows into small rivulets which open up in Nalsarovar,\" said a senior official of the forest department.Deputy conservator of forest P A Patel said that he had written letters to the collectorate, irrigation and the SSNL authorities to stop excess water from flowing into the Nalsarovar. \"We have suggested small make-shift ponds to be dug in villages on the periphery to store excess Narmada water,\" said Patel.The official said that the water is released regularly from Narmada and other smaller dams into Bhogavo River for irrigation purposes. However, the excess water flows into Nalsarovar, driving away the migratory birds.The water level in February has been recorded to cross 4.5 feet. \"A fixed amount of water as per the needs of the farmers, but some of them do not regularly use their quota leaving excess water to flow into Nalsarovar through several rivulets. The lake gets filled with water that drains from Ahmedabad and adjoining Surendranagar district during the monsoons,\" said a senior official.Surendranagar collector Pradeep Shah said, \"We have received a letter from the forest department and I have asked the irrigation department and the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam officials to find out the sources of water flowing into Nalsarovar and stop it immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945121", "title": "Casino Carnival operators booked for playing loud music", "text": "PANAJI: Police registered a case against Casino Carnival operators for playing music beyond the permissible decibel level on Thursday evening. The \"loud\" music being played at the casino disturbed the election meeting called by the North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan along with the police and other authorities.An inspection by officials of the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) confirmed that the average noise levels had reached up to 70 decibels. The peak levels are higher than the permissible sound level of 55 decibels.\"We registered a case against the casino operator and seized their music instruments and submitted them to court for necessary action,\" said police.The police were asked to take action against the operator by Vardhan. \"We were at a meeting at the collectorate and were disturbed by the loud music. At first we thought that the river cruise operators were playing it, but on checking it was found that Casino Carnival was having a celebration,\" added a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945866", "title": "Their heartburns, our headaches", "text": "Conflict has a way of appearing in unexpected places, often far removed from where it should be happening. India's experience, post Independence, has been different. Conflicts in other lands have seldom spilled blood on our soil. That is, until Monday's bomb attack on the wife of an Israeli diplomat.The attack brought the bloody mess of the Middle East closer home, sucking New Delhi further into the stand-off between Israel and Iran. It is an unfortunate position for India,which cannot sacrifice its energy dependence on Iran for the strategic and military support of Israel.The only other instance of a foreign conflict striking deep inside India has been the Tamil rebellion in Sri Lanka . But that had a lot to do with close ethnic links and New Delhi's direct intervention in the conflict.Global conflicts haven't really reverberated in India. In the early 1990s, ousted Afghan president Najibullah's family fled to Delhi. A few years later,the Taliban hanged him in public. His family continues to live an almost anonymous existence in a government bungalow in the capital. The Afghan crisis is also visible in the numerous other families, many of them refugees, who have migrated out of the strife-torn country to India, mostly to Delhi.When the Maoist insurgency was raging in Nepal, India was a safe haven for the Red leadership. The leaders who led the underground armed movement in Nepal were quiet guests in Delhi and elsewhere. For Myanmar's anti-military activists, too, India has always been a refuge. The Burmese rebels had high-profile supporters in the heart of Delhi,including former defence minister George Fernandes.But those battles never really reached Indian shores. India was at best an R&R; (rest and recreation) station. The February 13 attack is a chilling reminder that there is no room now for complacency.India's long and porous borders, the large number of illegal immigrants who move in and out of the country, its status as the regional economic powerhouse and the presence of several 'attractive targets' make India a potential theatre for attentiongrabbing acts of subversion.Adding to the danger is our gigantic failures in urban policing. Last week's attack took place just a kilometre away from the Prime Minister's residence. But there were no official CCTV images available to aid the probe. Investigators are also battling the chronic lack of centralized databases and sophisticated forensic labs. Given such shortcomings, and the global attention readily available from India, it shouldn't be surprising if more foreign conflicts wash up on our shores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945295", "title": "\u2018Youths are increasily becoming prone to heart", "text": "JAIPUR: Expressing concern over the increasing deaths among youths due to heart diseases, cardiologists urged the physicians to refer such patients immediately to them, in ISCON 2012, organized by the Indian Society of Electrocardiology on Saturday.Dr Narayanan Namboodiri, while delivering a lecture on 'Why should young die suddenly,' said since heart ailments are lifestyle borne, the youths are also becoming prone to them. He highlighted causes of sudden death in young people. He also pointed out various cardiac myopathies and channel disorders. He said people born prematurely are vulnerable to heart diseases which could lead to death in the young.\"In 90% of the cases, the physicians can save lives of heart patients by referring them to the cardiologist in time,\" Dr Amit Vohra said.Meanwhile, a cardiac device with remote monitoring system was launched at the conference. This system would enable the patient to transmit his heart data using a standard phone line from home, work or while on vacation, which greatly reduces the need for time-consuming travel to the hospital for check-ups.The critical data, sent through the system, will help the physicians know of any alarming situation and the state of the implanted device, like battery voltage, well in advance.\"In Indian condition the device is very useful. By the use of this devise, as much as 80% of patient's time and a lot of money can be saved. In other countries, the device has become all the rage. The system is based on GPS.This devise is being launched for heart patients who are living with pacemakers,\" Dr Mauro Biffi of Institute of Cardiology, University of Bologna, Italy, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11944306", "title": "Indore corporator's son among 15 who allegedly raped 2 teens", "text": "INDORE: In a shocking incident, two teenaged schoolgirls were allegedly raped by at least 15 men in broad daylight in a deserted farm at Betna, near Indore. One of the accused is the son of a corporator in the local municipal council.The incident took place on February 10, but the girls revealed it to their parents only on Saturday, following which the families approached the police.A secret meeting that one of the girls had fixed up with one Javed sparked the ordeal that is bound to haunt them their entire life. Javed reportedly persuaded the girl to meet him, threatening to consume poison in front of her house if she failed to do so. Panicking, the girl decided to meet him at an isolated place, but took her cousin along. Javed and the girl then decided to go elsewhere for a chat, and as they were leaving, a gang of ten men intercepted them. According to police inspector D S Baghel, the men dragged the hapless girls to a deserted field nearby where they took turns to rape the two. And Javed, who has since been arrested, too joined in the act.The ordeal of the girls, who come from very poor families and are students of a local government school, didn't end there. Some men working in neighbouring fields landed up at the farm on hearing the commotion. And instead of rescuing the duo, they too allegedly raped them. Baghel said they were still to ascertain if more than 15 men were involved in the brutal incident.According to the girls, some of the men also took pictures of the act on their mobiles and warned them not to the reveal anything. For a week, the traumatized victims remained mum, but on Saturday morning, they gathered enough courage to tell their parents about the shocker.Betma SSP A Sai Manohar confirmed to TOI that one of the accused was the son of a local municipal counsellor, but asserted that \"no matter how influential, we will see to it that they are all tried\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946055", "title": "Lucknow death: Kin doubt suicide", "text": "Scared, Delhi Businessman's Family Says They Don't Expect To Get JusticeNEW DELHI: A day after Ranjit Singh Bhatia (49) - a key police witness in the Ravindra Tyagi encounter case of Ghaziabad - was found dead at a Lucknow hotel in mysterious circumstances, his family insisted that the man, known for his jovial nature, could never have taken the extreme step. However, they said they were concerned about their family's future and won't approach either any rights commission or the courts seeking justice.The businessman - who had a readymade garments showroom at Chandni Chowk and was staying at Rajouri Garden in west Delhi - is said to have ended his life by consuming sleeping pills or by taking an overdose of medicines as he was upset over his interrogation by the CBI in an October 29, 200,9 `\"fake'' encounter at Mohan Nagar in Ghaziabad.Bhatia's Honda City car had been found at the site where Tyagi - a criminal with over 24 cases against him - was allegedly shot dead by the Ghaziabad police.Tyagi's wife, Deepa, had alleged that he was shot at the behest of a UP minister after she had defeated his daughter-in-law in the panchayat elections. She had successfully defeated her in 2010 too. Bhatia was called to Lucknow on February 15 by the CBI for questioning. He was supposed to appear before CBI on February 16 again, but sources said he switched off his cellphone and locked himself up in the hotel room where he allegedly ended his life.A family member, who didn't wish to be identified, said: \"Ranjit had left for Lucknow on Wednesday by Shatabdi. He was questioned by the CBI but he did not show any sign of breaking down. He said he had been called for another round of questioning on Thursday. In our heart, we knew he was being framed. He believed he was innocent and cooperated with the CBI. He went to Lucknow earlier on February 3 and returned the same day. He even spoke to his wife for over an hour till 8.30 am on Thursday and wished her luck, saying he would return soon.\"Twelve hours later, a phone call informed his wife of his death. Since then, Bhatia's wife has been in hospital. \"The Lucknow police did not even show us his four-page suicide note, merely reading out the first para from it. They asked us to take his lifeless body and return home. Do you believe we stand a chance of getting justice in such a scenario? We will be happy if the media leaves us alone as we try to come to terms with our loss,'' said the family member.The family says Bhatia had diabetes and always carried his medicines with him. ``He was keeping fine. Just finding the medicines proves nothing,\" said the source. The suicide note, a portion of which TOI accessed, states: \"Mr Jaiswal (CBI inspector)/SP Sahab, aapne mere upar bahut bada allegation lagaya hai. Hum bahut seedhe saadhe log hain, koi criminal nahin hai or na hi main Ravindra Tyagi ko car dene gaya. Ravindra mere ghar se car le gaya tha...Aaap jis Vijendra Pal ke baate maan rahe hain, woh jhooth bol raha hai. Main usse na hi Rabindra ke (marne ke) pehle, na hi baad mein mila hun. (You are making a major allegation against me. We are simple folks and not criminals. I had not given the car to Ravindra, he had come and taken it away from me. The man Vijendra Pal whose testimony you are relying on is lying. I have never met him.)The second part of the note is a plea to the CBI officers.\"Agar aap log mein ab bhi thodi si insaaniyat baaki hai to meri patni aur bachchon ko mat pareshaan keejiyega. Woh log bahut seedhe saadhe hain. SP Sahab ise mera aakhri statement samajhiyega, main nirdosh hoon. Ravindra ne khud mere ghar par aakar chabhi li thi. Main ab bhagwaan ke ghar jaane ki koshish kar raha hoon.\" (If you still have some humanity left, please do not bother my innocent wife and children. This is my final statement. Now I am trying to reach the abode of god.)The Lucknow police said a handwriting expert will examine the suicide note to establish if it's authentic or not. The second page is addressed to his wife and the third probably to his youngest son.Ranjit had left for Lucknow on Wednesday. He was questioned by the CBI but he did not show any sign of breaking down, says a relative. He was called for another round on Thursday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11946013", "title": "City poet Kusumagraj's 100th birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "NASHIK: HPT College of Arts and RYK College of Science organized a cultural programme, 'Smaranrang', to commemorate the Jnanpith award winner Marathi poet and Nashik playwright Kavi Kusumagraj (Vishnu Waman Shirwadkar) on the occasion of his 100th birth anniversary.Renowned Marathi actor and poet, Kishor Kadam aka Saumitra, was the chief guest at the programme that took place in the afternoon on Saturday on the premises of the college.The programme began with a flash mob wherein students recited a poem by Kusumagraj, 'Zameen aani Agagadi.' The welcome speech by principal V N Suryawanshi threw light on the programme, the poet and the dignitaries on the dais, the purpose of organizing the programme and the students' participation. Students who organized and enacted a play by Kusumagraj were felicitated.Saumitra recited some poems and also shared some memories and experiences from his personal and professional life. Shirwadkar's one-act play, 'Natak Basata Aahe', directed by a student of mass communication and journalism , Kapil Deshpande, and enacted by the students, was applauded by all. Another play, Kaikeyi, was enacted on the occasion by Chitra Rajguru and Rohit Kulkarni, who played Kaikeyi and Bharat respectively. The play was directed by Nitin Kokane and Kapil Deshpande.Also present on the dais was the secretary of Gokhale Education Society Dr MS Gosavi, zonal secretary B Devrajah, principal VN Suryawanshi, poet Kishore Pathak, actor Deepak Karanjikar, professor Vrunda Bhargave, and others.Many city based artists were felicitated at the beginning of the programme that was attended in large numbers by students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945222", "title": "Now, hard hat a must for men in khaki, too", "text": "CHENNAI: The men and women tasked with ensuring that all two-wheeler riders in the city wear helmets can no longer get way with committing that offence themselves.Chennai commissioner J K Tripathy and inspector general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu have issued separate circulars instructing all police personnel in the city not to ride a two-wheeler without wearing a helmet. Separately, specialized units - District Anti-Vice Squad (DAVS) - have been formed to tackle crimes and routine incidents in the city.A pamphlet instructing all police personnel to follow the road safety rules strictly has been stuck on the notice board at the city police commissionerate.Sylendra Babu said, \"We have six districts in the north zone and the circular has been sent to all district superintendents of police. It will be pasted on notice boards at all the district headquarters.\"With regard to tackling crime, a DAVS team comprising an inspector, a sub-inspector, a special sub-inspector and four other personnel has been assigned to the 12 police districts - Washermenpet, Flower Bazaar, Madhavaram, Anna Nagar, Pulianthope, Ambattur, Kilpauk, St Thomas Mount, T Nagar, Adyar, Mylapore and Triplicane.The teams will patrol, in their special vehicle, the area under their jurisdiction all through the day lokking for eve-teasers, people drinking liquor on the street, street brothels, lottery sellers, abandoned people, etc. They have been given a free hand to apprehend anyone creating problems on roads and hand them over to the local police station.These special teams will report to the deputy commissioner of police concerned. \"If these teams detect offences like gambling, lottery sales and other illegal activities in an area before local police personnel, we issuing memo to the latter,\" a police officer said.The concept of DAVS teams is the brainchild of commissioner Tripathy. \"This is a part of community policing. As the personnel in the police stations are busy with the routine stuff, the special teams can handle the happenings on the street,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943645", "title": "New law proposes early seizure of corrupt babus' ill-gotten wealth", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to thwart the attempts of corrupt officials who often use lengthy court cases to their advantage, the state government has come up with a draft bill that empowers the officials of Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) to confiscate their assets without permission from the government and courts. Besides, such officials will lose their ill-gotten property right on the day the corruption case is made out against them by the police.The proposed law has been named 'Rajasthan Anti-Corruption (Seizure and Confiscation of Disproportionate Assets) Bill, 2012'. It has been prepared by the office of advocate general and forwarded to the home department and ACB for suggestions.As per the provisions in the draft, the state government will not have to wait for the disposal of case in the court in order to seize the disproportionate assets. The Act empowers the investigation officer to confiscate the property, movable or immoveable, alleged or suspected to have been involved in the offence and to impound any document connected with or relating to the offence.As per current practice, confiscation of disproportionate assets of public servants is a tedious task for the anti-corruption officials. As per the criminal law (amendment) 1944, a written permission from the state government is required which is then placed before the trial court. The accused public servant, however, will continue to enjoy the ill-gotten assets till the disposal of the case.Legal experts believe that the trial against the public servants in graft cases take longer duration, sometimes over 10 years, due to many formalities. By the time the case gets disposed, they manage to conceal the property.\"Our law reform committee has drafted a legislation which we have send it to the ACB on Friday. The provision in the draft will prevent the corrupt public servants form enjoying the fruits of their properties amassed through ill means,\" said GS Bapna, advocate general.The property seized will be placed in the custody of an officer appointed as custodian by the state government. The Act authorizes the government to appoint the district magistrate or any other officer not below the rank of a sub divisional magistrate for the management of the immoveable properties seized, till the final disposal of the case. The seized property will have to be used in public interest or in the manner as may be prescribed.Sources said chief minister Ashok Gehlot has a keen interest in it. However, the draft has to go through ACB, home and law department before it is presented to cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11946036", "title": "New footage in focus after diplomat's claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI reported how Tal Yehoshua-Koren, the Israeli diplomat who was injured in an attack on an embassy car on Monday, gave testimony to Delhi Police that a man in black on a black bike had stuck a bomb on her car, the cops have started scanning new footages from the New Delhi area. \"We have got footages of certain bikes from the Khan Market area but they do not seem to exactly match the timings so far,\" said an investigator.He added that the police's key witness - Gopal from east Delhi - insisted that he had seen a red bike. \"Given the number of two-wheelers on Delhi's streets, we are taking both inputs seriously. However, we are more concerned about the 40-second delay between the biker sticking the bomb and then getting away. This can be crucial for the investigations,\" said another officer, adding that the make and form of the bomb would be a determining factor for future investigations.The police have confirmed that the metallic strips recovered from the blast spot have hinted that the bomb was fixed on a strip that was about the 5 inches X 8 inches in size. \"We do not know whether the entire portion had a magnetic strip attached to it. However, we have established that these magnetic strips are used in flour mills and cement manufacturing units in various dimensions to locate impurity. These strips are manufactured extensively at Daryaganj and Seelampur and we are visiting these manufacturing units for clues,\" said an officer. Cops said such strips are available for as low as Rs 150 and unlike the chemical market, there are no written record of transactions.Yehoshua, the wife of the Israeli defence ministry's attache, gave the testimony on Friday in the hospital before leaving for Israel . She told the police that the bomb had exploded a full 30 to 40 seconds after it was attached to her car. \"I saw a biker close to my car when I was going to the American Embassy School. There was a push to the car from behind and I saw the biker. I thought the biker had touched the car. I even lowered the windowpanes to say something to him but he escaped by then,\" Yehoshua reportedly told the police.According to the Israeli media, Mossad has assessed that logistical support was provided to the \"foreign attacker\" by \"local contacts\", said a senior official on the condition of anonymity. The bomber is believed to be an Iranian, with the plot chalked out some six months ago after the contacts were secured. Investigators are now focusing on identifying these local contacts.Intelligence and security agencies are looking into the possibility that the bomber may have been a Shia extremist from Lebanon , a Palestinian or a Jordanian, and are scrutinizing records from the Bureau of Immigration and the Foreigners Registration Office.The station house officers of New Delhi and South districts have been asked to meet the attendants of parking lots to tell them about the significance of sticky bombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "farukkhabad (up)", "code": "11952971", "title": "Stones pelted at Salman Khurshid's wife Louise Khurshid", "text": "FARUKKHABAD (UP): Some youths today allegedly pelted stones at Louis Khurshid, Congress nominee and wife of Union law minister Salman Khurshid , following a dispute over entry of voters at a polling booth.The incident occurred around 5pm after some local residents were turned away by the presiding officer at booth number 190 and 191 at Bibipur saying the time for voting was over, police said. The Congress nominee reached the spot and raised objections with the presiding officer after which waiting voters were allowed inside the polling station.Meanwhile, some youths present there got agitated and shouted slogans. They later climbed the roof of house to pelt stones at Khurshid.Security personnel then chased away the trouble makers. No one was injured in stone pelting, they said. Khurshid later alleged that she was attacked at the behest of BJP and said she would lodge an FIR in this connection.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945949", "title": "Two held for smuggling 150 kg of banned drugs", "text": "Haul Pegged At 1Cr, Used For Rave Parties In NCRNEW DELHI: Two men were arrested from Palam Village in the wee hours of Saturday for possessing 150 kg of controlled substances, namely Ephedrine and 18,000 strips (each strip containing 10 tablets) of Pseudoephedrine, which are used to manufacture substances banned under the NDPS Act.The special cell claims this is a major breakthrough as it was trying since May last year to bust a drug ring operated by breakaway factions of a Manipuri insurgent group. The accused have been identified as Deepak Rastogi alias Deepak (29) and Gurbachan Singh alias Bobby (36).These substances are used to prepare party drugs like 'Ecstasy' and 'Ice', which fall under the amphetamine class of drugs. And in this case, the consignment was being smuggled to Myanmar and China via Manipur. The total haul has been pegged at over Rs 1 crore, police said.\"Deepak Rastogi revealed that he and his associate, Bobby, were running the illegal business with other Manipuri associates. Rastogi procured the psychotropic drugs and Actifin tablets from their associates in Meerut and Delhi,'' said additional DCP Bhism Singh. Proceeds from the sales are used by insurgent outfits to fund their activities, sources added.\"It is the most blatant form of narco-terrorism,'' said a special cell officer. Special cell sources further said that a part of the consignment was used to produce drugs to be supplied to different places in NCR for use in rave parties on Valentine's Day. \"The drugs were pilferaged from pharmaceutical companies in north and west India. We will be investigating this further,'' added an officer.During the months of April and June last year, a team led by inspector Sanjay Dutt had seized a consignment of psychotropic substances, including Ephedrine and Cathine, which was being illegally smuggled to Myanmar and China via Manipur. During investigation, it was revealed that there was a syndicate involved in illegal trafficking of controlled substances in Myanmar and China from Manipur.\"We got to know the accused, Deepak, would come to the Outer Ring Road near Malai Mandi to hand over a consignment to his associate Bobby,'' said DCP (special cell) Arun Kampani.A tip-off was received on February 17 and a trap was laid by the police. A raid was conducted at Indra Market, outer Ring Road near Malai Mandir and the accused were arrested. A total of 150 kg of psychotropic substances were recovered.The substances were being smuggled to Myanmar and China via Manipur. These are used to prepare drugs like 'Ecstasy' &amp; 'Ice'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11945675", "title": "UP assembly elections: Where feudalism still holds sway", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fourth phase of assembly elections on Sunday covers constituencies known for loyalty to individuals, not parties. Caste, faith, money and mafia are as usual a part of the politics but all the factors revolve around \"feudalism\" . As many as 967 candidates, including four ministers, 32 sitting MLAs and 12 former ministers are in the fray. The prestige of several stalwarts working behind the scenes is also at stake. The phase covers 56 constituencies in 11 districts.In the 2009 LS elections, BSP was routed. Congress won six, SP four and BJP one. If the 2009 results are analysed on the basis of assembly segments, SP was ahead in 27, Congress in 20, BSP in five and BJP in four. Muslims influence eight seats. The dalit population is between 15% and 40%, OBCs 10-25 %, Brahmins 8-12 % and Thakurs 5-10 %. Lucknow has been loyal to Atal Bihari Vajpayee since 1991 but this time the giant is not in the picture. Rae Bareli has been faithful to the Nehru-Gandhi family. Though no member of the family is in the fray, Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka are working overtime to repeat the 2009 performance. Hardoi is the stronghold of party-hopper Naresh Agarwal, a former MP and six-time MLA, who rejoined SP just days before the polls were announced. He has fielded son Nitin from Hardoi Sadar on an SP ticket.Salman Khurshid holds sway in Muslimdominated Farrukhabad. His wife Louise is in the fray from Farrukhabad Sadar. Kannauj is an SP bastion, represented in Parliament by Akhilesh Yadav. Barring Lucknow, the region is backward despite the fact that it gave India three PMs - Rajiv Gandhi, VP Singh and Vajpayee . Pundits blame feudalism and the menace of dacoits as the main reasons behind the backwardness. Barring Lucknow, feudalism exists in one form or the other in all the districts.The feudal structure gave rise to dacoits, particularly in Bundelkhand. Two such dacoits , Dadua and Thokia, were killed by the police during Mayawati's rule. But SP has given a ticket to Dadua's son Veer Singh from Chitrakoot . Dadua's brother Bal Kumar is SP MP from Mirzapur. The BSP, party of oppressed classes, also fell victim to feudalism and gave tickets to upper castes. Barring Bundelkhand, the region is rich in agriculture but people are poor because of lack of an agricultural supply chain and agro-based industries.The Congress and the BSP are eyeing Bundelkhand , hit by farmer suicides, by announcing development packages.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944741", "title": "Newly-elected women corporators in PMC not in favour of gender budget", "text": "PUNE: For the first time, in the history of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), woman corporators will outnumber men, as the PMC house will have 78 women and 74 male corporators. The state government's decision to hike reservation for women, from 33% to 50%, in all local self-government bodies has changed the political picture in the PMC. The total 152 seats in PMC electoral panels were divided into 76 male and female candidates each. However, two female candidates, Rohini Chimte and Reshma Bhosale, of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) contested and won from general, unreserved seat, taking the woman corporators' tally up to 78.The 50% reservation had led to much concern over whether the quota will amount to mere tokenism and enhance nepotism. Outgoing general body has 49 woman corporators among the 144 elected members. About 35-40 women corporators come from a political background, where their husband or other male members in the family are active in politics. As politicians in the city discovered the potential of women in their families to contest the civic elections 2012, several woman party workers who hoped for a ticket were left in the lurch. A majority have stood in place of their husbands, who were left out of the election fray after the seats were reserved for women, while others were associated with political families in one way or the other.However, seasoned corporators such as Kamal Vyavahare, former mayor and president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) women's wing says presence of more women in PMC will change the picture. \"Women representation will help to raise the issues concerned with women. Earlier, men dominated the debate and issues discussed were of their interest. This will change now,\" she said. Taking a cue from the central and state governments, the PMC introduced a gender budget component in the draft budget for 2009-10 for which allocations of Rs 21.96 crore were made. While Rs 1 crore was allocated for women empowerment scheme, Rs 2 crore was allotted for construction of 250 public urinals for women. However, since 2009, the gender budget that is presented in the annual budget has remained on paper. Newly-elected women corporators, after reacting to the victory, insisted that instead of having separate gender budget, the PMC should focus on women and child welfare in the main budget itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11946053", "title": "Mulayam visits Nadwa on the eve of election", "text": "LUCKNOW: The battle to capture the Lucknow assembly seats is headed for a photo-finish with a keen triangular contest playing out between BJP, SP, and Congress in most constituencies and BSP desperately trying to convert it into a four-cornered fight. Lucknow has five urban constituencies and four rural.There was a feeling of uncertainty in the BJP camp on Saturday. \"Bhai kuch nahi kah sakte (We are not sure ourselves),\" said a BJP leader when asked about the prospects of BJP candidates in the city, which has since 1991 been a saffron bastion. While poll managers were busy finalizing the drill for Sunday and revising lists of polling agents and booth workers to be deployed across their respective constituencies, the candidates made it a point to call and request their acquaintance and contacts in every mohalla and street to come out and vote. RSS volunteers have been roped in to ensure 100% turnout of BJP voters on Sunday.There was the same sense of trepidation in the SP headquarters. Leading from the front, SP chief Mualayam Singh Yadav paid a visit to Islamic Seminary Nadwatul Ulema and met its rector, Maulana Rabey Hasani Nadvi, who is also the president of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB). Though SP leaders termed it a courtesy call, sources said Mulayam wanted to ensure that Muslim votes do not split in Lucknow and other districts. AIMPLB has already expressed its displeasure against the Congress for not implementing the Sachar Committee report. Mulayam's brother Shivpal Yadav went to pray at Dada Miyan Ki Mazar.UP Congress chief Rita Bahugana Joshi, contesting from Lucknow Cantonment, also left no stone unturned. In the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, Joshi came second in Lucknow. In fact, she polled over 6,000 votes more than BJP candidate Lalji Tandon in the Lucknow Cantt assembly segment. Tandon was then sitting MLA from the Lucknow West. The seat vacated by him after winning the Lok Sabha election was later won by Congress's Shyam Kishore Shukla in the by-polls. Shukla is in the fray again. Dr NeeraJ Bora from Lucknow North also met Muslim clerics. Congress claimed that Rahul Gandhi's roadshow has created a wave in favour of the party in Lucknow.BJP has fielded its national vice-president Kalraj Mishra from Lucknow East. It is the first direct election for Mishra. BJP chose the safe constituency for Mishra because in 2009 Lok Sabha polls, the party got the maximum votes from this constituency. Vidya Sagar Gupta, who won from Lucknow East in 2007 elections with a margin of just 631 votes, has been shifted to Lucknow Central. And Suresh Srivastava, who won from Lucknow Central by a margin of 3,910 votes, is a candidate from Lucknow West, which was Lalji Tandon's constituency. Tandon's son Gopal is contesting from Lucknow North.While urban constituencies were swept by the BJP in 2007, the rural constituencies were bagged by SP, BSP and independent candidates. BSP had won two rural seats, SP one and independent one. But this time, BSP has replaced its two-time winner from Sarojininagar, Mohammed Irshad, with Shankari Singh. SP and Congress are giving him a good fight. In Monhanlalganj reserved constituency, threetime MLA RK Chaudhary is leading again. He was a close aide of BSP founder Kanshiram but left after Mayawati took over and floated his own party.The newly carved Bakshi Ka Talab constituency is witnessing a contest between SP's Gomti Yadav and BSP candidate Nakul Dubey, who was also a minister in the Mayawati government. Congress's Sunita Singh is also in the fight. In Malihabad reserved constituency, the fight is between sitting BSP MLA Siddhartha Shankar and Rashtriya Communist Party's Kaushal Kishore.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11946454", "title": "Health insurance scheme to aid 5.6 lakh in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: As many as 5.6 lakh families in Madurai district are set to benefit from the chief minister's comprehensive health insurance scheme which was rolled out in the district on Saturday.District collector, U Sagayam announced that out of 1.34 crore families benefitting from the scheme in the state, 5.6 lakh families in the district would be eligible to enjoy the health benefits. The scheme is applicable for those families with annual income less than Rs 72,000 and is aimed to provide quality medical care for speciality services requiring hospitalisation. Under the scheme, a family is entitled for coverage of up to Rs 1 lakh, with the provision to pay Rs 1.5 lakh per year, per family for certain specified procedures, he said. It would cover treatment for 1,016 diseases as against 646 in the earlier plan, with the addition of 113 follow-up procedures and 23 diagnostic procedures included in the scheme.Cooperative minister Sellur K Raju, in his address said that his department would consider starting hospitals run by cooperative societies in the state. \"At present, the cooperative department is looking at opening 100 dispensaries. Out of the eight allotted to Madurai, people can procure medicine at cheaper prices, he said. Four beneficiaries were given health insurance cards during the function. Old age pensions to 100 beneficiaries and free land titles were given to 41 persons at that time. Two government hospitals and 30 private hospitals in the district have been included for the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11947919", "title": "An inauguration ceremony of fine arts in Kolkata", "text": "Zee Bangla specially created an interactive zone which was filled with eminent personalities at Bratyojan Natyotsav being held at Academy of Fine Arts from February 16 to February 19, 2012.The inauguration ceremony, which was held on February 16, saw producer- director Mahesh Bhatt, state education minister Bratya Basu and National School of Drama chairperson Amal Allana, getting into a lively conversation at the channel's chat zone.It was an enlightening discussion on theatre, its golden age, its revival and the way forward. The channel was a partner of Bratyojan Natyotsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945513", "title": "Farmers meet CM, ask for adequate water", "text": "JAIPUR: Stressing on the need for regular water supply for irrigation, the farmers during a pre-budget meeting, which was presided over by chief minister Ashok Gehlot, demanded that the government ensures adequate water supply. The farmers demanded that the state's primary focus should be on developing watershed net and quality control checks for the equipment required for drip irrigation.Farmers from 30 districts of the state participated in the pre-budget meet, during which they also requested the chief minister to ensure timely availability of seeds and fertilizers and announcement of the minimum support price (MSP). This apart, the farmers also demanded that adequate power supply for irrigation and repeated their long-pending demand of including hail-storms in the list of natural calamities, enabling the farmers to receive compensation over the loss for their crop due to extreme cold conditions and hail-storms, among other things.Gehlot emphasised on the need to cultivate crops which do not require much water. ``Rajasthan is a desert state, which faces severe water crisis. While the government is doing what it can, the farmers should avoid cultivation of crops like rice,'' said Gehlot.The chief minister said that the government has received huge response for the solar pump scheme. \"A policy has been prepared to use solar pump in agriculture and steps have been taken to set up 1600 solar pumps in 16 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11945548", "title": "Engg students\u2019 stir in Ajmer intensifies", "text": "AJMER: The agitation of Government Engineering College students over the incident of a student committing suicide after being declared fail in his IV semester exams, turned more intense on its third day on Saturday. Agitating students took out rallies with effigies of computer science HOD and principal of the college through the main streets of the city and later burnt them at the Collectorate gate.His heart-broken father, Utranchal Kumar, said, \"It would have been better if he had never opted for engineering,\" who came from Bihar for the last rites of his son. Sujeet Kumar, 21, a final year student of computer sciences, had committed suicide on Thursday. Other students alleged the attitude of college administration and Prakriti Trivedi, HOD, Computer Sciences, and MM Sharma, college principal, in particular forced him to do so.Later, agitating students, boycotting classes for the third consecutive day, sat on a dharna in front of the collector's office and demanded dismissal of Trivedi and suspension the college principal. The students also accused the faculty members of exploiting students. \"One of the faculty members, Deepak Gupta, whose wife is an insurance agent, pressurizes students to buy her policies, he threatens to fail us if we did not buy the policies, alleged Swastik Sharma (name changed on request) a 2nd year IT student.Students also said faculty members were threatening them to withdraw the agitation. Saurab Gupta (name changed), a final year student, claimed that Deepika Sharma, a faculty member, was calling him from her cell no. 9829110342 and threatening him to keep away from the agitation or else she would not let him complete his B.E. Deepika Sharma refuted the allegations saying, \"I would resign if allegations are proved true\".The agitating students said they wanted justice for Sujeet Kumar and will continue their agitation till their demands were fulfilled. \"Sujeet was my friend and a soft-spoken and cooperative boy, he has lost his life because of them,\" Ankit, a student, said.Principal MM Sharma, who arrived at Collectorate, to pacify the agitating students said, \"We have ordered an inquiry into the incident. The main problem lies with the functioning of Rajasthan Technical University, we have corresponded with them many times but nothing has improved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944823", "title": "Only 3 in a city of 10L object to power rate hike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The response from people to proposed 50% hike in power tariff has made it an imminent change, which sure is going to burn a hole in city residents' pocket. From a population of over 10 lakh people, only three objections have been received, of which, two urge UT for a lower hike.The department had invited objections from residents to the proposal to hike the power tariff by over 50% next financial year after the Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC) for the state of Goa and Union Territories accepted UT administration's petition on January 24.One of the objections asks the department to increase the power slab from 0-150kWh to 0-500kWh while the other two ask a lesser or no hike in power tariff.UT's superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"We are in the process of sending an appropriate reply to the objections we have received by Friday from city residents. An increase in the power slab, as one of the objections demand, is not possible as it would run us into losses. The situation here is better as in other states the slab is between 0-50kWh or 0-100kWh.\"Singh said there is no fixed number of objections that would deter them from implementing hike. \"But, even one logical objection may raise a point that can't be ignored and have an impact on hike,\" he added. The public hearing on the issue is scheduled on March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945687", "title": "\u2018Muslim voters disenchanted with Cong-NCP\u2019", "text": "The Urdu press blamed the Congress-NCP's arrogance for the combine's debacle at the municipal polls. Urdu dailies also said Muslim voters' disenchantment with the Congress-NCP also titled the balance towards Sena-BJP .In an editorial titled Mumbai par bhagwa mahaz ka qabza barkarar (Saffron combine continues its hold over Mumbai), Urdu Times attacked CM Prithviraj Chavan's \"overconfidence\" that they would trump Sena-BJP . It pointed to the infighting between Congress and NCP leaders as one of the reasons for the combine's bad show.Lack of enthusiasm among Muslim voters too affected the performance of Congress-NCP . Sarfraz Arzoo, editor of Hindustan Daily, said, \"The fact that some Muslims voted for MNS and candidates of Arun Gawli shows the kind of disenchantment the community has with the Congress. It harmed the secular combine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11944911", "title": "The heat is on, but it\u2019s not summer yet", "text": "BANGALORE: It has been more than a week now that Bangloreans are braving the rising mercury levels and finding out ways to shun the sun. The temperature has been soaring and according to the met dept there will be no respite from the heat in the coming days.Going by met department predictions, the temperature is likely to rise further.\"The temperature will continue to increase but will not exceed 36-37 degrees Celsius. The heat can be attributed to the clear skies and lack of rainfall - a feature regular to this time of the year. The maximum temperature hovers around 32-35 degrees Celsius in February or March. This has been the trend over the past 10 years. Currently, at 33 degrees Celsius, weather in Bangalore is much cooler than North Karnataka,\" said B Puttanna, director in-charge, met department, Bangalore.According to the past 10 years' weather readings, the highest pre-summer temperature that the city saw was in February 2005 (35.9 degrees Celsius).\"The mercury has gone up to 33 degrees Celsius and we have a long way to go before the monsoon arrives. But despite high temperature, summer is yet to set in, officially only from the first week of March,\" said Puttanna. Experts are attributing the scorching heat to the prolonged absence of rain in November-December, 2011.\"The north-east monsoon was very weak last year and the same has led to the rise in temperature. The weather that the city is already experiencing used to be the characteristic feature of the month of April,\" said M B Rajegowda, agro meteorologist.Rajegowda added that despite the soaring temperature, no rain is expected in February.\"We will get some precipitation only by the third week of March. After that, despite the onset of summer, there will be no continuous rise in temperature. Even now, it is highly unlikely that the maximum temperature will cross 36 degrees Celsius,\" said Rajegowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11946423", "title": "Trichy gets cyber crime cell at police commissioner's office", "text": "TRICHY: To bring down cyber crimes in Trichy, the city police commissioner, Shailesh Kumar Yadav, inaugurated a cyber crime cell at the commissioner's office on Friday.Following the inauguration, the cyber crime cell received three complaints so far. The complaints included online lottery, pornographic messages through SMS to a woman and a life threatening message to another.The cell will function at the ground floor at the office of the commissioner of police. A team of policemen comprising an inspector, a sub-inspector and four from other ranks will initially look after complaints. Further, the number will go up according to the increase in rate of crime. At present, an SI will take care of things until an inspector is appointed.Cyber crime cells were already set up in Chennai and Coimbatore and have been functional so far. Later, Madurai and Tirunelveli will get cyber crime cells. The government has sanctioned Rs 16.5 lakh to set up a cyber lab in Trichy.As of now, the Trichy police have come across a number of cyber crime cases that mainly include harassment of women through SMS, ATM fraud, online-lottery and online-multi level marketing (MLM) scams.Prior to setting up the cell in Trichy, such cases were being dealt with by the respective police stations. As dealing with cyber crime cases needed a long time and expertise, policemen were struggling with breakthroughs.\"There was a government order to set up a cyber crime cell in Trichy already. But it was not implemented. So, I took the initiative and inaugurated the cell in the city,\" said Yadav.\"As there was no inspector available, a team headed by an SI will take care of things. An inspector will be appointed very soon. Meanwhile, cyber crime officers will be trained in the Tamil Nadu Police Academy to deal with cyber crime cases. The trained officers will be helpful in giving clues to the investigation officers to crack cases, he added.\"Though the cyber crime cell comes under the city police jurisdiction, it will entertain complaints from across the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11943467", "title": "Control room cops get their due", "text": "BANGALORE: They are the unsung heroes of the police department, who work quietly behind the scenes and get no laurels for their good work - the control room cops. For the first time, city police recognized their services and honoured a lady constable and two constables of this department.They were instrumental in solving a kidnap case and retrieving a lost purse with valuables, quickly alerting local police to act on distress calls they received on the wires.On the morning of December 17 last year, woman constable SR Rashmi was in the master control room when Lohith called up the emergency line and alerted police about the abduction of his friend, Vinay. He told the lady constable that the abductors had demanded that the ransom be delivered near Leela Palace Hotel. Rashmi alerted local police through wireless, and on hearing this, Indiranagar police got into action and nabbed the abductors quickly.In another incident on February 10, Vasanthibai, 65, alerted South division control room that she had left a purse containing gold jewellery and some cash in an autorickshaw. Two constables on duty in the control room, Vasudevachar and Basavaraju, alerted city police to trace the autorickshaw. Police patrol from Adugodi intercepted the autorickshaw and retrieved Vasanthibai's lost purse intact.Police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji, appreciating the action by control room staff and local police, appealed to citizens to alert police by calling 100. \"It will go a long way in fighting crime in the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948479", "title": "Rajeev Khandelwal spends V-day with a fan", "text": "When Pooja Gupta, a project engineer with a software company, received an intimation call from Mumbai Mirror to meet her favourite actor, Rajeev Khandelwal , she couldn't believe her ears.Dismissing it as yet another prank her friends had been playing on her since her college days, she preferred not making a fool of her self this time around. In fact, she didn't confirm the meeting until she sneakily made a call from a landline number to check if it was really us.Seeing Rajeev standing in front of her, she exclaimed, \"Oh my god! My dream is coming true,\" beaming from ear to ear. She told Rajeev that her college friends teased her by calling her Kashish Garewal - the character from the TV serial Kahiin to Hoga (2003) - who was in love with Sujal Garewal, played by Rajeev. They also insisted on wishing her 'Happy Birthday' every year on October 16, which is Rajeev's birthday, to which he said laughing, \"Its not a dream coming true, it's the bubble going bust.\" Having given hits on both TV and films, Pooja asked him if he was enjoying his career. He replied, \"My journey has been beautiful. I am not embarrassed about anything I have done, so that's a good thing. If you do anything with conviction without getting influenced by the external world, there is no way that anyone can stop you. If you want to achieve something and you are focused and sincere about it, anything is possible.\"He added, \"Nothing is similar to what I have done in the past. There was Aamir and Soundtrack, now there is the upcoming romantic comedy Will You Marry Me? People are coming to me with roles that I hadn't dreamt of. That's a great feeling.\"Pooja liked Rajeev's humility and the fact that he didn't act pricy just because he was an actor. She was surprised to hear that he didn't believe in God. \"I am an agnostic. I won't stop you from praying but I won't thank God for giving me success or complain when things do not work out. My faith is my hard work. It doesn't lie in any idol. When I was struggling, I knew I had to get up in the morning and look for work. I was not hoping and praying to God that work would come find me. I am still struggling and enjoying my struggle,\" he said.The soon-to-be-married Pooja then got to things a tad bit more personal. She curiously asked about his experience as a newly-married man himself (Rajeev married Manjiri Kamtikar just last year). He pondered for a moment and said, \"People say that the first year is the most difficult. But it has passed smoothly for us. We have spent a lot of time together, travelled a lot abroad and within the country. The only way to accept the other person is the way he or she is. If you change the person or expect him or her to change for you, then the whole foundation goes wrong. We get irritated with each other, but never questioned each other - ki tum kahan the, ya thi?\" (Where have you been?) He blushed when she told him that for the longest time, her email password was 'Rajeev Khandelwal'. He plucked a red coloured balloon from the wall, signed it and said, \"This is from me. Mera dil aapke paas ja chukka hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943772", "title": "Hazare says he is fit and ready to resume fight", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Saturday announced that he is now fully fit to resume his anti-corruption crusade and the fight for a strong Lokpal.Hazare returned to his native village Ralegan Siddhi around 8.30 pm on Saturday along with team Anna core committee member Arvind Kejriwal . The Gandhian was taking ayurvedic treatment at Jindal Ayurvedic hospital in Bangalore for persistent cough, backache and swelling on hands, feet and face. He left Ralegan Siddhi on January 29 and first went to Medanta Medicity in Gurgaon for a thorough check-up by noted cardiologist Naresh Trehan, who was supervising his health during his 12-day fast in August last. Hazare was also admitted to Medanta after he broke the fast.\"After the check-up, Anna decided to go to Jindal Ayurvedic hospital for treatment on January 31 and was there till Saturday morning. He called us in the morning today and told us that he was coming back, fit and rejuvenated. He chose Jindal hospital because he wanted to avoid crowds,\" said Datta Awari, Hazare's associate at Ralegan Siddhi.Awari said the villagers noticed a marked improvement in his health and the Gandhian has fully regained his strength. \"I am fully fit and ready to fight now, was his first remark after reaching the village,\" Awari said.He said Hazare has been put on a strict diet comprising various types of juices, millet and barley water. \"His day now starts with exercise at 4.45 am. The doctors have given him a detailed diet chart, listing what food he has to eat, at what intervals, throughout the day. His health has improved and his blood pressure has been normal,\" Awari stated.He said the Gandhian did not say what his future course of action would be or when he would meet the core committee members to further the agitation for a strong Lokpal.Before leaving for Delhi, Hazare had also been admitted to Pune's Sancheti hospital on December 31. The doctors had advised him at least a month's rest and asked him to desist from undertaking fasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945455", "title": "Birla to invest Rs 500cr in state", "text": "PATNA: Though the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' is not about attracting investment, India Inc honcho Kumar Mangalam Birla on Saturday announced the plans of his Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs 500 crore in Bihar in the next six months to set up a cement unit. He was addressing the summit's plenary session on 'Transforming Bihar: Achievements, Opportunities and Challenges'.Queried about it later, he told TOI, Birla said, \"We are expediting our plan and looking for suitable land. It will be finalized very soon.\" He, however, declined to reveal the possible locations.The panellists at the plenary included Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen, emeritus professor at the London School of Economics , Lord Meghnad Desai , and Bihar chief secretary Navin Kumar. The session was moderated by former Union minister and chairman of Institute for Rural Management Yogendra K Alagh. Institute for Human Development (IHD) chairman Alakh Narayan Sharma presented the background paper.Sen said despite encouraging growth rate, National Sample Survey has shown that there has been no decline in poverty in Bihar. However, many good things have happened in the state in the last few years, including return of law and order and fiscal responsibility.\"Bihar, in the next five years, should concentrate on improving these two aspects further; only then more inclusive growth will be possible,\" he said. Sen noted that growth took place mainly due to public sector investment with more central funds coming and, to some extent, due to private investment in construction.Stating that Bihar stands on the cusp of development, Birla complimented CM Nitish Kumar for transforming challenges into opportunities, but expressed his concern over the low CD ratio of only 32.2% in the state. Against deposits of Rs 99,000 crore, the credit stood at Rs 22,000 crore. Banks need to lend more.He also said that government must encourage private investment in education and infrastructure, and praised the state's new industrial promotion policy. He also called for speedy approval of projects.Lord Desai said, \"Bihar is a success story after remaining a failed state for a long time, and its image outside the state has improved dramatically.\"Now, people think about their future and the new generation's future seems to be better than that of their parents.\"The LSE professor said development is now more objective and for better quality of life.He suggested that all villages be connected with Internet, since the technology is getting cheaper. He also called for making life better, particularly of women and girls by taking care of their education and nutrition.Sharma of IHD said Bihar should target 14-15% GDP growth over the next 15-10 years. This will facilitate more public investments and help forge partnership with Bihari diaspora and other stakeholders. Chief secretary Kumar made a presentation on the achievements and challenges during the last six years. To a query, he said government is trying to set up power units to meet higher demand in future. For now, it is trying to meet demand by purchasing power from private utilities at high rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944377", "title": "Gohil blames CM for Bhavnagar firm\u2019s loss", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leader of opposition in the state assembly, Shaktisinh Gohil, on Saturday, said that Gujarat government was making Bhavnagar-based Alcock Ashdown Ltd run into loss just to clear ground for the sale of the company to an industrialist.\"With this as a sole objective, the company has not completed the work of a contract of Rs 698.91 crore in time. Consequently, the company has to pay for the delay which means loss of millions of rupees,\" he said, adding that the contract was of building six survey vessels for Indian Navy at a cost of Rs 659.03 crore. \"In addition to this, there was work of modification of Rs 32.97 crore and project management assignment of Rs 6.60 crore,\" he stated.Since the company pleaded financial crisis, the centre provided advance of Rs. 257.15 crore. \"Despite help and extended contract, the firm has suffered a loss of Rs 100 crore as the state government is not supportive. CM wants to give away the company to an industrialist friend and for the purpose, he is driving it towards loss,\" Gohel alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946179", "title": "Outlook will be shaped by domestic factors", "text": "By Dharmakirti JoshiIndia's GDP growth fell sharply to 6.9% this fiscal year from 8.4% last year. This is a clear underperformance if the benchmark is the near 9% growth that India achieved in the five years preceding the global financial crisis in 2008-09 . One may, however , take solace in the fact that even this 6.9% growth is reasonably healthy, if viewed in the backdrop of recession in Europe and anaemic recovery in the US. But I believe that the drop in India's growth in 2011-12 is much sharper than that warranted by global developments . Domestic factors are largely to be blamed for this - the high inflation environment that necessitated interest rate hikes, for instance. This slowed both consumption and investment growth.In addition, there were some other adverse developments that were of our own making. Unaddressed bottlenecks in the mining sector via shortages of coal and iron-ore slowed industrial activity. Uncertainty in land acquisition and environment clearances depressed the investment climate, and slow decision-making in government is trimming the investment pipeline. The outlook for 2012-13 will be shaped by domestic factors that are largely within our control and external factors outside our domain of influence. We believe that the Indian economy will grow at 7% in 2012-13 in a base case scenario.There are some green shoots visible on the global front with the better-than-expected performance of the US, the world's largest economy, which is now expected to grow at 2% in 2012. The forwardlooking indicators of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation &amp; Development ( OECD ) also show some improvement in the advanced countries' outlook. But it is too early to cheer. In the beginning of 2011, there was similar optimism, belied later, on the growth prospects of the advanced economies.Europe is the weakest link in the chain and is expected to be in recession in 2012. The US economy has sprung a bit of positive surprise on the growth front, but risks to its recovery remain. Given the fragility of recovery in these nations , it might not be amiss to say that chances of their sinking into recession once again cannot be completely ruled out.The key risk is from a fullblown crisis in the Euro zone, which can create global financial instability and also drag down the entire advanced world. The central banks in developed countries will keep pumping money and maintain low interest rates to support their economies. We should, therefore , expect volatile capital flows due to excess liquidity in the West. The value of the rupee against the dollar, too, will dance to the tune of capital flows - strengthening when capital inflows rise and weakening when outflows increase.For India, there is no escaping the pain of a hard landing in the advanced world, if that happens. The high fiscal deficit limits the scope of providing a boost to the economy through government spending. And high and persistent inflation does not allow the RBI to cut interest rates sharply.On the domestic front, the recent decline in inflation has provided some relief. This, together with the slowdown in growth, has raised hopes that the RBI will start cutting interest rates soon. But a sharp cut in interest rates should be ruled out in the backdrop of stubbornly high inflation over the past six years.The Consumer Price Index inflation has averaged 9% each year since 2006-07 . Despite the recent fall, the average inflation in 2012-13 is likely to remain close to 6%, which is still above the RBI's comfort level of 5%. Nevertheless, this will create a little elbow room for the RBI to cut interest rates, which will support growth in 2012-13 .In a depressed global environment , achieving the pre-crisis growth of 9 per cent is a tall order. But the country can easily create some upside growth by pushing domestic reforms. To begin with, swift action to sort out some impediments in mining and land acquisition will help in lifting sagging business confidence.The revival of the reform process will complement this and not only provide some cushion against global headwinds but also help in raising the medium-term growth potential. After all, India achieved 9 per cent growth between 2004-2008 not due to global factors but largely due to domestic policy reforms.The writer is chief economist, CRISIL Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11945048", "title": "Banks seek RBI guidelines on shifting procedure", "text": "NOIDA: Banks that have been displaced by the Supreme Court order have written to the lead district bank asking %it to forward a request to the RBI to issue standard guidelines on the shifting process.Banks have expressed %their inability to shift out by March 5, considering that some are yet to find alternate commercial locations.Meanwhile, those banks that have opted for the Noida Authority's new land scheme may have to approach the court too seeking an extension of the March 5 deadline. Noida Authority has said that it will seal all banks operating from residential plots even if they have opted for the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945844", "title": "Experts urge industries to conduct energy audit", "text": "NASHIK: To optimize fuel consumption and save the energy and environment, industries have been asked to conduct energy audits. For creating awareness among entrepreneurs regarding energy and fuel saving and reduce the production cost by taking some measures, the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) had organized a workshop on the importance of saving fuels for the future of the next generation.\"We can achieve both, the saving of money and the safety of environment by way of energy conservation and energy audits. This will also help to control exploitation of minerals, fuel, jungle assets and the environment,\" Maharashtra Pollution Control Board regional officer A S Fulse said.with a proper planning. Industries and consumers must do an energy audit that will help us to save fuel for the future. India requires foreign currencies to import fuel. Today, the communication and industrial development of the country still depends on fuel,\" said Fulse. \"In India, the reservoir of fuel is less but its usage is large and that is affecting the environment. Industries can save both fuel and energy if they took care of their machineries and conducted energy audits from the experts,\" AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale said.\"Today, the production cost of the products being manufactured by the industrialists is increasing day by day. The power tariff in Maharashtra is more as compared to other states. We will get the market for our products when the production cost will be lower. Hence, it is necessary for the industrialists to adopt energy conservation and energy audits,\" Gopale said.Deputy director of Petroleum Conservation Research Association (PCRA) M P Rozatkar said around 80 per cent of the country's fund is spent on fuels. \"Petroleum fuels used today in the country can be utilized for the next 20 years if we adopted some measures like energy conservation and conducted energy audit,\" he said.The representatives from 60 industries, including Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, MUSCO, Schneider Electric , Siemens India, Jindal Poly Films, Dirk India, BCL Forging and Innova Rubber, participated at the workshop.Audit to aid energy, fuel saving; reduce production cost* Lowering production cost to help get more market for products* To help control exploitation of minerals, jungles, environment* In India, fuel reservoir less but usage large, hurting environment* Around 80% of country's fund spent on fuels* With audit, petroleum fuel used today can be utilized for next 20 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "fatehpur", "code": "11944725", "title": "17 lakh voters to seal fate of 88 candidates in Fatehpur", "text": "FATEHPUR: The stage is set for voting for all the six Assembly seats of this district in the fourth phase of elections, where the fate of nearly 88 candidates will be sealed by nearly 17 lakh voters on Sunday.The six seats, Jahanabad, Bindki, Sadar, Ayahshah, Husainganj, Khaga, has a total of 17,11165 voters, according to the District Election Office sources. The Jahanabad seat comprises of 282937 voters, including 158271 men, 124665 women, and 22021 fresh voters. Similarly, Bindki comprises of 285922 voters, including 158321 men, 127598 women, and 25421 fresh voters. Likewise, Sadar seat comprises of 315915 voters, including 172691 men, 143220 women and 50123 fresh voters.Ayayshah assembly seat comprises of 247461 voters, including 137144 men, 110316 women, and 29150 fresh voters. Husainganj seat has 274198 voters that include 149239 men, 124951 women, and 27525 fresh voters. Khaga seat comprises of 304732 voters, including 167258 men, 137467 women, and 31839 fresh voters.A total of 1792 polling booths across six assembly segments have been set in the district and more than 8682 polling personnel have been deployed for smooth conduct of elections. Besides, there are eight observers deputed to monitor the polling centres/booths on Sunday. About six returning officers and 12 assistant returning officers have been deputed in the six assembly seats. The district election authorities have identified 213 hyper-sensitive, 168 sensitive polling stations. Six control rooms have been put in place where people can register their complaints, if any, over phone or in person.The polling centres will be manned by 3925 police personnel.Incidentally, the district has witnessed a decline in the voter turnout over the past three Assembly elections.District election officer/district magistrate G S Priaydarshi said: \"People can use their personal vehicle on the polling day, but no one will be allowed to use personal vehicle to transport voters. Strict action would be initiated against such offenders.\"UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11943390", "title": "BSY shows soft corner for Porngate MLAs, says everyone watches it", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa has come out in support of the three former ministers involved in Porngate.At a programme in Shimoga on Saturday, the former CM showed his soft corner for the trio, who are his supporters, and targeted the media. He said, \"It (ministers watching porn clips in the legislative assembly) has been blown out of proportion by the media. Everybody watches it. Don't you watch them?''He said the media had given a different impression about the MLAs to the people. \"Is that what all MLAs do? If someone, knowingly or unknowingly does it, it's fine to write about it for a day or two,'' he said. He advised the media to use some restraint. \"The speaker has constituted a committee to probe the incident. Even after this, the media seeks my reaction on the issue daily,'' he fumed.The House committee probing Porngate has planned the first meeting in another four days. The committee headed by Gadag MLA Bidarur Srishailappa Virupakshappa (BJP) will go ahead with the probe even though three members from the opposition parties have boycotted it.Virupakshappa told TOI the first meeting could be on February 22 in Bangalore. Asked about the Congress and JD(S) opposition to the committee and what he'd do if they abstained, he said: \"I'll place it before the meeting and then decide. The non-cooperation by opposition members is not new. It has happened in the past too.'' The committee, formed on February 16, has been asked to submit its report by March 13.Of the seven members in the committee, four, including Virupakshappa, are from BJP, two are from Congress and one from JD(S). The Congress and JD(S) said there's no need for a probe and the three tainted former ministers -- Krishna Palemar, Laxman Savadi and C C Patil -- should be disqualified from the membership of the assembly to restore the lost dignity.Speaking to reporters in Chitradurga on Saturday, opposition leader Siddaramaiah reiterated his party's stand and termed the BJP government \"shameless\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944560", "title": "Birds count lowest in a decade: Census", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you have been to Nalsarovar recently, you would have found that flamingos and pelicans which are annual visitors to this wetland are missing from the scene. The phenomenon has not only been noticed by casual visitors, but also substantiated during the recently conducted bird census.The exercise has revealed that the flamingos and the pelicans were totally absent from the tourism zone in the area. A senior forest official who was part of the bird census said that during the recently concluded census, very few large groups of birds were there. Other migratory birds like rails and cooks, along with local varieties - geese and ducks - however, were spotted in larger numbers this year.Forest officials revealed 2008 census had put the number of birds in Nalsarovar at 2.53 lakh. This time around, the enumerators estimate that the count may even go down to 1.7 lakh, which would be the lowest so far in the last decade.An official said that the biennial census was conducted in February this year. \"Usually the census is conducted in the first week of January. But this year with the water level very high, we decided to conduct the census in February,\" said forest officials.Since 2008, this is the third census that has shown persistent drop in the numbers. At present, only a few coots and other birds can be seen in the lake in the tourism section. But if one wanted to watch the handful of flamingoes and pelicans present at Nalsarovar, he would have travel 3-4 hours to spot these birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11946479", "title": "HC bars farmer from claiming right over Sirumalai land", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has barred a farmer from Vellodu village near Dindigul from claiming ownership over 29,000 hectares of land in Sirumalai.A Stephen (72) had claimed that the land was granted to his father 1937 by Rani Muthu Rangammal, a zamindar of Ammainaikanur. He had filed a civil suit in the Dindigul court and got an ex parte order in his favour, restraining other villagers to buy or register the land with the registration department.Sirumalai is a small hill station 20 km away from Dindigul on the Natham Road, with forests and coffee, pepper and banana plantations. About 1,300 of the population have patta land measuring 8,100 acres.One M Vellimalai had approached the joint registrar, Dindigul to find the value of stamp papers for executing a sale deed in respect of a land in the village. It was then that he was informed of a communication issued by the inspector general of registration stating that there were two suits filed by Stephen in the principal district munsif court, Dindigul and he had already obtained a decree in his favour. The court had also granted an order of status quo on the registration of any document relating to the land in Sirumalai village. Hence Vellimalai filed a petition in the Madurai high court bench seeking to quash the order and direct the sub-registrar to receive any document presented for registration pertaining to the land.Stating that public interest could not be allowed to suffer by such a wholly unsustainable decree, Justice V Ramasubramanian said the decrees of the trial court be suspended. Aggrieved by the same, Stephen had filed the present writ appeal. Upholding the single judge's order and dismissing the appeal, the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah said they did not find any ground to interfere with the order of the single judge which had suspended the decrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944656", "title": "410 students graduate at Cept convocation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Each ray contributes something to the world's civilization,\" said danseuse Leela Samson addressing the 410 outgoing students who had assembled for their convocation on Saturday morning at the Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University (Cept). Delighted to see students and faculty both dressed in their off-white/cream traditional attire, Samson chose to begin with her speech talking about \"an unmistakable Indianness\" which is threatened by today's globalization. Samson - the director at Kalakshetra Foundation and a chairperson of central board of film certification was the chief guest at the sixth convocation that took place at the Cept campus grounds.The ceremony commenced with a procession of the graduating students with the Cept shawl proudly draped around their shoulders. On the dais were Sanjay Lalbhai, Cept chairman, Dr R N Vakil, Cept director, Dayanand Swami and chief guest Leela Samson. Dr Vakil in his welcome note announced the commencement UG programme in Planning, the only BPlan programme in the state.\" You are a privileged lot as you have learnt to know, feel and understand the world that you live in which is more than designing houses, planning towns and adorning interiors or finding new technologies to support you're your design,\" said Sanjay Lalbhai.Chethika Abeynayeka could not agree less, after winning 6 gold medals. Abeynayeka and his wife Amila Jayasinghe, who also won a gold medal, came to Cept from Sri Lanka to pursue their Masters in Town planning. Beaming with joy Abeynayeka said, \"We are now lecturers at University of Moratwa, Sri Lanka. We shall now impart to others what this institution has taught us.\"Excited peers and proud parents, cheered for students who went up on the stage to receive their certificates and awards. Deans of respective departments announced names of the 410 students who were awarded their degrees, two received their Phds, 322 received post graduate degrees and 86 received graduate degrees. Also 107 awards were awarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943984", "title": "Man hangs himself", "text": "INDORE: A 30-year-old man reportedly committed suicide on Friday night in Shanti Nagar area.Police said that Kamal Singh, son of Daulat Singh Tawar committed suicide when the family members were not at home. The deceased was an auto-driver and had returned bit early that day. He hanged himself with the ceiling using his wife's sarees.No suicide note has been found from the spot and reason of taking extreme step has not been revealed is far.According to the police, the deceased belonged to Kanaria village in Dewas district and was residing in Indore for last five years with his brother and wife.Police has sent the body to district hospital for the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949197", "title": "Lord Krishna back to films", "text": "Nitish Bharadwaj who gained popularity because of his role as Lord Krishna in the television serial Mahabharat; quit acting when he got a chance to contest elections on a Bhartiya Janta Party ticket.After a short stint as a BJP politician, Nitish went into complete oblivion because he migrated to London for four and a half years.The actor is now back in Mumbai and guess what. He is not interested in politics anymore but films.In fact he has completed a film titled Yaksha and will release it shortly.The actor says, Raju Hirani and Ashutosh Gowarikar have seen the film and were truly appreciative of it.I am humbled with their praise and can hardly wait to get it to the public.''Nitish has decided that going forward he will only concentrate on films. I am done with politics and television for the time being,'' he says.So Lord Krishna will not pop up on your television screen. Instead he will be seen in a different avatar in your nearby multiplex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11945729", "title": "Major blow for Cong-NCP MPs, legislators", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic poll outcome has become a major reason for worry for all the MPs from Mumbai as well as a number of legislators, especially those from the ruling DF alliance.Five of the six MPs in Mumbai are from the Congress , while the sixth is from NCP. The Congress-NCP alliance bled the most in the south-central constituency, which is represented by MP Eknath Gaikwad. Only six of the 16 seats held by the party could be retained. The maximum damage in this belt was seen in the Dharavi segment, which has been a party stronghold for years. Congress won only one out of six seats in this belt.The combine also suffered significant losses in Anushakti Nagar (NCP's Nawab Mallik), Chembur (Congress's Chandrakant Handore) and Wadala (Congress's Kalidas Kolambkar).Significant losses occurred in the north-east division , represented by NCP MP Sanjay Patil. While the combine wrested one new ward from BJP in Ghatkopar, it could only win eight out of the 39 seats contested. There were major losses in NCP's MLA Milind Kamble's Bhandup assembly segment.The Congress tally shrank by four in Priya Dutt's north-central , by three in Gurudas Kamat's north-west and Milind Deora's south and by two in Sanjay Nirupam north division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11946497", "title": "Rajasthan officers visit Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: Three senior officers from the energy department of Rajasthan visited Mandya on Friday for studying the functioning of 17 modules under 'Restructured Accelerated Power Development Reforms Programme (R-APDRP)'.The three senior officers from Rajasthan state energy department and nodal officers of R-APDRP, P K Jaimini, D K Sharma and R K Purohit, visited the office of superintending engineer, Ashwath Reddy, from Chamundeswai Electricity Supply Corporation (CHESCOM). The visit was conducted to study the progressiveness of 17 modules being implemented under R-APDRP.\"Though, R-APDRP is being implemented throughout India, the implementation process had commenced much earlier in Karnataka on a pilot basis. This state has done a good job in effectively implementing the project. We came here on a tour to study the shortcomings of implementing the process and collecting feedbacks,\" D K Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945391", "title": "Pending rly projects to be executed on PPP basis", "text": "PATNA: Burdened with pending projects and resource crunch, railways has taken a decision to complete most of the ambitious railway projects on public-private partnership (PPP) basis in the next fiscal year. It has selected some of the important projects, including those allocated to Bihar long back, for this purpose.According to railway ministry sources, a draft policy has been prepared to invite private participation to complete the pending projects. Railways is also hopeful of getting foreign investors for expanding its network across the country, sources said.A Railway Board official said railways has so far selected six projects for execution on a priority basis in PPP mode. These include diesel locomotive and electric locomotive factories in Bihar. The draft policy has also sought to attract state governments to play a proactive role in developing and implementing various pending railway projects in their respective states, he said.Under the draft policy, the railways basically aims at ensuring returns on investments to be incurred on various ambitious projects. It would also ensure timely availability of rail infrastructure to its beneficiaries such as port, industry and states, said the official. According to sources, railways has already invited several local bodies, ports, large import and export companies, cooperative societies, infrastructure and logistics providers for expanding rail network in their respective areas so that it could generate higher revenues, sources said, adding a few overseas corporate bodies and foreign investors have shown interest in some railway projects.The draft policy also envisages using private land for better railway connectivity. Besides, railways would require at least Rs 5 lakh crore to take up several important projects in the country in the next fiscal year. Hitherto, the railways is saddled with problems like delay in project execution and cost overrun.According to a Board official, the draft policy would replace the old ones - R3i and R2Ci - as these policies have not achieved the desired results so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944563", "title": "First round of pulse polio drive kicks off today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first round of the national pulse polio immunization programme will be organised in the city on Sunday. District health officials said that this year, about 6.60 lakh children in the age group of 0-5 years will be administered polio drops at 3,200 booths. 66 mobile teams also have been arranged. Around 12,800 people will be pressed into service for administering the oral drops. Polio booths would be set up at transit points like railway stations and RTC bus stands. There will be a door-to-door campaign from February 20 to 22 to cover those who missed out.Claiming that no polio cases have been detected in the state in the last three years, officials said that they were leaving no stones unturned in their effort to immunize every child. Apart from the 792 notified slums in the city, 209 un-notified slums have been identified by authorities where mobile teams will be deployed. Places such as polling booths, urban health posts, nursing homes, community halls, schools and parks among others have been identified for the setting up of polio booths. It was learnt that the second round of the immunization programme will be taken up from April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11949249", "title": "NIA begins process for recording statement of Headley's wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NIA has begun the process for recording the statement of Pakistani-American terrorist David Headley's estranged Moroccan wife for evidence against him.With the special court granting permission for a Letters Rogatory to be sent to Morocco , the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has started the process for sending request to that country for recording the statement of David Headley's Moroccan wife to get more evidence against him.Sources said Faiza Outalha, the estranged wife of Headley, will also be a crucial evidence in nailing the lies of LeT founder Hafeez Saeed, who has been attempting to throw a veil to his terror activities under the garb of being associated with humanitarian activities of Jamaat-ul-Dawa (JuD).The order of the special court of H S Sharma was sent to the ministry of home affairs, which will be forwarded to legal and treaties department of ministry of external affairs, the sources said.Outalha, during her stay in Pakistan , had met Saeed and complained about Headley to him and besides that she had also gone to the US Embassy in Islamabad to complain against the American-born terrorist and his role with terror groups like LeT and Harkat-ul-Jehadi Islami, the sources said, adding her statement woudl be recorded as a witness.Outalha, who married 50-year-old Headley in February 2007 and divorced a year later, had been able to give security agencies an insight into the personal life of Headley which included connections he had in Mumbai, including with some socialites.She had flown to Mumbai from Karachi and crossed over through Wagah border into India the second time. She had come for the first time in 2007 and stayed with the terror suspect in Taj Mahal Hotel and later in Oberoi-Trident.Both the luxury hotels were targeted by the terrorists during the Mumbai terror attack in November 2008. She had again come in May 2008 via Wagah and went straight to Manali where she was on a holiday near a Jewish house and later toured some areas of Shimla including nearby Kufri, a popular tourist destination.While she claimed that she had since been divorced as Headley was allegedly having relations with several women, the investigators also got information from her about his alleged links with some upcoming Bollywood actors, prominent party-hoppers of Mumbai and socialites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944164", "title": "Citizens hold rally to find missing woman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Vishwa Patel went missing in Vejalpur last month, the citizens of the city woke up to the issue of missing persons. While the number of missing persons reported has remained intact, city police believes that there is heightened awareness among citizens as far as reporting and seeking their whereabouts are concerned. In an attempt to find a woman in Bapunagar, locals of the area conducted a rally and also sent out leaflets on Friday.According to Bapunagar police, Rama Thummar, 32, a resident of Harshad Colony, has been missing for the past one week. As per her family members, she was mentally unstable for past two to three years and was kept under supervision of at least one relative constantly. However, she managed to get out last week and did not return home.\"After contacting police on the issue, we also decided to start search on our own. We conducted a rally on Friday where we distributed leaflets with her photograph and our phone numbers. We have also promised to reward the people who will give us authentic information. Missing persons is a serious issue and we are doing our bit to find her out,\" said a relative of the family on Saturday.The rally had Dhruv and Meet, her children and Rajesh, her husband, as participants. Several residents in the area also joined in the vigil.According to city police officials, the family members are now seeking refuge in online media and mass SMSes. \"In a recent case in Satellite, we got to know that the family had contacted a bulk SMS provider and sent thousands of messages to the residents of the specific area so that they can contact them with any information. In cases like Vishwa, we have online communities and Facebook forums that spread the message. However, we have to see how effective such mediums have been,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11946612", "title": "Jaisha has eyes fixed on Olympics", "text": "GND STADIUM: O P Jaisha, who has consistently made the city proud with her performance in athletics, has only one thing on mind these days - the London Olympics. The athlete is literally putting in her sweat and blood to make the country proud at the Olympics. She has just returned from Kenya, where she had gone in November 2011, with three other women athletes selected from across the country by the Athletics Federation of India ( AFI ).Before leaving for Kenya, Jaisha was in Olympic camp at Bangalore and on February 25 she would return to Kenya for more practice sessions. The 27-year-old said after attending the camp in Kenya she will go for other camps in Italy and more European countries so that she can qualify in the Olympics squad.The Haibowal-resident said the training in Kenya was tougher because they were practising in a different climate at an altitude of 2,400m. \"I had an Italian coach there and his style was also very different. I used to spend most of my time on the tracks,'' she said, adding that athletics has fascinated her since childhood.She has won many medals for the country in international sports events and also won medals for Punjab in national athletics meet. \"My final aim is to represent the country in Olympics and clinch medals for the nation,'' she said.Jaisha's husband and coach, Gurmeet Singh said he is delighted that his wife is learning new techniques of athletics and is hopeful that it will help her beat international athletes at the Olympics.\"However, I feel sad that even though she has been representing Punjab after getting married to me, our state has not really promoted or encouraged her performance,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945008", "title": "MMC councillor flays Damu Naik", "text": "MARGAO: Hitting out at BJP MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik, Margao municipal council (MMC) councillor Damodar Shirodkar refuted all the charges made by Naik against chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and said that Kamat would win the upcoming assembly elections by a thumping majority.\"BJP should get ready to celebrate their \"hatrick of defeat\" in Margao,'' said Shirodkar in a press statement issued on Saturday.\"BJP is trying to portray Damodar Naik as a Bahujan Samaj leader but it is high time that he makes clear what he has done for the BahujanSamaj people of Fatorda,\" added Shirodkar.Shirodkar further alleged that former chief minister Manohar Parrikar always gave step motherly treatment to Madgaokars and thus BJP lost against Kamat in the last two elections.\"Margao constituency is now in the top gear of development and it is in the last seven years that development of Margao began in a real sense,\" he said.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943605", "title": "Officials lure tribals into sterilization to meet target", "text": "BHOPAL: After Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan declared 2012 as the year of family planning, some district collectors seem to have tossed the rule book to the winds to meet their targets. Such has been the zeal among the officials to bring more and more people under the scalpel that they are luring and misguiding protected tribals with dwindling population into sterilization.From aanganwadi workers to tehsildars and village 'patwaris', everyone is out to lure tribals with monetary gain of Rs 1,100 as an incentive. The Vanwasi Kalyan Parishad on Friday threatened a state-wide protest if the government did not stop this programme and act against officials responsible for this outrage. For instance, Betul in southern MP has 10 development blocks of which six are tribal dominated. Two of these tribes, Gonds and Korkus, are designated \"primitive\", whose numbers have dwindled by 11% over the last decade. Even these haven't been spared.Alarmed with this drive, DP Uike, the president of Vanwasi Kalyan Parishad, told TOI, \"The numbers of both Gond and Korku tribes have gone down because of high rate of infant mortality among them. Most infants die before the age of five. These tribes are also affected by lack of medical facilities. Then why this family planning? Ninety percent of sterilisation in this district has been done on tribals.\"At this rate, Gonds and Korkus would soon become extinct, Uike said. \"The government must earmark communities responsible for population explosion. Instead, the victims of sterilisation are those who are already fighting for their existence,\" he added.Repeated attempts to get a comment from district collector Chandrasekhar Borkar on phone did not elicit a response. \"Tribals are poor and are exploited. For them Rs 1,100 is a lot of money. In Bhimpur block, the medical officers who achieved more than the sterilization target were awarded with Rs 25,000 each by the district administration,\" said Uike. He added, \"The same collectorate sent notices to 200 government employees in Amla block for under-achievement of sterilization numbers. The Adivasi Vikas Parishad and Vanwasi Kalyan Parishad have written to the CM. . If sterilisation is not stopped, we will go on a state-wide protest.'''Nobody forced for FP operation'BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh health minister Narottam Mishra said that nobody would be forced to undergo sterilization. \"There is no question of any forcible sterilization or luring anybody to undergo family planning operation,\" he said. \"We have issued instructions to all concerned that no one is to be lured for sterilization. Districts collectors have been instructed against any such persuations,\" he told TOI over telephone from Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943594", "title": "Wife of accused in fraud case arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Leena alias Latika alias Rema Kandalkar (28), the wife of the fraudster Sandeep Kandalkar who aided and abetted him in the crime and stayed with fictitious identities in various places in Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat was on Friday arrested by the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Mumbai police.Leena Kandalkar who has been booked for cheating and breach of trust with 120 B of criminal conspiracy was produced before the Esplanade court and was remanded to police custody till February 22. Sandeep Kandalkar, the main accused in a 2006 fraud involving a travel company-Gurudev Travels was arrested last week from Nashik.While the entire Mumbai police were looking for him, he stayed in Mumbai, Thane, Nashik, Gujarat and Goa along with his wife in fictitious name since 2007. According to the police, while he used a nick name-Santosh Suhash Vaidya, his wife stayed as Reema Vaidya in Nashik when the police arrested them. He was arrested by Nashik police in a cheating case registered in 2009. The firm accepted investments from people on an assurance that their money would be doubled in separate schemes of 90 days and 16 months but within a year the company shut down its operations and fled away. The Nashik police during investigations learnt that Sandeep was wanted in a similar offence by the Mumbai police.We believed that he had fled country in 2006 and hence we put his name on the lookout notice as well on the Red Corner Notice (RCN) not realizing that he was very much in India.''said an officer.According to the joint commissioner of police (Crime) Himanshu Roy, the case dates back to 2006 when Sandeep and his associate floated few lucrative investment scheme promising a good returns.Several innocent investors fell into the honey trap and invested around Rs 1.5 to Rs5 lakh. According to the scheme the investors in returns would be getting a car and the car would be used by them and investors will get a monthly rental of Rs 20,000 per month for three years. The investor was to pay the monthly installment of Rs 9,000. Many investors got returns of three to four months after that the cheques issued by Sandeep started bouncing for lack of funds. The investors ran to find Sandeep's office locked after which they approached the police and registered a case.'' Said EOW officer. Police have already arrested five other associates of Sandeep in 2007 and have filed the charge sheet against them.In the fresh development the police have seized Reema's four bank accounts at the Bank of India Bandra branch and Bank of Baroda in Kerala. The police now wants to seize the four trawlers belonging to Sandeep which police believes have been brought by investor's money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11945746", "title": "Lack of big names puts parties in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: With most of the big names having been voted out, all the political parties are now scouring for new leaders for the House.All parties have been robbed of quite a few veterans , with the Congress being the worst hit. The party has lost all its deputy leaders - Sameer Desai, Vinod Shekhar and Ravi Raja. Dharmesh Vyas was not given a ticket from his Kalina constituency. Leader of the outgoing House, Rajhans Singh, could not contest the election. Rajendra Choube, a senior member, lost to Sena candidate Abhishek Ghosalkar . Insiders say the party is faced with three options to float as deputy leaders in the BMC house - Jyotsana Dighe, Sheetal Mhatre and Waquarunissa Ansari.Shiv Sena also has its share of upsets. Three-time corporator and former standing committee chairman Prabhakar Shinde lost his bastion of Mulund (E), and Rajul Patel lost to Jyotsana Dighe in Jogeshwari.The BJP has Dilip Patel and Manoj Kotak as the likely contenders for being group leader and holding chairmanship for a statutory committee. The current group leader, Ashish Shelar, couldn't contest the poll as his constituency was reserved for women. Senior member and former group leader Bhalchandra Shirsat was trounced by Congress candidate Pravin Chheda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "calvim", "code": "11945208", "title": "Serendipity to the rescue for some villagers", "text": "CALVIM: The tears of sorrow would have run deeper on the Calvim island if three young students had not got off the ill-fated bus either at Mapusa or Aldona, sources said.A sudden change of mind saved the lives of Charles Fernandes, 16, and Alistair Pereira, also 16, both residents of Calvim. Both are Class XII students of St Thomas Higher Secondary School, Aldona. They had visited their institute to collect their hall tickets. Both boarded the bus at Aldona to return home, but changed their mind and got down.A middle-aged lady standing on the ferry ramp at Lankdem said her daughter was also saved under fortuitous circumstances. Her daughter had boarded the bus at Mapusa bus stand but decided to get off as it was crowded at that time. \"If she had to stay on the bus I would have lost her forever,\" she said.But others were not so lucky.Priyal Salgaonkar, one of the student victims and a resident of Aldona, was travelling to Calvim on Saturday for a weekend stay at her uncle's place in Vainguinim, Mayem. Her uncle had informed her to cross over the Mapusa River on the 12.40 ferry. He would be waiting for her at the other end in Calvim. But he never saw her alive. This tragic incident could not cross her to Calvim and her uncle kept waiting.Being the only daughter of her parents, her father, Prakash Salgaonkar had passed away three-and-a-half years ago. Priyal would often travel to her uncle's (mothers' brother) place on weekends. However, fate had willed otherwise as she could not cross the river.A source said one of the victims may have been alive if she had stayed at home. \"But her mother thought she was ill and her (mother's) absence from home would encourage her to go to play if she was left alone,\" the source said. She went to school and destiny willed otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945467", "title": "Neighbour, 3 others held for murder of paralytic woman", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch rounded up four people, including a neighbour, for their involvement in the murder of the paralytic woman, in her fifties, at Bezonbagh on February 13. The four accused were handed over to Jaripatka police on Saturday.According to police sources, Shankar Wasnik, in his twenties, is the mastermind behind the murder of Snehalata Gajbhiye, whose husband and son had gone to Raipur to attend a marriage. Snehalata's husband Suresh is a retired assistant sub-inspector.Wasnik wanted to rob the Gajbhiyes for some fast money. Wasnik who works as a driver, had initially roped in two other youths to accompany him. As Wasnik knew that Snehalata was too frail to put up a resistance, he had planned the theft when he came to know that she was alone at home.Accordingly, Wasnik and the two youths had sneaked into the Gajbhiyes' house in the afternoon. Since Snehalata was alert the two youngsters were unnerved and left the place. They then refrained from accompanying Wasnik again on the same mission.During interrogation Wasnik revealed that he then roped in Praneet Bhakde, Birju Sadanshiv and Akash Khandare to help him rob the Gajbhiyes. Accordingly in the evening, they tried again.While Wasnik waited outside to keep a watch, three others entered the house. As Bhakde and Sadanshiv were searching for valuables, Birju tried to gag Snehalata, but as she tried to resist the attempt an impatient Birju stabbed her multiple times with a dagger. The trio then fled the spot along with Rs 38,000 stolen from the house. The booty was split among Bhakde, Sadanshiv and Khandare but Wasnik was yet to get his share.Crime branch team under senior inspector Madhao Giri and additional commissioner of police, crime, Ravindra Kadam picked up Bhakde, Sadanshiv and Khandare after Wasnik spilled the beans. Sources also added that Wasnik was quizzed by Jaripatka cops too but they had let him offs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945043", "title": "Cuncolim councillor criticizes Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Polita Carneiro, councillor of the Cuncolim municipal council (CMC), hit out at Manohar Parrikar and demanded to know why there was zero development in Cuncolim during the BJP regime as during that regime the CMC was backed by the BJP.\"The year BJP was in power at the Centre as well as the state, that is when Parrikar was the chief minister, there was zero development and hence Parrikar has no moral right to ask for support from Cuncolkars,\" said Carneiro in a statement issued on Saturday.\"Joaquim Alemao, as the urban development and labour minister in the Congress government, has helped the local youth in getting government jobs and the overall development of Cuncolim is visible. Hence there is no doubt that Alemao will win by a record margin in the forthcoming elections,\" added Carneiro, the councillor of ward 7.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11945179", "title": "Shivaji's birth anniversary celebration only at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Information and publicity department officials said they would organize the official function of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Jayanti (birth anniversary of Maratha emperor Shivaji) not across talukas as is the practice , but only at Farmagudi in Ponda on Sunday. \"This decision has been taken as a result of the election code of conduct in force in the state, director of information Menino Peres told mediapersons in Ponda.For the first time, the day-long function would have no politician on the dais. While chief secretary Sanjay Shrivastava will be the chief guest, information secretary T M Balkrishnan will preside over the function. Both the bureaucrats along with Peres and other dignitaries will pay homage to the Maratha emperor by garlanding the statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji at Famagudi on Sunday morning. It will be followed by a formal function in the precincts of Gopal Ganapati temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11945044", "title": "Ring in March with roses and ferns", "text": "NOIDA: Flower lovers rejoice. The city will play host to the 26th edition of the Noida Vasant Utsav from March 10-12.With over 100 participants and more than 600 varieties of flowers, the show will be held at Noida Stadium in Sector 21A. As many as 40 categories will compete for a favoured position during the show. Special categories for the competition include bonsai, cacti &amp; succulents, bottle gardens, roses, bulbous plants, a large section of foliage, hanging baskets, cut flowers and vegetables. \"This year, Coleus and ferns have been added to the basket to spruce up the show,\" said Deepa Pasricha of the Floriculture Society. Residents, corporates, hospitals and schools in Noida and Greater Noida have been invited to participate in the competitions.\"This year's theme flower is Verbena. The best varieties of verbena would be extensively showcased during the show,\" Pasricha said. \"The theme flower contains about 250 species of annual and perennial herbaceous or semi-woody flowering plants. Verbenas come in a range of colours from light blushes and pinks to dark reds, blues and purples,\" she said.Unique flower displays, cut flower displays and foliage arrangements will add glamour to the display. Commercial stalls related to floriculture and horticulture will be set up by different states. \"The show will also boast of stalls selling organic manure, seeds, fruit plants, pottery, ceramics, aromas for therapy and bonsais,\" said a society member.That's not all. Cultural programmes are scheduled at 8pm on all three days. The show timings are from 10am to 9pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "umbai", "code": "11945651", "title": "Revamp in MNS ranks, Raj may crack the whip", "text": "UMBAI: Not willing to be lulled by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's (MNS) impressive poll performance in Mumbai, Pune and Nashik, Raj Thackeray is set to revamp the party. \"I am going to crack the whip,\" Raj told TOI on Saturday over the telephone, even as he, wife Sharmila and senior party colleagues drove to Pune to meet the newly-elected MNS corporators. \"I am moved by the response the MNS earned in Pune (29 seats) and Nashik (40 seats),\" he added.Talking about his revamp plan, Raj said, \"I have learnt that in some wards, MNS functionaries did not come out to campaign for the party candidate because of internecine problems. In other wards, our activists flouted the party diktat and worked for the rival candidate. I have received many such complaints.\"Stating that he was not quite happy with the party's Mumbai tally, he said, \"I had thought we would get a higher yield in Mumbai. We surely could have improved our performance in some areas. I will go through the MNS's poll results to identify our weak areas. I want to know what went wrong in areas such as southcentral Mumbai and the suburban Gorai-Charkop.\" He plans to convene a meeting of Mumbai's functionaries for a \"heart-to-heart talk\" .Some heads will roll to restore the grassroots workers' morale.Stating that he couldn't match the resources of the Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP, Raj said, \"These parties have for long been ensconced in office. The MNS had great difficulty raising resources for party candidates . Barring a few, most of the MNS candidates came from humble backgrounds. In fact, I am quite happy that they made it to the winning post. They are young, new and inexperienced in civic politics, but they have a determination to serve the voters, to participate in streamlining the civic administration.\"The NCP's poaching game has alarmed Raj. The NCP is largely seen as engineering defections across the political board, barring the MNS. There are reports that it may be keen to inch closer to the MNS. \"Politically , I am still single and would love to remain so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11949914", "title": "Punjab politics, economy need perestroika to bounce back, says Dalit activist", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab politics needs perestroika (restructuring politics and economy) to emerge a frontline state again. \"Growth in agriculture and industrialization do not help dalits, who are nearly one third of the population, come up as this segment of society neither owns land nor gets jobs in the industry,\" a dalit activist from an organization called Dalit Dastan, Jay Singh, told The Times of India. Punjab has the largest population of dalits in the country but the state has never elected anybody from this segment as chief minister. The power has remained with the land owning Jats whose share in power structure is disproportionate to their numerical strength. Jay Singh says, \"At least 40% of dalits and other backward castes have been completely by-passed by electoral politics, agriculture and industrial growth.\" Political observers feel the on-going caste census is going to redefine politics as other backward castes and backward castes along with Schedule Castes will be nearly 70% in Punjab but are least represented. Nehru Chair professor Dr RS Ghuman also feels dalits don't benefit from the development being talked about during the election as 98% of dalits in rural areas do not own land and the number of those with matriculation amongst them are very few to be employable in the industry in Punjab. The economist brings back the focus to investing in skill development, health, education, non-agriculture rural economy and eliminating bad subsidies being doled out to a powerful but rich vote base of both the Congress and the Akali Dal, collecting tax from this favoured block and putting back the money in these crucial sectors. Jay Singh who has been fighting for bonded labour, says this power and economic structure suggests the political and economic order has to change in favour of the deprived from the land owning class and the one with surplus. As a result, while subsidies to politically influential land owners have been increasing but investment in health and education and non-farm rural agriculture has gone down. Punjab already had a very strong ultra Left presence and a sizeable section of them still shun electoral politics to get their share in the economy but believe in direct peaceful action to prevent what they call \"land grab\" in the name of acquisition for those with surpluses, Dr Darshan Pal who has led many such actions, said. Dr Pyare Lal Garg, an education campaigner, has said the quality of education that largely benefits dalits, has drastically gone down with a large number of students not even being able to read books of the second standard. Jay Singh says because of the land owning class becoming power base of the both main parties, MNREGA has not succeeded in Punjab, both during regimes as its success will deprive the farm sector the labour and push up labour cost. Dr Ghuman said 67% of the population of Punjab does not own land and 90% dalits do not even reach matriculation level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944746", "title": "Young kids exhibit skills", "text": "KANPUR: Students exhibited their skills in events like dance, poem recital etc at the programme 'Open House 2012' organised at IIT-Kanpur campus school on Saturday. The programme showcased the activities performed by children in maths, English, Hindi, arts &amp; crafts, computer and sports.The programme was inaugurated by professor Ashish Garg from materials science and engineering department, accompanied by chairman Sandeep Sangal.The programme started with the lighting of lamp ceremony, followed by Ganesh Vandana, orchestra, group dance, poem recital on Rani Laxmibai by class II students and a street play (nukkad natak) depicting the miserable condition of roads. Principal Achla Josan welcomed the gathering.Small skits based on life stories from Panchtantra, Akbar-Birbal and depiction of characters like Robinson Crusoe, Rip Van Winkle etc drew appreciation from the audience. The working of solar system, germination of seeds and traditional models of water harvesting system were also displayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945757", "title": "Sena-BJP gained 41 seats with just 2% more votes", "text": "A difference of just 2% of the total 46 lakh votes cast by Mumbaikars on Thursday - or 92,000 votes - resulted in the Shiv Sena-BJP combine getting 41 more seats than the Congress-NCP alliance in the BMC elections, according to calculations based on figures released by the state election commission.The saffron combine secured 30% of the city's vote share, or nearly 13.7 lakh votes. In the process it won 106 seats (the RPI-A won the 107th one). The Congress-NCP , meanwhile , won 28% of the city's vote share, or 12.9 lakh votes. This translated into just 65 seats for the alliance. However , the Congress-NCP's vote share is for 226 seats (the 227th one was contested by RPIKawade ), while the saffron partners' vote share is for 198 seats. The saffron combine's third ally, the RPI-A , which won just one seat, contested the 29 other seats. The RPI-A vote share was not available.The city's 44.6% voting percentage means only 46 lakh of the city's 1.03 crore registered voters voted on Thursday.Despite taking a hit, the Congress still remained the party with the most votes across the city. The Congress, which contested 169 seats, had a vote share of 21.7% as compared to the Sena's 21.3%. But the Sena got a similar vote share despite contesting 34 fewer seats.The results reveal that the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) received the third largest number of votes. It secured 20%, or 9.21 lakh, of the total votes polled. However, the Raj Thackeray-led MNS contested the most seats, 223, of the major parties. The Congress contested 169, the NCP 57, the Sena 135 and the BJP 63 seats. But the MNS's vote share is a dramatic improvement from the party's 2007 performance , when it won 11.2% of the total votes polled.The MNS got more votes than the Sena in the eastern suburbs, where it grabbed 2.82 lakh votes as opposed to the Sena's 2.32 lakh. \"The figures clearly establish a change of guard in Mumbai's electoral voting pattern. While it may look like a clear case of the MNS having gained on account of Congress, there is a strong possibility of the MNS attracting a large chunk of new voters,\" said psephologist Uday Nirgudkar. \"But while the demographic profile has changed, the parties failed to identify the right candidates to suit the change, thereby causing the change of guard.\"In the 2007 polls, the Congress got 25.3% of the city's votes, bagging 71 seats, while the Sena-BJP combine won 30.4% of the votes to bag 112 seats. Both sides contested all 227 seats then.The BJP, which has won three seats more than in 2007, received a similar vote share this year. It got 8.6% of the votes in 2012, as opposed to 8.2% in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11946359", "title": "Fish crates raise a stench at station", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The shoddy handling of fish crates at the Kozhikode railway station has become a headache for the passengers. The fourth platform of the station from where large consignments of fish are sent and received has become a filthy place. Often the thermocol boxes containing fish break open due to sloppy handling and raise a stench across the platform.The delay in removing the boxes from the platform leads to decay of fish with water oozing out of the boxes. The fish crates are sent by train to other states including Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, and Ahmedabad.After passengers complained about the issue with the Kerala Railway Police, Kozhikode, the cops reported the incident to the judicial first class magistrate as it was empowered to register a case of its own.As per the direction of the magistrate, it submitted a report to the magistrate. The court asked the cops to register a case against the private agency that handles the fish consignments.The police registered a case against the agency on two occasions in the recent months -- first time in November 2011 and later in January 2012. The case was registered under the 120 E of the Kerala Police Act for polluting public space. However, the police said that despite taking action and warning them, negligence in handling the cargo still continues.\"The fish consignments have been causing lots of difficulties to the railway passengers. There were several instances of passengers slipping on the platform because of the water oozing from the boxes,\" said C E Chakkunny, general secretary, Malabar Rail Users Association. He said the railway had promised to keep the platform clean when they took up the issue with them. A senior official with the railway station said they had given special instructions to keep the platforms clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11946466", "title": "Low and behold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ecologically fragile Palasuni-Hansapl-Daya bridge triangle in the city may be another Sundarpada in the making, where multi-storied apartments were flooded in the last monsoon. Flanked by two upcoming parallel roads on either side, the low-lying area is witnessing an unprecedented real estate growth.While state public works department has started work on a two-lane 60-ft-wide road from Palasuni on National Highway (NH) 5 to Garage Chhak on NH 203 by squeezing the Daya West Canal, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) will soon start work on the 200-ft-wide, 11-km-long NH bypass near the Hansapal bridge on NH 5 to Daya bridge on NH 203, running almost parallel to the Palasuni-Garage chowk road.The 7.8-km Palasuni-Garage chowk road is touted to be an alternative road for Rasulgarh-Kalpana Square for vehicles plying from Cuttack and heading towards Puri. The 30-ft-wide canal is being reduced to 8-ft in the middle of the two lanes, passing through Gada Gopinath Prasad, Jharpada, Tankapani and BJB Nagar villages. \"It will be an alternative city road for Rasulgarh-Kalpana stretch of the NH,\" said Chakradhar Prasad Gantayat, an executive engineer with PWD.NHAI project director A K Ray said NH authorities will soon start work for the bypass from Hansapal to Daya for Cuttack-Puri traffic. \"The 11.3-km road will pass through 11 villages. Land acquisition for at least nine villages is complete. The work will start soon,\" he said.While NHAI bypass has a 2014 completion deadline, a third 80-ft-wide PWD road is coming up near the Hanspal bridge towards High-tech Medical College, crisscrossing the locality. Because of the anticipated wide accessibility of the area with Cuttack and Puri, besides intra-city links, several big ticket residential projects are coming up in the vicinity. \"It has become a sought after place in spite of being a low-lying area because of its foreseeable connectivity with other places in the city and with Cuttack and Puri,\" said D S Tripathy, president of Odisha branch of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai).Besides, at least 50 housing projects are under various stages of completion in the area, with developers consolidating their land bank in villages for future projects. Currently, per square foot prices of housing project start from Rs 2,100 in the area.Environmentalists see an impending disaster in this boom. \"It is a wetland, which should be protected. The mindless construction in the area will spell doom,\" said Dr P K Jena, chairman of city-based Institute of Advance Technology and Environmental Studies (IATES). Jena said squeezing of the West Daya canal will affect ground water levels and ultimately result in water scarcity in the area. \"The roads will reduce it to a drain,\" he said.PWD engineer Chakradhar Prasad Gantayat, however, said the canal will be renovated under a Rs 30 crore PWD project. \"Though its size is being reduced, the flow of water will improve after its renovation,\" he said. It may be mentioned here that after agricultural land in the area was reclaimed for building residential blocks, the canal has become 'dead'. It is encroached at several places, with domestic waste and wild shrub growth suffocating the canal further.Town planners advise caution for real estate development in the area. \"Storm water drainage is a critical component in the area. We are working on the zonal plan for the locality where parts of the area are marked as ecologically sensitive,\" said town planning director Prashant Patnaik.Bhubaneswar Development Authority sources said the agency has imposed restriction on individual residential constructions in the area which may clutter drainage. \"Only housing projects with one acre area are getting approval,\" said a senior BDA officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944919", "title": "Janta meal hit with PU janta", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Exactly a month after the introduction of Janta meal, priced at Rs 20, available at Student Centre, the easy on pocket platter has become quite a hit among students. With close to 50 such plates being ordered each day from the various outlets at Student Centre, the demand for this kadi chawal/dal chapatti platter is soaring. Incidentally, two students have been staging a hunger strike for last four days demanding a roll back in prices of all food items available at Student Centre which have been raised recently by 20%. In a bid to compensate this hike, an economical Janta meal was introduced in January this year.\"The sales have gone up in the last few weeks since more and more students are getting to know of it,\" said owner of an eating joint at Student Centre.Even as the eating joint owners are finding it tough to meet ends, offering such an economical meal, with heavy rental value of the outlets, students on the other hand are a happy lot.\"When we saw other students ordering the meal at the counter only then we came to know of the janta meal. Although banners have been put up, but students who frequently tend to overlook them and place routine orders. Nothing could be better than Rs 20 meal since we come here frequently,\" said Sabina, MA second year student.With the commencement of janta meal, a tug of war had already begun over taking credit for it. Sign boards put up at various shops in Student Centre read that the meal was introduced on the suggestion of PU vice-chancellor. Student leaders, on the other hand, have been making claims that the platter has been their innovation and they \"insisted the authorities\" to introduce it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945197", "title": "Goa carnival called off after bus tragedy", "text": "PANAJI: Four school children were among seven persons drowned on Saturday afternoon when a private mini bus plunged into the Mapusa River at the Aldona-Calvim ferry wharf in Aldona village, 22km from the capital city of Panaji. While six bodies have been fished out, one is yet to be traced.The bus driver, whose father is the owner of the bus, has been arrested by police and booked for the offence of culpable homicide. The state government has ordered a magisterial inquiry.The incident occurred around 12.20pm on Saturday. \"We have fished out six bodies. Four of them are of school-going children,\" said DIG Ravindra Yadav.Yadav said that during preliminary investigations, driver Rajesh Chandrakant Naik, 26, told police that the brakes of the bus failed and he therefore lost control. An eyewitness, Divyang Kashikar, 29, from Saligao, who was at the ferry point waiting for the 12.40pm ferry to go to Calvim, said, \"I saw the bus coming down the slope towards the ferry point. Usually, the bus stops at the ferry wharf, passengers get off, and the bus reverses to the road. This time the bus came straight down, the driver failed to stop the bus and it slipped into the river.\"\"After the bus plunged into the river the driver Rajesh tried to come out through the driver's door. As it didn't open he came out of the passenger's entrance. He swam out of the river and ran away from the spot. Later, he surrendered to the police. We have arrested him and booked him for culpable homicide. We will be investigating if the bus had any mechanical fault and if it had requisite permissions to operate,\" said the DIG.Rescue operations were initiated soon after the mishap. By 1pm, coastal security boats reached the spot. Marine commandos along with locals jumped into the river to try to save the passengers.The children fished out of the bus were identified as Priyal Salgaonkar, 10; sisters Dyna Dias, 8, and Elvina Dias, 11; and Nagle Gracias, 11. All were students of St Thomas Girls High School, Aldona, and were residents of Calvim.The other bodies retrieved were identified as Josephine Dias, 58, from Calvim and Dayanand Hoble, 55, of Mayem, Bicholim in North Goa. Police said that one more woman was in the bus and is yet to be traced. Authorities took almost one-and-half hour to fish out the bus.\"We stopped rescue operations after sunset. They will resume on Sunday morning as we are told that one more woman was in the bus,\" said SP (coastal security) Allan de Sa.The state government cancelled the Carnival parade at Panaji on Saturday afternoon following the incident. Chief minister Digambar Kamat told STOI that the state government will provide an interim relief of Rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11946448", "title": "Private banks told to increase outreach", "text": "MANGALORE: Old private sector banks should focus on small ticket loan accounts and increase the outreach to develop itself and to contribute to the real economy of the country, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) former deputy governor Usha Thorat said.Usha was delivering the founders' day lecture of the Karnataka Bank Limited here on Saturday.\"In India, there is huge opportunity for banks to contribute to the real economy and to their own growth. \"Small business can be good business\" should perhaps be the slogan for banks to carry forward,\" she said. On challenges and opportunities before old private sector banks in India, Usha said it is apparent that though smaller and larger regional banks have been able to hold up to competition, they have lost market share and their outreach is not as much as their larger national counterparts.\"Those old private sector banks should enhance their coverage in their areas of operations to source more customers while using various means to increase scale without increasing the cost and risk.Attempt should be made to move carefully into regions of the country which are showing good potential for growth and in regions where banking services are not so well developed. While venturing into new territories, the systems and processes, especially internal controls with commensurate technologies, should be in place to monitor the risk closely,\" she said and advised that a cluster approach would perhaps work better.\"Planning and execution of strategies going ahead will need boards that are conscious of the competition and the areas of vulnerabilities. There should be a management team, together with the staff, to steer the bank not only to survive, but also to survive in a manner that the founders would be proud of,\" she added.\"Banks should be required to start with sufficient initial capital. Further, strong capital base would also ensure that the banks withstand any adverse conditions in the financial sector as well as the economy,\" she noted.Karnataka Bank managing director P Jayarama Bhat and chairman Ananthakrishna were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11945962", "title": "Stress on looking good leaves city splurging on hairstyle", "text": "RANCHI: With almost all the big comestics brands for haircare and salons arriving in the city, a splurge on looking good has become essential for everyone. After all, a thick crown of hair does wonders to a face, whether young or old.Brands like Lakme, L'Oreal, Javed Habib and VLCC have suddenly become popular names among city fashionistas. Shalini, a business woman, said, \"I prefer big brands to local parlours as they use good quality products. They offer wider packages for spas, body massage and even weight loss.\" Despite the high rates, these salons manage to attract a good number of customers because of the brand value and also global standard hair stylists.Manager of Calvin and Hobbes, Shahid said, \"Our experts are from metro cities. We use only L'Oreal products. With the increase of our popularity we have decided to open anew branch which will be the best parlour in eastern India as we will have celebrity stylists.\"Kaya, which became popular after Team India skipper, MS Dhoni styled his hair there some years back, is perhaps the most popular and has a footfall of more than 60-70 customers everyday and an overloaded appointment schedule. \"We have a list of elite customers like politicians, businessmen and high level officers and their wives. Middle-class people also come here,\" said Shrishti, central manager of Kaya.VLCC, an international slimming and beauty centre, has managed to gain a large number of members as they provide weight loss schemes and beauty treatments. These members say they have become more confident after their regular visits to the parlour. Neha, a regular visitor, said, \"I lost weight and look prettier after my continuous treatments and now I carry myself confidently.\"These parlours get the maximum number of customers during the wedding season as they offer everything from bridal make-up to saree draping. Bridal make-up in these parlours go up to Rs 38,000 and sari draping ranges from Rs 300 to Rs 10,000 per person. Rohit, a regular customer to one of these parlours, said, \"If I come here even for a hair cut, I will have a different profile as not many of my colleagues visit such parlours.\"Even after the popularity of these big brands the local beauty parlours are not exactly on their way out and still claim they get a steady flow of customers. Madhuri, the owner of a local beauty parlour, Personal Care, said, \"There has been no reduction in the number of our customers as we are providing most of the facilities that you get in top-end parlours and at a very less price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944243", "title": "Two nabbed for murder of man in Maninagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Maninagar police officials arrested two of the accused in a murder case late on Friday night. The officials have started identifying other members of the mob that killed a 26-year-old man on Thursday afternoon.According to Maninagar police officials, Raju Desai, 28, a resident of Rabari Vaas, Isanpur, was sitting at a tea stall in Jawahar Chowk at 3.15 pm on Thursday when a group led by Shivam Sharma and Suresh Vaghela assaulted him with sharp weapons. Sharma stabbed him in the stomach and legs with a knife. Desai was taken to LG Hospital where he succumbed to injuries.D M Chauhan, inspector of Maninagar police station, told TOI that they intensified search for the assailants soon after the incident. \"We had got their names and also their residential addresses from the local residents. They had fled after the incident to evade police arrest. We got a tip-off that Sharma and Vaghela were to come to Vatva Ring Road at 10 pm to meet some of their associates to devise a way out. At that time, we kept a watch and nabbed them,\" he said.Chauhan said that the two accused were questioned at length. \"They confessed that it was spur of the moment that led them to murder. Earlier, Desai had come to the same tea stall with his uncle Piyush Desai to have tea. At that time, Piyush had taken up a fight with Vaghela when he was talking on the phone. When Vaghela came back again with his group, he spotted Desai and after a brief argument, assaulted him,\" he said.Investigators said that more than seven persons involved in the incident are still at large. \"We are getting their whereabouts and will catch them soon,\" said the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945837", "title": "35-year-old killed in road mishap", "text": "NASHIK: Jagdish Yashwante (35) was killed in a road accident while he was standing at Dwarka circle. Yashwante was and was knocked down by a truck. According to the case registered by the mother of the deceased, Meera Yashwante, residing at Chandwad, Jagdish was waiting at on the bus stop near Punjab Hotel at Dwarka when the truck knocked hit him.The incident occurred at 8pm earlier this weekon Thursday.The driver, Hari Rajole, who was booked for negligent driving, which allegedly resulted in the death of Jagdish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949787", "title": "Puneeth in a Lakshmi Manchu production?", "text": "Lakshmi Manchu, who's considered as a formidable producer in Andhra Pradesh, is now eyeing Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.While she has already begun producing two Tamil films (which are bilinguals), she might soon make her foray into the Kannada film industry with a film starring Puneeth Rajkumar.Lakshmi reveals, \"I've narrated the script of my current production, Uu Kodathara? Ulikki Padathara?, which stars my brother Manoj , to Puneeth Rajkumar. He was very excited about the script.\" The actress-filmmaker quickly adds that she might not be making the film immediately as she has two films to finish. \"I've UKUP and my other film Maranthein Mannithen, which coincidentally is my Kollywood debut, which I have to complete,\" says Lakshmi.Throwing some more light on her debut, she says, \"The film deals with the 1986 floods, which forms the backdrop of the film, and the lives of four individuals (Aadhi, Sundeep, Taapsee and Lakshmi) playing the lead roles.\" Lakshmi also adds, \"There's the symbolism of the floods used because our four lives are interconnected too.\"The actress in her is also excited to be part of Mani Ratnam's next film, Kadal. \"When I signed the film, I just couldn't believe it. I'm excited to shoot for this film. It was to have taken off on February 1 but the ongoing strike has led to the delay,\" Lakshmi says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11947692", "title": "Dedicated metro stations for Red Fort, Jama Masjid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dodging puddles in the narrow lanes of the Walled City just to catch a glimpse of the imperial Red Fort and the famous Jama Masjid will soon be passe with both monuments getting dedicated Metro stations under the Delhi Metro's Phase-III project.As part of the project, the 16th century Mughal monument Humayun's tomb in South Delhi would also be connected by Metro and the line is expected to be completed in the first half of 2016.According to Metro officials, setting up of stations near monuments is aimed at ensuring hassle-free travel for visitors and tourists to historically significant places.\"The completion of the third phase of Delhi Metro's construction is expected to boost tourism in Old Delhi as the heritage monuments in the area will become connected by the Metro,\" a Delhi Metro spokesman said.Though Old Delhi already has Metro connectivity, one has to alight at the Chandni Chowk station and walk through the by-lanes of the Walled City to catch of glimpse of Red Fort or Jama Masjid.Both the proposed Red Fort and Jama Masjid stations will be located on the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor that will pass through a number of heritage structures.Phase-III, which will connect another 103 km of the capital through Metro, will also provide easy access to Lotus Temple as it will have direct Metro connectivity from Noida and many other areas of Outer Ring Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11944023", "title": "Realtor held for cheating at least 50 buyers in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: A realtor, who sold reserved sites to public and cheated at least 50 persons from Coimbatore, Karamadai and Mettupalayam, was arrested on Friday and sent to Coimbatore Central Prison. The police have slapped cheating cases against four more persons.The scam came to light after 43-year-old E Gnanadas, a grocer from Veeriyampalayam, sought permission from Kalapatti town panchayat to build a house on a five cent plot he had purchased from Simon in 2005. He had bought the plot at the cost of Rs 47,000 per cent. In January 2011, he was informed by panchayat authorities that the land was part of a site reserved for a children's park. Gnanadas asked Simon to return his money which the latter refused.On further inquiry, Gnanadas realized that the plot had passed through many hands before it came in the possession of Simon. He also found out that the plot was part of a land parceled and sold by C Jeevanantham in 2005. \"All the three people who held the land before me knew it was a site reserved for a park. They all sold the land within months of buying it. I suspect the hand of land registrars in the scam. I don't want my money back. I want land in an approved spot as I want to build a house,\" says Gnanadas. He claimed that real estate brokers in the area had close contact with Jeevanantham, who may be involved in similar frauds elsewhere.Last week, Gnanadas filed a complaint with the police. Based on the complaint, a team led by inspector of police C Chandrasekaran went to Panapatti in Coimbatore district and arrested Jeevanantham. A resident of Gurusaminagar in Thudiyalur, Jeevanantham, 61, stands accused of cheating scores of people in Karamadai and Mettupalayam. Police are also probing his link with officials. Simon, Kandasamy, Thangavel and Sathyamoorthy have been arrested and are being questioned.Police said the accused told Gnanadas that a new Tidel Park would soon be coming up in the area and land prices would shoot up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945371", "title": "How to leave your lover?", "text": "There are many ways of doing it, and they're all just as effective1 . Live on televisionKatie Price broke the news that she was considering ditching Alex Reid during an interview on I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here! in 20092. On OprahMatt Damon told Oprah that he and Minnie Driver were no longer together. It was said to be the first Minnie had heard of it3. Fake your own deathMake a clean break, just like the cheating pair in the play The Mercy Seat, who \"disappear\" on September 12, 2001, the day after they were both supposed to be in the World Trade Centre, but were in fact on an illicit rendezvous4. Get a cuddly toy to deliver the message for youAn American company called Break Up Bears claims to offer a service sending doleful toy bears bearing Dear John letters in satchels. The jilted one gets to keep the bear5. CrypticallyTom Cruise and Nicole Kidman; Cruise's statement read: \"Nicole knows why.\" He dodged questions about it, while Kidman was still asking what went wrong6. At the altarIt's not just Dustin Hoffman who can extract women from their fiances at the very last moment. An Australian groom left his bride at the altar - for a man7 . Become a ScientologistJennifer Lopez's marriage break-up from husband Marc Anthony was reportedly because of arguments over the singer's alleged Scientology beliefs8. Leave the countryJulia Roberts reportedly jumped ship, and time zones, days before her planned wedding to Kiefer Sutherland, later leaving the US for Ireland9. Become too famous for themAishwarya Rai met Rajeev Mulchandani when she started as a model. She dumped him for the more famous Salman Khan, when Bollywood came knocking10. In a hospital wardUS presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich visited his wife in hospital after she underwent surgery for cancer - to discuss the terms of their divorce. Gingrich vehemently disputes the account11. Crash the car...Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren split, prompting reports of affairs with at least 14 women. He crashed his car outside their home after an alleged row12. Get thrown in jailOne of literature's greatest lovers, John Donne, was severed from his 17-year-old wife Anne, when her uncle sent him into Fleet prison. They were reunited when he got out13. Discover your spouse is your sisterIn 2008, the House of Lords was told the toe-curling story of the twins separated at birth, who met in later life and married. They annulled the marriage when they found out the truth14 . Move out without telling your partnerAccording to the actress Laura Dern, she returned home from time away filming in 2000 to find her boyfriend Billy Bob Thornton had left her for Angelina JolieTHE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948277", "title": "I am greedy: Padmapriya", "text": "Great talent has emerged from theatre. While most people eventually settle down in the film industry, there are a few that continue to keep in touch with their first love.Mollywood actress Padmapriya is one such who, after quite a long break, has decided to get back on stage. \"I've always been a part of theatre. But getting back on stage now is rather special as I have not been on it since I began my film career,\" says Padmapriya, who is currently in Bangalore for the same.\"The play is a result of a meeting of like-minded people. Actress Ann Augustine, director V K Prakash, writer Jayaprakash Kuloor and I were talking about theatre once, and realised that we all wanted to produce good plays that can reach out to a wider audience,\" she explains.Padmapriya has taken up the task of acting in two of the four plays that have been adapted from the works of Anton Chekov and Jayaprakash Kuloor. In the meantime, Padmapriya insists that getting back on stage does not mean she is moving away from films.The actress recently made her debut on the Bengali movie screen with Aparajita Tumi. \"I was thrilled that an audience as critical as the one we find in Bengal gave my film a thumbs up. I was part of the Bollywood film Strikers - which I would call a niche film. Though, apart from this, there is not much happening up north,\" admits the actress.Closer home, Padmapriya will be seen in director P Balachandran's Ivan Megharoopan. Director Lal's Cobra, M A Nishad's Number 66 Madurai Bus and Gautham Menon's Tamil production Thangameengal ensures she is busy for the rest of the year. \"I'm greedy for good films, and will test waters in new territories as long as I get to satiate that greed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11945984", "title": "Now, HEC manufactures cannon-making machine", "text": "RANCHI: Continuing with its objective of \"building nation\", Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) has indigenously manufactured a CNC deep hole boring machine for ordinance factory, Kanpur. The machine is meant for making barrel of cannons and was cleared for dispatch by works manager, ordinance factory, Kulveer Singh Yadav here on Friday. The model, BDH 140N, has been designed for making barrels with a maximum bore diameter of 350mm and up to a length of 12,000mm.The machine was cleared for dispatch after thorough check-up of the functions following which a simple ceremony was organized at the heavy machine tool plant (HMTP) where acting CMD R Mishra congratulated the team led by director (production) Kushal Saha for successful completion of the project within time.The work order of defence sector has added a feather to the cap of HEC as the machine worth Rs 19 crore is the costliest single work order bagged and completed by HMTP till date. The machine bed has a length of 30 metres and has a special feature of bottle-boring facility. It is unique for the ordinance factory, Kanpur, as well because it would be having a machine with bottle-boring facility for the first time. After the successful testing of this machine, HEC has achieved a unique distinction of becoming a global company that can manufacture CNC deep hole boring machines with all modern features, on a par with the world leaders from Europe and the US.Assistant public relations officer Sanjay Singh said that tools of the machine have been imported from M/s BTA Tech Dr. Greuner &amp; GmbH, Germany. \"The engineers from Dr. Greuner, Germany, were in HEC from January 23 to February 4 to ensure that the components function smoothly with the main machine,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11950116", "title": "Railways to ply special trains for Amavasya Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anticipating heavy rush of passengers during the Amavasya Mela to be organised in Chitrakoot, railway administration has decided to ply special mela trains. Further, additional stoppages to some regular trains have also been given. The Amavasya Mela is scheduled to be organized from February 20 to 23.Public relations officer of North Central Railway Manzar Karrar informs that train number 54159/54160 Jhansi-Banda passenger has been extended up to Chitrakoot. A special train would also be plied between Jhansi and Chitrakoot. Train number 11107/11108 Bundelkhand Express has been given additional stoppages at Bahilpurwa, Shivrampur, Badausa, Khairar and Ranipur Road stations for about two minutes. Train number 12189/12190 Jabalpur-Nizamuddin Mahakaushal Express has been given stoppages at the stations of Shivrampur, Bharatkoop and Kurhand stations for about two minutes.In addition to this, train number 22447/22448 Khajuraho-Nizamuddin Link Express has been given temporary stoppage of about two minutes at Domra station.The railway administration has also decided that in view of the track repairing work, train number 14209/14210 Lucknow-Vindhyachal Intercity Express and train number 53345/53346 Chunar-Allahabad passenger would remain partially cancelled on February 19 and 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945791", "title": "With friends like these...", "text": "Two litigants went before a high priest. After hearing the first testimony, the priest says, \"It seems that you are right.\" But after the second man speaks, the priest says, \"It seems that you are right too.\" \"How can this be?\" says the priest's wife, who has been listening to the arguments. \"How can both be right?\" \"Hmmm...,\" says the priest. \"You're right too.\"New Delhi is like that high priest, seeing merit in both Israeli and Iranian viewpoints, needing to balance interests and be friends with both, and constantly being hectored by the nagging spouse ( United States ) about its choices. There are so many angles and aspects to the current imbroglio that it will require Talmudic insight and Koranic acumen, not to speak of Christian humility and the wisdom of the Gita to navigate this one. The bottomline comes from a rather more prosaic diplomatic dictum: There are no permanent friends or enemies in geo-politics, only permanent interests.So here are the angles involving Iran, Israel, Af-Pak, China, and the Arab world that New Delhi will have to finagle its way through under the monochromatic hawk eyes of the US, which got a first-hand account of Indian compulsions when foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai recently visited Washington.The energy angle | India needs energy from every source possible; the closer, more economical, and more reliable, the better. There's no better source than Iran in all these aspects. But the US would much rather India buy from Sunni Saudi Arabia than Iran, although ramping up nuclear energy would be best for American businesses. It would prefer New Delhi ignore that Riyadh exports an even more toxic form of Islamic fundamentalism to the sub-continent than Shiite Iran, which has Persian era links to India, which in turn has a larger and more vocal Shia minority than any other country (See India's Tehran lobby).The geo-political angle | Enter Israel, former ally of Iran (they swapped oil and weapons till overtaken by bad religious pathology), current bete noire, and client state of US, which incidentally has the largest Jewish population, and money and influence, in the world. Relations between Israel and India improved dramatically under the BJP government, with sly talk of a 'HinJew' alliance, although it was the Congress government of Narasimha Rao which made the breakthrough in the early 1990s. Although New Delhi was standoffish towards Tel Aviv for decades mainly on account of the Congress party's Muslim sensitivities, Israel saved India the blushes during the Kargil war, and is today India's most significant arms supplier and technology partner, especially where it concerns combating extremism and improving agriculture. Ideally, Israel would have India disdain both Iran and Saudi Arabia, but then, Israel does not have oil.The nuclear weapons angle | The Israeli lobby in the US is all upset over India's continued dalliance with Iran. Are you nuts, they ask angrily (the exchanges are paraphrased here), why would you not oppose Iran getting its hands on nuclear weapons when they pose an existential threat to us and would endanger you too? Oh, but India has lived with this danger for long enough with our next-door neighbour, and besides what did you and your patron US do when Pakistan went nuclear? For the record, though, India is against Iran going nuclear - or anyone else for that matter. It has also voted with the US against Iran at the IAEA and repeatedly told Washington during Mathai's visit that its import of Iranian oil was steadily decreasing.The China/Af-Pak angle | But here's the catch, as Indian officials have explained to US interlocutors: If India ditches Iranian energy supplies, that leaves the field open to the Chinese, who, as a P5 (permanent UN Security Council) member can defy sanctions more easily. This undermines the strategic objective of the US to have India as a counterweight to China. Besides, if Washington wants New Delhi to play a key role in Kabul post-US drawdown, India's best access to landlocked Afghanistan is through Iranian ports, since Pakistan will not allow unhindered passage through land. India and Iran are on the same side in Afghanistan (anti-Taliban), al though Washington believes Tehran is also secretly supporting forces inimical to American presence there. Then of course, there is the Iran-Pakistan-India pipeline which could be an energy cor nucopia to India even if it is frowned on by the US - today. Remember, Iran was a US ally till 1977 (Pakistan and Iran joining US-led Cento drove India to Moscow ) and they could be friends again tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945206", "title": "Suspect in housewife murder case found dead", "text": "CHENNAI: A suspect in the murder of housewife L Ranjitham in Nesapakkam on November 16, 2011, was found dead on the railway track near Villivakkam three weeks ago. The death of the suspect, Sathya, 30, of Mogappair, is being investigated by the Perambur railway police.Investigation into Ranjitham's killing is still on. After the murder, \"we had grilled Sathya, among others, based on the call details collected from Ranjitham's mobile phone. He was one of the prime suspects,\" joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.Based on the information given by the Perambur railway police, police said Sathya may have jumped in front of a moving train.Sathya, who had worked as a mechanic in a foreign country, returned here and got a job in a private firm. He completed a part-time mechanical engineering course at a private college, police said. Sathya met Ranjitham online and subsequently visited her house in MGR Nagar. Later, they got into a relationship, police said.On November 16 last year, police said, Ranjitham's husband Loganathan returned home around 4.30pm and found her dead in the bedroom. The main door open and their daughter Shanmuga Priya, a Class 11 student of a private school, had not yet come home. Ranjitham's sisters, who live in Vadapalani and Saligramam, soon rushed to there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943680", "title": "Increase road safety awareness to prevent accidents: Report", "text": "PUNE: The need for prioritisation of road safety education with a focus on issues like drunk driving, driving fast, negligent and rash driving are among the 22 main recommendations highlighted in a report submitted recently to the ministry of road transport and highways. A working group on road safety education has made the suggestions that assume significance in the wake of increasing fatal accidents on the city roads and highways.\"In India, people consider it their right to use roads as per individual convenience. Citizens often don't respect laws and, thus, create hazards for themselves and other road users. For instance, two-wheeler riders vehemently refuse to wear helmets. Intense awareness activities coupled with enforcement are required to sensitise people and bring about an attitudinal change,\" the committee observed.Speaking to TOI, city-based road safety activist Chandmal Parmar, one of the members of the working group, said the report has in all made 22 main recommendations, many of which are significant for Pune. \"One of the main targets for the government is to reduce by half the number of accidents and fatalities in the country by 2020,\" he said.The committee stresses the need to inculcate self-discipline among road users by way of constant reminders such as road safety slogans, mobile tones, SMSs and so on. \"Information dissemination about road safety programmes needs to be increased significantly, since most road users and managers are quite ignorant about them,\" the report said.The report said there is lack of ownership among various organisations regarding road safety education and these issues are last in the priority list of road construction and traffic management departments. \"Awareness on the subject should be a continuous process and not once-a-year event.\"The committee has urged that the traffic rule enforcement and road engineering teams need to follow the best practices from across the world. It has cited the example of how cases of drunk driving are handled in other countries, instead of letting the offenders free due to complications of third party insurance. The report has cited a best practice in the US where mothers against drunk driving often send their representatives to schools to speak to students who have attained the age where they start driving.The report recommends that a national road safety policy and supporting laws are needed to reduce by half the number of road accidents and fatalities by 2020. \"A comprehensive plan of action to bring down road accidents by involving other main aspects such as emergency care, enforcement of traffic rules and regulations and engineering (roads and vehicles) is needed.\"The committee said there is lack of coordination among various departments whose works relate to road safety issues and identified various problems associated with awareness. While the government should monitor enforcement and engineering aspects, vehicle manufacturers should stress on safer vehicle design. Education and coordination among government departments, manufacturers, police, medical personnel and road users is a must.Pointing out that there is absence of road safety councils at state or regional levels, the committee has said that support for educational activities on road safety is minimal both from the side of the government and private agencies. Absence of financial support further discourages innovations in road safety education. The committee has said that the data collection and reporting system, which at present is dodgy, needs to be strengthened for implementing good analytical solutions. About road safety awareness, accidents and fatalities, the committee has observed, \"We cannot afford to continue on a business-as-usual approach, but require concerted efforts at all levels.\"The committee has observed that there is absence of routine training programmes for traffic police and drivers, who spend maximum time on the roads. \"They are the best people to suggest or advise the government regarding road engineering or traffic enforcement as they are regular witnesses to incidents on roads,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "11946300", "title": "SP, BSP scared of Cong: Rahul", "text": "JHANSI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi said on Saturday that SP and BSP are scared of Congress's rising clout in Uttar Pradesh. Rahul was addressing a rally in Bhognipur on Saturday. He said that in UP, for the past 22 years, elections have come and gone but the state has remained stuck where it was.\"For the past 22 years, leaders have been promising development but no change has taken place. What has changed? Have you got water, electricity?\" he asked. He said, \"When we talked to the people in villages they said that there was no employment. We brought MNREGA that gives you 100 days of employment. We do not differentiate on caste basis - everyone is given work.\"He said that when he spoke to farmers, they complained about the banks shutting doors on them. \"They (farmers) are the ones who give us food to eat. We gave them the loan waiver scheme worth Rs 60,000 crore,\" he added. Rahul said that wherever he traveled, he found people from UP working there.\"They said there are no jobs in UP. I dream of job opportunities in UP and prime minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi share this dream. We respect you and the knowledge you have,\" he said.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944974", "title": "2 burnt alive in blaze", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two men, aged 20 and 22, succumbed to burns at Government Multi-speciality Hospital in Sector 16 on Saturday.The victims were sleeping when fire broke out at their house in Sector-25 Bhaskar colony in the wee hours Saturday. Police said an electric short-circuit could have caused the fire.The victim, Sunil Kumar, 20, a scooter mechanic and Parmod Kumar, 22, were cousins and belonged to Uttar Pradesh. Police said they had an illegal power connection (kundi) at home.\"We suspect there was a short-circuit due to the illegal connection, which sparked the fire. Two fire-tenders were pressed into service to control the flames at around 2.30am, said a police official. \"It seems they died of suffocation and their bodies were burnt later,\" he added.Forensic experts collected vital clues from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945322", "title": "State fails to use", "text": "JAIPUR: Fluoride in drinking water is one of the health concerns in the state but it seems that the government here couldn't care less as it has failed to spend the money received from the Centre for controlling fluoride. At the beginning of the current financial year, the Centre had released Rs 210 lakh for five identified districts, where fluoride in water is high. These five districts are Ajmer, Tonk, Bhilwara, Jodhpur and Rajsamand. The funds were released under the national programme for prevention and control of fluorosis. But, the project is yet to take off in these districts.Director general of health services BK Tiwari wrote several times to the medical, health and family welfare department to know the progress of the project for which they had released Rs 42 lakh for each of the five districts, sources said.The Centre had transferred the money on March 28, 2011. The health department had to recruit a consultant, a lab technician and three field investigators for each of these districts. But, in three districts - Ajmer, Tonk and Bhilwara, the recruitment process has not been competed yet, sources said.\"The honourable High Court banned all the recruitment on contractual basis,\" Dr Laxman Harchandani, chief of the department, Ajmer, said.The objective of the project is to collect, assess and use the baseline survey data of flourosis of department of Phed for starting the project, comprehensive management of flourosis in selected areas and capacity-building for prevention, diagnosis and management of flourosis.The responsibility of state was programme planning, execution of programme activities, monitoring and mid- term evolution. The government mentioned that in districts like Tonk, Ajmer, Bhilwara, Jaipur, Nagaur, Sirohi and Pali around 11,900 villages are affected by fluoride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946157", "title": "Police fight all odds, stand by rape victim", "text": "KOLKATA: It looked like an impossible case. Investigation had started a week late. The forensic test didn't yield any clues apart from indicating that assault had taken place. The accused had watertight alibis. There were inconsistencies in the victim's statement. And the chief minister had herself remarked that the victim's claim was fabricated.The detectives, led by joint commissioner Damayanti Sen, stuck to the job. They were perplexed by the discrepancies in the woman's statements and the strong alibi of the accused, but the bruises on the victim's body and the conviction with which she repeated the rape charge meant there was substance in her allegations.On the other end, there was intense pressure, with chief minister Mamata Banerjee and transport minister Madan Mitra jumping the gun and terming the case fabricated when the investigation had barely started. It was only the dogged determination of Sen and her detectives that finally cracked the case.The detectives had to start from the scratch, saddled with the burden of lapses by the Park Street police that had sat over the case for days. Though the woman lodged the complaint on February 8, it was registered the next day and the forensic test was carried out on February 14. Park Street police did little till the case exploded on TV screens on February 15. The victim went public with her shocking story.That very evening, the anti-rowdy squad tracked down Lavi Gidwani, Sharafat Ali and Azhar Ali - the three names mentioned in the FIR. But officers soon found that Lavi had left India on January 1. Similarly, Sharafat and Azhar had strong alibis.At this juncture, doubts over the authenticity of the complaint crept in among some sleuths. They were faced with a dilemma: should they continue to hunt for the elusive attackers or should they grill the complainant to see if it was concocted? After all, the CM had publicly said that the woman was lying.\"When we encountered discrepancies in the victim's statement and top politicians made certain statements, we did dither. But the one thing that brought us back on track repeatedly was the conviction with which the victim stuck to the charges. We finally took her to the spot at night to reconstruct the incident. She did not differ from her previous account. That made us confident that the crime had occurred. Thereafter, we got cracking from every possible angle,\" recounted an investigator.Senior officers, including Sen and DC DD (Special) Muralidhar spent hours in the police headquarters with the victim and her family members, coaxing as much detail as they could. \"She was traumatized and initially skipped details that appeared minor but later proved crucial,\" said an investigator. Sen and Muralidhar stayed back at the HQ till the wee hours working on the case. Anti-rowdy squad officers from other units were also roped in.It was during one of several reconstruction attempts that the victim suddenly remembered that one of the men had initially introduced himself as Rehman Khan and later claimed he was Lavi Gidwani. It was this recollection that led the cops on to the impersonation angle.Accordingly police started speaking to the bouncers, other employees of the night club and a few regulars at the club. From them, they got a sketchy picture of a group of youths seen hanging around with the woman that night. \"The CCTV footage had only a few seconds of grainy footage. We took help of the cyber cell to improve the quality and finally got a clip showing a woman boarding a car with two youths,\" said Sen.With local sources, police identified the frequent visitors in the footage and the car, a Honda City. When they checked what cars they owned, they zeroed in on Sumit Bajaj. He has a City and his description also matched that of the accused (he has a French-cut beard, just like the victim mentioned). Detectives also found that Bajaj and some of his friends had avoided their homes for the past few days. Raids began late on Friday and Bajaj and Nishat Alam were rounded up. The car was also confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945148", "title": "Cong not keen on number game?", "text": "NAGPUR: A simple calculation shows that if the Congress-NCP manages to enlist support of all those outside the BJP-Sena-RPI alliance, it has a theoretical chance of staking claim to power in the NMC. The saffron alliance, having won 68 seats, is five short from the magic figure of 73.The Congress-NCP, with a tally of 47, on the other hand, is 26 shy of that mark. But a glance though the candidates' list shows that if 12 BSP, at least eight of the 10 independents, two each Bharip-BMS and IUML, 1 Lokbharti and one BREM candidates support the alliance, it can stop the saffron juggernaut in its tracks.However, it appears that the Congress is doing little to pursue the idea. \"May be our senior leaders can initiate talks to enlist support from such varied groups,\" said city Congress president JP Gupta.City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar agreed that the numbers game was too tough and working out a working majority would involve meeting big demands from those offering support. \"We are looking into all aspects of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948021", "title": "Kebe Tame Nahan Kebe Mun Nahin's premiere show", "text": "Director Chakradhar Sahu's movie \"Kebe Tame Nahan Kebe Mun Nahin\" hit the silver screen this Friday.Actor Sabyasachi Mishra, Archita Sahoo and Manoj Mishra, along with other cast members, were present at a city movie hall for its premiere show. Interestingly, Sahu is the producer, script-writer as well as the director of the movie. The music for the film has been composed by Vikas Das, while Subas Sahoo from Mumbai is the sound engineer.\"I had given enough time to this venture to make it at par with other vernacular movies. Taking the present state of the Odia film-industry into consideration, my entire team and I put our in our best efforts to make a film that the audience will enjoy thoroughly. It is a masala movie and has all the elements that the audience wants. I hope this film is appreciated by everyone,\" said Chakradhar Sahu.Quite to the delight of the cast and crew, the premiere witnessed a packed hall. Shedding his image of a lover boy, Sabyasachi has turned into an action hero in this movie. The film also features Tatwaprakash Satpathy alias Papu Pom Pom.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946171", "title": "Doctors transplant 'brain dead' patient's kidneys, two lives saved", "text": "KOLKATA: A government-appointed medical board functioned promptly and efficiently over the last couple of days to certify a patient admitted at a private hospital brain dead. Doctors of a private and government hospitals followed it up with unmatched proficiency to inject life into two dying patients by transplanting kidneys extracted from the \"brain dead\" patient.The patient, who was on ventilator to keep the organs functional, was then transported to a government hospital, where doctors operated on him, extracted his kidneys and transplanted them on two patients suffering from critical renal failure.The sequence of events that spanned the whole of Friday and spilled over to the wee hours of Saturday marked the first case of deceased donor organ transplant. It was also the first time that the \"brain dead\" committee was convened. And it also marked a unique instance of public-private partnership where a private and a government hospital worked in unison to script a rare success story in the otherwise failing healthcare system in the state.Beyond the records though, the medical fraternity views the path-breaking operations as an opportunity to catalyze public awareness on the organ donation and curb rackets involving their illegal trade. \"I hope this is not an aberration but the first step to a movement,\" said critical care specialist Sourav Kolay, the Belle Vue Clinic doctor who recognized the opportunity, counselled the patient's family members and initiated the proceedings that led to the deceased donor organ transplant.It all began on last Sunday morning when Bimal Kumar Karmakar, an employee of the security agency hired by Belle Vue, was admitted with intra-cerebral hemorrhage to the hospital's ICU. By evening, his condition deteriorated. An MRI revealed a massive hemorrhage in the brain. After Kolay put the 52-year-old patient on ventilator, his blood pressure registered a sharp drop. Somehow, the doctor managed to stabilize his condition though Karmakar remained critical.\"When I checked the patient on Monday, he appeared to be stable as per the vital parameters. But his eyes were blank and unresponsive. There were no reflex in pupils and no movement of limbs, both symptoms when the brain does not function,\" recalled Kolay.It is some time then that the thought of transplanting the patient's organs occurred to him. Ultrasonography, urine culture and blood tests had confirmed that his vital organs-liver, heart, lungs and kidneys-were functioning normally. But the doctor was also aware of enormous challenges ahead: procedural and practical. No one had tried to get the government committee to certify a patient brain dead. And no one had been able to convince families of dying patients to donate any organ other than eyes. Nevertheless, Kolay took up the challenge.He first enquired if there was any patient awaiting a liver transplant. But with no system of maintaining a medical register, be it at the national or state level, no recipient could be contacted though doctors know there must be hundreds of them. Kolay then checked the need for kidney transplants. The nephrology department at SSKM hospital responded immediately. They had a register of critically ill patients undergoing dialysis. Two of them were ready to receive Karmakar's kidneys.\"One hurdle over, the next challenge was to get the committee to examine the patient and certify him. Here, SSKM nephrology department head Rajendra Pandey pitched in, using his office to get things moving. At my end, I broached the subject with Karmakar's brother, nephew and niece who live in Nadia. To my delight, they agreed once they realized that the act would save two lives,\" Kolay recounted.On Friday, a panel of experts arrived to check the patient. After a battery of tests over seven hours, they finally declared Karmakar brain dead. At this point, Pandey took over, transporting the patient to SSKM with the patient on ventilator. Even as he was wheeled into an operation theatre around 10pm, two renal failure patients aged 19 and 38 were being readied at two other OTs.\"It was a weird feeling to operate on a patient who was technically dead. Yet, here we were on the cusp of conducting an operation that would breathe life into two other people,\" recalled Pandey. The operation to remove the two kidneys took 45 minutes. The twin transplants took two-and-a-half hours more.By 2am, the operations were over. Nearly two dozen doctors, including nephrologists, urologists, cardiothoracic surgeons and anesthetists had played their part to perfection. Till reports last came in, both patients were stable.Pandey termed the operations a small step for his department but a huge stride for the state. \"If more people step forward and donate organs on the death bed, potentially thousands of other patients can be saved,\" the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943667", "title": "NCP workers resort to violence at Dhankawdi", "text": "PUNE: Tension gripped Katraj after irate NCP activists closed down a school, shops, staged a 'rasta roko' agitation and ransacked the Dhankawdi ward office on Saturday, irked by the defeat of NCP candidate Ajit Babar in the civic polls.Babar was defeated by MNS candidate Vasant More in panel number 76 on Friday.Senior police inspector Nagnath Wakude of the Bhartiya Vidhyapeeth police station told TOI that the part workers started protesting by saying that the elections had not been free and fair, and demanded that the assistant returning officer conduct the elections again.According to Wakude, the activists terrorised students of More Vidyalaya in Katraj village and forced officials to close down the school. \"They also forced 15 to 20 shops to close down and staged a 'rasta roko' agitation at Katraj chowk,\" he said.The activists allegedly ransacked the Dhankawdi ward office and damaged cabins, computers and notice boards. They also damaged the windscreens of two private vehicles parked outside the ward office and fled, police said.A complaint has been registered against Ajit Babar, Ramesh Babar, Lokesh Tondare, Amar Renuse, Chaya Khandare, Balasaheb Khandare, Shivaji Biramane and around 250 others under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code, Criminal Law Amendment, Damage to Public Property Act and Bombay Police Act. Tondare was later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945199", "title": "Spurned youth stabs girl to death in T Ngr", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old man was arrested on Friday night for stabbing his 18-year-old girlfriend to death in front of her house at Pathirikarai in T Nagar.Police said P Mani, a native of Perambalur who worked as a 'biriyani master' here, killed R Sangeetha, 18, allegedly because she had asked him to stay away from her. Sangeetha, a B.Sc student of the Government Arts College for Women near Anna Salai, met Mani a week ago and informed him about the decision.On Friday night, Mani went to her house and started shouting. When Sangeetha came out he sought to know why she had been avoiding him. The girl was trying to pacify him when Mani suddenly pulled out a knife and stabbed her in the chest, police said.Hearing her cries, neighbours and her family members came running. They nabbed Mani who was holding the blood-soaked knife and took Sangeetha to a private hospital where she was declared dead. The body was later sent to the government hospital in Royapettah for postmortem.Based on the information provided by her family, police said Mani met Sangeetha five years ago, when she was in class 8 at a corporation school, and fell in love. The two last met on Valentine's Day this year when the girl is said to have 'ended' the relationship.Police said Sangeetha was the daughter of Ravi, a tailor, while Mani lived and worked in the same area. Sangeetha had been working in a fancy goods shop in the locality after college hours to add to her family income, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11945587", "title": "Clear concepts, lots of practice", "text": "JAIPUR: Mathematics is all about practice, practice and practice, says Surabhi Bhargava, a Class XII student of Maharani Gayatri Devi School, who finds the subject interesting and enjoys practicing while listening to her favorite music.Like several others, maths was not always a favourite subject of Surabhi until her Class X Maths teacher taught her tricks to solve questions in a light-hearted manner. The result was 10 CGPA in Class X which strengthened her love for the subject.\"Maths is a logical subject and one step follows the other systematically. So it is important to have an absolute clarity of concepts and a systematic way of working. It requires a lot of practice. It cannot be done in just one day. So nothing should be left for the last minute,\" added Surabhi, who advised students to practice NCERT questions.She follows some rules while attempting a question paper: To keep the mind cool, write neatly, even the rough work should be done very neatly. One must take a sound sleep before the exam. Every step holds marks. Lastly, just one day before the exam, only the sample papers must be practiced.She makes sure to get thorough with the all sections. Integration and differentiation, calculus, 3D and probability carry a weightage of 80 marks in the question paper. \"I primarily focus on these sections to attain 100 score,\" she says.After solving model test papers, she analyzes her performance, which helps in improvement and time management. For every wrong answer in the model test paper, she seeks help of her class teacher. She agrees that solving model test papers for a day makes mind very exhaustive. To counter stress, she watches television or reads books of other subjects.\"My family has been a constant source of support for me. My elder sister Sweta always teases and jokes with me in order to dissipate all my tensions. My mom and grandmother pamper me by providing nutritious food to eat like juices, soup and baked vegetables,'' she says.Surabhi adds that her father reassures her time and again that whatever her performance be, he will always support her and consider her the best. \"This reduces the performance pressure,'' she admits. Surabhi plans to go on to study computer engineering and business from IIT-Mumbai and IIM-Ahmedabad. Proficiency in Mathematics always has an added advantage as it helps in solving physics and chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946540", "title": "Colour splash on ramp", "text": "Guru Nanak Girls College (GNGC), Model Town, dazzled with myriad hues as the annual fashion event - Fashion Flora-12, was celebrated on Saturday. The event witnessed an amalgamation of talent and beauty with students of the department of fashion designing sashaying the ramp in dresses they had painstakingly designed. The colourful range of dresses included formal, informal, bridal and ethnic wear that was showcased in two sessions. The first session had seven rounds and the second had 16 rounds. Principal of Christian Medical College and Hospital S M Bhatti, who was the chief guest, appreciated the students' efforts. College principal Charanjit Mahal appreciated the labour put in by students and faculty members to make the event a success. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "11946318", "title": "Mayawati trains guns at Congress, blames it for apathy in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "JHANSI: Firing a salvo at the Congress, chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati has alleged that the Congress is responsible for backwardness of UP. She wondered how the party could change the face of the state in five years, when it had done nothing during its long rule at the Centre. Most of the time, it was the Nehru-Gandhi family which had ruled the country, she said adding, \"When they could not do anything during this period, how can they develop the state in five years.\"Addressing a series of election meetings in Orai (Jalaun) and Jhansi, Mayawati blamed all the opposition parties for neglecting the Bundelkhand region. She said that the BSP government had demanded a package of Rs 80,000 crore from the Centre for all-round development of the region, but the latter did not sanction even a single paisa. In this package an amount of Rs 11,000 crore were for the construction of roads, development of health facilities and improving agriculture in Bundelkhand region, she added.\"Whatever the Congress leaders are saying about development of Bundelkhand region is nothing but a 'political drama'. This is a fact that Bundelkhand is a backward. It remained backward because the Congress party, which ruled the state for more than four decades, did nothing for its development and now its leaders are shedding crocodile tears over the plight of its inhabitants,\" she alleged. The BSP government with its meagre resources and without getting any financial assistance from the Centre tried to remove backward of Bundelkhand, she claimed.Blaming the Congress for starting 'corruption culture' in the country, the BSP chief has alleged that the maximum black money in foreign banks was that of Congress leaders.Maya shoots another letter to PM in middle of pollsLUCKNOW: The BSP has strongly reacted to the statement of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh alleging that the state (BSP) government was not paying any attention towards development of UP. Taking exceptions to the PM's statement, BSP spokesperson said.The spokesperson said that chief minister Mayawati on Saturday wrote a letter to the prime minister regarding release of Centre's share under Right to Education Act.\"It was pointed out in the letter that the ministry of Union HRD had approved Rs 9,408.05 crore as annual scheme for 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan' for 2011-12 . Out of the Centre's share is about 4,969.05 crore, but only Rs 2,452.68 crore has so far been made available to the state,\" the spokesperson informed.Centre is giving stepmotherly treatment to the BSP government in UP. \"The Centre is not making available funds to the state. The Centre's share for repair and strengthening of national highways to other states has already been released by the UPA government, but the same have not been made available to the UP government till date. Similarly, the centre has not released the amount for completing several ambitious schemes of the BSP government.\" said the spokesperson.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945419", "title": "Delhi court accepts 26/11 charges against Headley, Rana", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) was on Saturday directed by a Delhi court to produce before it, on March 13, Pakistani- American David Coleman Headley, his accomplice Tahawwur Rana, LeT founder Hafiz Saeed and 26/11 attack mastermind Zaki-ur- Rehman Lakhvi, accused of carrying out several terror attacks in India.The court also issued non-bailable warrants against Pakistan Army's Major Iqbal and Major Sameer Ali, Al-Qaeda operative Illyas Kashmiri, Headley's handler Sajid Malik and former Pakistani Army officer Abdul Rehman Hashmi.The court took cognizance of the NIA charge sheet filed against all the nine accused for their alleged roles in various terror acts in the country.The court also allow-ed the NIA's plea to request judicial help from Morocco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945069", "title": "ZGE declares support to 12 independents", "text": "PANAJI: The Zagrut Goenkarancho Ekvott (ZGE) on Saturday announced their support to 12 independent candidates in Goa for the March 3 assembly elections.Briefing the media, Prakash Bandodkar of the ZGE announced the following names. Bismarque Dias (Cumbarjua), Pradeep Sangodkar (St Andre), Eddy Tavares (Sanguem), Paul Fernandes (Saligao), Rajan Kambli (Pernem), Ashley Dias (Benaulim), Govind Gawde (Priol), Sayed Azziz (Nuvem), Ivo Coutinho (Margao), Clifton D'Souza (Velim), Joseph Gonsalves (Quepem) and John Monteiro (Cuncolim).Bandodkar said all candidates had clean records, were social workers and fought against various illegalities like hill-cutting, land-filling and other social problems in their areas. \"They have been chosen by the people to represent them in the legislative assembly and we appeal to all Goans to support them,\" Bandodkar said.Yatish Naik of the ZGE blasted the Congress government for its failure to fulfill promises it made in its assembly election manifesto in 2007. \"For example, the Congress manifesto promised to complete the Rajiv Gandhi IT habitat at Dona Paula. It was supposed to be a signature project for the Congress in memory of Rajiv Gandhi. But the man who was opposed to it has been given two Congress tickets. Also, the man got members of the youth Congress beaten up. Now the man who beat and the man who got beaten, both have been given tickets,\" Naik said.Naik said in its campaign, the ZGE candidates will not badmouth other candidates but only highlight the problems and what the ZGE-supported candidate hopes to do about the problem. \"We will set a trend to prove that elections are not fought only with money,\" Naik said.When asked what control the ZGE had over their candidates if they won and then decided to support other political parties that might need their support to form the government after the results are declared, Naik conceded that the ZGE had no control over them. \"But we believe they have a conscience and they are answerable to the people of Goa,\" Naik said.But will the candidates together extend support to any party that seeks it? Naik said the ZGE has specific demands regarding the regional plan, special package for Goa, protection of agricultural land, etc. \"We will place these demands before the party asking for our support and decide accordingly,\" Naik said.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945307", "title": "\u2018What my only son Virat achieved, no corporator could have\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Her political acumen was sharpened while watching her father at work. Her husband's political experience helped her too. But it was the death of her eight-year-old son Virat that propelled Nayna Zade to work hard and become a corporator of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation.Nayna, elected on a Congress ticket from the Ayodhya Nagar ward, said Virat's contribution towards the society cannot be matched by any corporator. Virat, a Std IV student, was crushed under his own school bus moments after alighting from it in front of his home on January 9. Nayna saw the horrific tragedy unfold before her eyes.\"People started taking note about the safety measures taken by school authorities regarding their buses. The higher authorities and even the high court took notice of the issue which would not have happened had he not sacrificed his life,\" said Nayna whose father Motiram Shinde was a sarpanch in Wardha for more than two decades.\"Just a couple of days before Virat died, I was told to begin mental preparations for fighting the election. After the incident, I was not able to work for a long period. Even then, it appeared that Virat ensured from heavens that people started approaching us on their own and begin work,\" she said.Nayna's mother Heeratai was a sarpanch for a few years. In fact, Nayna's sister-in-law Neeta Shinde too got elected in the recently concluded panchayat samiti elections at Wardha. \"It was my son who left me with the wisdom of how to serve the society and sacrifice for others,\" said Nayna, who was vice-president of Congress' city unit. A post graduate in arts, Nayna is among the few educated corporators. She now wants to work for the women, senior citizens and weaker sections.However, even victory over her nearest rival Roopali Thakur of BJP could not bring back the smile on Nayna's face. It was at the same place where the school bus' rear wheels had crushed Virat that the procession of another triumphant Congress candidate stopped to exchange pleasantries with the Zades who had to force a smile, welcoming well-wishers at home. Behind the facade of joy, Nayna and her husband Sanjay seemed to be struggling to cope up with the tumultuous grief.\"Virat did not wait to hold me back from any responsibility or devoting time in the corporation. Now, he has set me free so that I can now think for the society,\" said Nayna. The words seemed to evoke tears from Sanjay. The man, who was angry over some personal issue moments back, suddenly started weeping before he rushed out of the chair to go elsewhere. \"Now, I will try to ensure that no other women face the tragedy that I did by whatever means,\" said Nayna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945774", "title": "Congress leaders play blame game for BMC debacle", "text": "A day after the debacle of the Congress-NCP in the crucial civic elections, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre and his Mumbai counterpart Kripashankar Singh were at the receiving end for the party's dismal performance.Though there was no response from the chief minister , Thakre said it was too early to fix responsibility for the Congress-NCP front's failure to dislodge the 17-year rule of the saffron combine in the BMC. \"We will meet next week to analyze the results of not only BMC, but also elections of all corporations and zilla parishads. Then we will know the reasons for our failure to secure BMC. We plan to submit a comprehensive report to the high command next week,\" Thakre told TOI.When asked whether the decision to contest the polls jointly with the NCP was bad, Thakre said, \"It was a conscious decision. We consulted our senior leaders in New Delhi and it was felt that if communal forces are to be kept out of the BMC, it would be better if Congress and NCP joined hands to defeat the saffron combine. In my opinion, we lost owing to the split in secular votes because of the presence of SP nominees in the fray,\" he added. When asked whether Chavan , Singh and he would quit on moral grounds, Thakre said there was no reason for any of them to resign. \"We will submit our report to the high command . Let it take a decision, we will abide by it,\" he said.Congress leader and industries minister Narayan Rane has openly criticized his party for its dismal performance . \"Both Congress and NCP did not take the BMC polls seriously . There was absolutely no planning for campaign and media and above all, Congress failed to utilize the services of former CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde. I was camping out in Mumbai, but no Congress leader here asked me to campaign ,\" Rane said.Adding that the Congress defeated itself in the polls, Rane said there was no campaigning in the eastern and western suburbs. \"We gave BMC to the saffron combine on a platter,\" he said.A former chief minister said that Congress was mauled in the BMC polls owing to the over-enthusiasm and overconfidence of Chavan as well as his remarks against Sena chief Bal Thackeray. \"I am of the view that the alliance with NCP was a big blunder. From 71 seats in 2007, we have come down to 50 seats. Since NCP had no stakes in BMC, we paid a heavy decision for the wrong decision,\" he said.A city Congress office-bearer said Congress MPs and legislators were also to blame. Barring north-east , nominations in all the five parliamentary constituencies were given on basis of the recommendations made by the MPs and local legislators. \"Chavan had no personal interest in any candidate. The list of nominees were cleared only after the approval of local MPs and legislators, and as such, they should also share the blame,\" he said.In north Mumbai, represented by Sanjay Nirupam, only 11 of the 28 Congress nominees were elected, while in the north-west , represented by Gurudas Kamat, there were 31 nominees of which nine were elected. In Priya Dutt's area, of the 29 Congress nominees, only 10 were elected and in the neighbouring south central, represented by Eknath Gaikwad , only nine of the 29 Congress nominees were elected and of the winners, eight were recommended by Narayan Rane. In Milind Deora's south Mumbai area, only 10 of the 25 nominees won. In north-east , represented by NCP MP Sanjay Patil, only three of the 23 nominees were elected.\"Chavan was banking on the local MPs. Under such circumstances , it will be wrong to blame him for the debacle,\" the office-bearer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944855", "title": "Experts discuss orthopedic advancements", "text": "KANPUR: The second day of UP Orthocon-2012 witnessed lectures on orthopedic advancements and developments by renowned ortho-experts from across the world. The special lectures were based on their real life experiences. Dr S K S Marya, an orthopedic expert and permanent member of Asia Pacific Arthroplasty Society, delivered lecture on the topic 'enjoy scientific challenges'.He said that the partial knee transplant is the latest technique in bone transplant surgeries and is highly in use nowadays. \"However this type of knee or other body part surgery is totally dependent on the case. As, sometimes it's shocking but true that even an 80-year-old person responds better to the surgeries, where a 40-year-old doesn't,\" added Dr Marya. It's important to mention here that partial transplant surgeries or unique compartment knee replacements is a latest knee replacement surgery where the operation is conducted without cutting any ligament. It's cheaper from other transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11943446", "title": "Adopt lane discipline, cut down accidents", "text": "BANGALORE: What causes freak accidents in Bangalore? According to a 75-year-old resident of Malleshwaram, N Venkataswamy, lack of lane discipline causes most of the accidents. Residing in Malleshwaram since 1945, Venkataswamy recalls how smooth and disciplined the city traffic used to be years ago.He was addressing the public at Malleshwaram Citizens Forum, who met additional commissioner of police (traffic) M A Saleem in Malleshwaram traffic police station.Similar meetings were held at 38 other traffic stations. Traffic congestion, irregular diversions at Metro work sites and unruly behavior of traffic police were common topics discussed.\"When we were kids, we used to wait to see cars or charcoal buses ply. Road accidents were rare then. Now I long to see empty roads without much vehicles,\" he tells.Coming down heavily on city motorists, Venkataswamy said, \"Bangalore riders and drivers lack lane discipline. Traffic was not a problem till the 90s. Today, we can feel the rise in vehicles as well as tempers around. Even crossing Sampige Road is risky.\"Venkatesh Kumar of Rajajinagar expressed dismay over motorists who park their vehicles in no-parking zones. \"Many park on the pavements, forcing pedestrians to walk on the road. This leads to accidents,\" he said.B Shanmukappa of Mahadevapura complained that despite of deputing police, traffic near KR Puram railway station, OM Road, Ring road and roads leading to Banaswadi, Mahadevapura are clogged with vehicles.\"Huge outstation lorries park on the roadside and create traffic congestion. Autos and call centre cabs park near BMTC bus stand, forcing the bus driver to stop in the middle of the road, thus creating traffic jam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945063", "title": "GXE releases 'People's Manifesto'", "text": "MARGAO: After holding a public meeting, Goenchea Xetkarancho Ekvott (GXE) who have been at the forefront in leading agitations against several decisions of the government such as the regional plan, illegal mining, has released what they call the 'People's Manifesto' on Saturday.\"Support small farmers, tribals, fishermen, dalits, workers and landless labourers, and give them their long-denied rights, such as forest rights, tenancy rights, mundkarial rights, equal wages and rights to their structures and land resources\" , said GXE member Sidharth Karapurkar, while listing out some main points from the manifesto.Karapurkar further added that GXE has urged the public to vote for honest candidates who will be transparent in their actions, stop the destruction of Goa and displacement of Goans and uphold gram sabha decisions.Other highlights of GXE's people manifesto include the need to restructure housing to cater to the natural growth in the villages and the needs of the poorer sections of the society, discouraging speculation in land.GXE has further demanded the scrapping of the Regional Plan 2021 and creating of a new Plan as well as the stopping of acquisition of agricultural land in the state besides stopping all mining within the state of Goa to 'save our limited resources for the future generations'.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11950219", "title": "Raja Bhaiyya\u2019s fortress hit by delimitation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The famous saying -- \"Sau Padha, Ek Pratapgarha\" aptly reflects the attitude that people of this district wear up their sleeves. The literal translation of the colloquial saying mean 'one native of Pratapgarh is better than 100 educated persons'. A close look of the voting pattern reveals that people in the district are guided more by their personal choices as far as candidates are concerned rather than parties with whom they are associated. This is amply clear in the results of 2007 election, where a massive upsurge of Bahujan Samaj Party in the state failed to make any remarkable impact on the mandate of the voters.Out of the seven seats the ruling BSP could manage to win only three, while in the remaining four seats were shared between Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress, and two Independents Kunda strongman Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya and his protege Vinod Saroj.Among the three seats which went into BSP's kitty include the newly constituted Raniganj, which was earlier known as Birapur. From here Ram Shiromani Shukla of BSP trounced former state minister Shiva Kant Ojha of Samajwadi Party. The second seat which was bagged by BSP was the Sadar assembly seat where party candidate Sanjay Tiwari defeated Hari Pratap Singh of Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP). BSP leader Brijesh Mishra Saurabh brushed aside the challenge of former state minister and another heavyweight candidate Raja Ram Pandey of Samajwadi Party (SP) from Gadvara seat, now rechristened as Vishwananthganj.The assembly constituency of Kunda was retained by Independent candidate Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya who trounced Shiv Prasad Mishra Senani of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) by 53,128 votes, the highest in the 2007 election. His protege and another independent candidate, Vinod Saroj also won from Bihar assembly seat now re-christened as Babaganj after delimitation. BSP's Suresh Chandra finished as the runner-.up.Two of the remaining four seats went to BJP and Congress. Rajendra Pratap Singh alias Moti Singh of BJP won the Patti assembly seat defeating Bal Kumar Patel of SP better known as the brother of dreaded brigand Dadua, though the victory margin was barely Singh was by a slender margin of around 400 votes. Congress Legislature Party(CLP) leader retained the Rampur Khas assembly seat for a record eighth time, and set aside the challenge of Vigyat Singh of Samajwadi Party(SP) by a margin of 30,994 votes in a one-sided contest.However, this time the scenario is entirely different given the fact that many of the earlier winners have shifted constituencies, while going has become tough for Independents like Raja Bhaiyya and his associates in the wake of tough measures initiated by the Election Commission, said Vivek Upadhyaya, a resident of the district. He attributed this to several factors like rising political ambition of Raja's associates some of whom have jumped into the electoral bandwagon, while others have fielded their wives from some seats. Constituency wise the field is set as below:Ranigunj : A triangular contest between BSP, BJP and SP is on the cards as both Mansa Ahmad of BSP and Shiva Kant Ojha of SP are candidates with well established political credentials. Coupled with this the presence of BJP candidate Laxmi Narayan Pandey alias Guruji has made the contest more interesting while the Congress has fielded a comparatively lesser known candidate in the form of Ram Pal Yadav. Another point to be noted is that sitting MLA Ram Shiromani Shukla of BSP was out of the contest after being denied the ticket this time.Paatti: The seat has always remained the traditional stronghold of BJP in the light of the fact that it's candidate and sitting MLA Rajendra Pratap Singh alias Moti Singh has won the seat on several occasions in the past. This time he faces a tough challenge from Archana Tiwari of BSP, Ram Singh Patel of SP while Congress candidate Madan Singh is trying hard to make it into the contest.Sadar : Here also sitting MLA, Sanjay Tiwari of BSP faces a tough challenge from Hari Pratap Singh of BJP, Nagendra Yadav of SP and Apna Dal candidate Anis Singh alias Rinkoo Singh which has made the contest quadrangular. But Congress candidate Shyam Kishore Shukla and JD(U) candidate Brijesh Mishra are also expected to chip in with a sizeable number of votes.Vishwanathgunj : Here the contest is centred around between the BSP candidate Sindhuja Mishra, Apna Dal candidate Ejaz Ahmad and Congress candidate Anil Pratap Singh son of erstwhile ruler of Pratapgarh state Abhay Pratap Singh. Besides this former minister Raja Ram Pandey of SP and Sushil Singh of BJP are the other candidates. The seat was earlier known as Gadvara and the sitting MLA, Brijesh Mishra Saurabh is now contesting elections from Sadar seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11948070", "title": "Suicide note very important piece of evidence: Delhi court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding a suicide note to be an important piece of evidence, a Delhi court has ordered framing of charges against two Delhi Police personnel for abetting the suicide of a vegetable vendor over a money matter.\"Suicide note is an important, may be the most importance piece of evidence,\" the court said in its order while citing from a Supreme Court judgement.Additional sessions judge Surinder S Rathi said a prima facie case was made out for framing of charges under section 306 (abetment of suicide) against sub-inspector Ram Kishan, head constable Chandehass and co-accused Raju Sharma.The prosecution case was that on September 8, 2006 police received an information a man (Tilak Raj) has lost his arm at Shakur Basti Railway Station. He was rushed to hospital and was found carrying a suicide note stating that he had borrowed some money from accused Raju Sharma which he had returned back but he was pressurising him for repayment of the money with the help of two police officials namely Ram Kishan and Chandehass.The note also said that the trio be held responsible for his death.Raj, a vegetable vendor, had borrowed Rs 2.5 lakh from Sharma in year 2003 and handed over the original documents of his flat to Sharma as security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950587", "title": "I have never been a pet lover: Kratika Sengar", "text": "This happened recently on the sets of the upcoming show Punarvivaah. Actor Kratika Sengar who plays the female lead, Aarti, landed up one morning with a scratch dangerously close to her lips.The cheeky creative team and her co-actors immediately began speculating about the secret source of that scratch. While the guys gleefully ribbed her about the scratch being the result of a night of passion, the more romantic girls began to prod Kratika as to who she was dating! When all that Kratika volunteered was \"Shut up, guys! This is just a tiny l'il scratch my pet dog Donut gave me!\", the members on the set gave her disbelieving looks and asked her not to come up with such lame explanations.So, as the day went along, Kratika realized that the teasing and hooting was just not going to end unless she took some timely damage control measures. The smart cookie that she is, Kratika decided to bring along the secret source of her so-called \"hot\" scratch to the sets with her the very next day. So tagging along with her on a leash was none other than Kratika's 4 month-old cute Beagle puppy called Donut. Making a cutely dramatic entry, Kratika got everyone to do a quick huddle around her and the love of her life - Donut.Kratika told the team, \"This is to put everyone's wagging tongues to rest. The scratch near my lips that all you guys are gossiping about was given to me by none other than my darling boyfriend - Donut! Isn't he cute?\" As Kratika winked at the crew, the whole group could only go \"Awwwwwww!\" at the pretty picture she made with her pup.When poked some more about the status of her love life, Kratika revealed, \"I have never been a pet lover or really craved the idea of having dogs. But the very reason I felt the need to go in for Donut is the fact that I am now beginning to miss a boyfriend. Basically, at the moment, he is my outlet for lavishing all my affection and pampering!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11944500", "title": "Flyers hit as Kingfisher cancels flights, stops ops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kingfisher flyers across the country were in for a rough haul on Saturday as the airline abruptly suspended operations in Kolkata till February 24 - following a flash strike by unpaid employees - and cancelled flights from Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Hyderabad. Flights on some other routes, like Mumbai-Singapore, stand suspended till February 26.A Kingfisher spokesperson said the airline had operated 208 out of its daily schedule of 240 flights and that the disruption was temporary. \"There have been flight disruptions since Friday, which will continue for four days due to unexpected events, including bird strikes, which rendered aircraft out of service.On Saturday, at least eight flights from Delhi and Mumbai were cancelled, leading to chaos at the airports as most flyers were not informed of the cancellations.While chaos prevailed at airports as Kingfisher abruptly stopped operations in Kolkata and cancelled flights from several cities on Saturday, the airline said it had no intention to shut down any station.A Kingfisher spokesperson said, \"We would like to categorically state that we have not shut any stations nor do we have any intention of doing so. Admittedly, there have been flight disruptions since yesterday which will continue for four days due to unexpected events including bird strikes which rendered aircraft out of service. We, therefore, could only operate 208 daily flights.The speculative queries that we are reducing our operating schedule from 240 flights a day are ill-founded as we will operate the full schedule on our booking system within the next 4 days. There have been queries on whether we have been selling low fares. We cannot possibly understand the logic or motivation behind such a question as we, ourselves, announced that we intend focusing on the full service segment where our yields are higher. We confirm that our bank accounts were attached by the tax authorities. However, this has happened in the past not just to us but also to AI.\"Passengers complained that they were left in the lurch as they were not informed by the airline about flight cancellations. \"The airline staff sitting across the counter was as clueless as me,\" said SK Sahadab, who was booked on a Kolkata-Bangkok flight that was cancelled. \"She just mumbled apologies and offered to try and accommodate us on an alternative flight or give a full refund. Though she mentioned the option of rescheduling to a flight after March 3, she wasn't sure if operations would resume by then.\"Delhi airport officials said several flights were being bunched and till late evening, an official figure of 16 cancellations was given out. \"There is talk of largescale cancellation shortly but we do not have word from the airline on this,\" said a source.\"The airline has routinely been cancelling six to eight flights from the capital for the past few months. Saturday saw flights being suspended to Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune, Kathmandu and Goa among other destinations.\"The airline's website did not mention any cancellations but for flights that have been suspended, it only flashed a message saying, \"no flights found\". The same message flashed for the status of cancelled flights that were to operate on Saturday.In Kolkata, all operations were suspended after a section of its employees went on a flash strike over non-payment of salaries on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944470", "title": "14 booked for Ponzi scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An offence was lodged against 14 people at the Crime Branch here in connection with a Ponzi scam that has surfaced in the city. Investors lost over Rs 50 lakh in the scam conducted under the name of KPS Investments Ltd that also duped persons in Ahmedabad.The offence was registered against 14 people who conducted the scam in the city between March 2010 and July 2011. Money was collected in varying amounts from 'investors', who were promised handsome returns by those who ran the scheme.The accused include Shahidali Saiyed, Wasim Saiyed, Imtiazali Saiyed, Sabidali Saiyed, Mohammed Sabid Sheikh, Mohitali Saiyed, Khalid Saiyed, Imranmiyan Saiyed, Sayrabanu Saiyed, Shabinabanu Saiyed, Sabeda Saiyed, Mustufamiyan Saiyed, Shamimbanu Saiyed and Ilyas. The complainant Ikbal Mirza, a resident of Vasna Road, has stated that he along with others had invested money in the scheme after they were promised good returns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943619", "title": "Man chops off nose of former wife", "text": "JAIPUR: A man allegedly chopped off the nose of his former wife in Rajasthan's Chittorgarh district, police said on Saturday.The incident took place at Choti Sadari village in Pratapgarh district during the early hours on Saturday. The woman identified as Manju (34) was living with a man identified as Suresh Jaat (38) as husband and wife.\"At least five armed assailants, including her former husband Ganpat Lal, barged into their house and forcibly chopped off the nose of the woman and fled from the scene,\" said an investigating officer of Choti Sadari police station.Police said Manju was earlier married to Ganpat Lal under the Naata system. But a year back, she started living with Suresh as his wife without telling Ganpat Lal.Under the Naata system quite popular in the districts including Pratapgarh, Chittorgarh, Banswara, Udaipur and Jodhpur, a man can bring a girl after paying some money to her parents and starts living with her as husband and wife, according to the police.\"In this case, when Ganpat Lal found that her wife was breaching his trust, he along with half a dozen other people chopped off her nose,\" an officer said.A police team has been constituted to nab the assailants, police said adding that the woman is undergoing treatment at the government hospital in Udaipur.In an another case, an unidentified man allegedly cut off the legs of a 60-year-old woman and decamped with silver ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945076", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to campaign for party in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Trinamool Congress state general secretary John Martin D'Costa on Saturday said that TC national president Mamata Banerjee along with national leaders, including cabinet ministers, had plans to visit the state soon to campaign for the party.Speaking to media, he said, \"Things are not confirmed yet but she may visit on February 26 or 27,\" D'Costa told STOI.Claiming that TC would emerge with a majority of seats in the forthcoming elections, TC's Benaulim candidate John Fernandes said the party would capitalize on the anti-Congress and anti-family raj wave.Fernandes along with D'Costa and other Salcete candidates - Savio Coutinho (Margao), Mario Moraes (Cuncolim), Piedade Noronha (Fatorda) and Michael Beny da Costa (Velim) - expressed confidence of victory.\"I polled over 7,500 votes in the last elections and I am confident of winning the Benaulim seat this time by securing the remaining votes required. There is no question of the Congress winning the majority. Other parties will form a coalition with us to form the government,\" said John Fernandes.The other four Salcete candidates added that it may have taken time for TC to attract the attention of the Goan electorate but that they have been receiving tremendous response and that they would take up issues pertaining to Salcete like the medium of instruction issue.\"As per our manifesto , we will implement the government's decision on the medium of instruction,\" said Savio Coutinho.Responding to queries, he confirmed that he had been pressurized to withdraw from the elections but stated that even though his wife Pratima Coutinho was the state Youth Congress president, he woud \"under no circumstances whatsoever\" withdraw from the elections.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944345", "title": "Sanitary inspector attacked in Kalupur market over use of plastic bags", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sanitary inspector and his staff were assaulted in Kalupur market on Saturday morning when they started crackdown on vegetable and fruit vendors in Kalupur market. A complaint of assault was filed with Madhavpura police officials.According to investigators, when Bhagirath Joshi, a sanitary inspector with Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was conducting a raid on Kalupur market with his staff, vegetable and fruit vendors protested in the area. The vendors accused the AMC staffers of constant harassment asking them to leave. When the raid continued, a group assaulted Joshi and even threatened him with a knife.\"The two assailants have been identified as Pankaj Barot and Velaram Meghwal, vendors in the market. We rounded them up and have charged them with assault on government servant and obstructing a government servant while performing his duties,\" said a Madhavpura police official.AMC has started a drive against use of plastic or polythene bags of less than 40 microns in the city for the past three days. Dr S P Kulkarni, chief medical officer, AMC, said that while they have managed to stop over-the-counter sales of such bags, it makes inroads in the city through private contacts. \"We got to know that most polythene supply comes from factories in Halol. Thus, the crackdown was planned on hawkers. Our drive will continue against the bags,\" he said.AMC officials said that more than 100 traders have been fined for use of illegal polythene bags. The decision to ban the bags was taken as the plastic bags can't be recycled in conventional manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945349", "title": "Compounders as medical officers for polio drives!", "text": "NAGPUR: Resentment prevailed among Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC)-employed MBBS doctors after five BAMS graduates, appointed as NMC compounders, were given the charge of zonal medical officers and medical coordinators to implement the pulse polio drive for the entire year.Sources informed that the NMC health department had formed a 42-member team to conduct the pulse polio drive. The first phase of the drive will be held on February 19. A team of four - including two doctors, one health inspector and a co-ordinator - has been made responsible for each zone. \"A total of 10 doctors were selected as zonal medical officers and 10 doctors were given the responsibility of zonal co-ordiantoars. Besides this, 12 were made co-ordinators,\" a NMC official, requesting anonymity, added.Surprisingly, of the zonal medical officers selected, two - Sheetal Malkhandale and Deepankar Bhivagade - are BAMS compounders. Similarly, three other BAMS compounders Dr R B Falke, Dr G P Pawane and Dr Milind Ramteke were appointed as zonal co-ordinators.The NMC official pointed out that BAMS graduates were initially recruited as ayurvedic compounders in NMC dispensaries. But they are now acting as medical officers and have been made in charge of key posts.According to an order issued by the then medical officer PK Babar dated August 8, 2007, seven BAMS compounders were given additional charge as medical officers of the zone level ayurvedic dispensaries.Accordingly, for the polio drive Dr Sheetal Malkhandale was made medical officer-in-charge of Satranjipura zone, Deepankar Bhivgade was made in-charge of Ashi Nagar, Dr Falke was made co-ordiantor medical officer for Dhantoli, Dr Pawane (Nehru Nagar) and Dr Milind Ramteke (Satranjipura).12 woman medical officers have been appointed as health officers. They were given the responsibilities for immunisation drives, family planning operations etc, carried out under the national health mission programmes. But while appointing co-ordinators for pulse polio drives, these medical officers were ignored, the officer informed.Political backing and corruption is said to be the root cause behind these appointments. \"Selections should be made as per hierarchy and merit. Experienced doctors were sidelined to let juniors run the show,\" the officer added.Dr Shyam Shende, in-charge of immunization drive, clarified, \"A person with BAMS suits the requirements for medical officers in ayurvedic dispensaries. They may have joined as compounders but are qualified to handle additional charge as MO when required.\" He also claimed that the proposal for promotions is pending with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11943504", "title": "State fails to utilise funds meant for controlling fluoride in water", "text": "JAIPUR: Fluoride in drinking water is one of the health concerns in the state but it seems that the government here couldn't care less as it has failed to spend the money received from the Centre for controlling fluoride.At the beginning of the current financial year, the Centre had released Rs 210 lakh for five identified districts, where fluoride in water is high. These five districts are Ajmer, Tonk, Bhilwara, Jodhpur and Rajsamand. The funds were released under the national programme for prevention and control of fluorosis. But, the project is yet to take off in these districts.Director general of health services BK Tiwari wrote several times to the medical, health and family welfare department to know the progress of the project for which they had released Rs 42 lakh for each of the five districts, sources said.The Centre had transferred the money on March 28, 2011. The health department had to recruit a consultant, a lab technician and three field investigators for each of these districts. But, in three districts - Ajmer, Tonk and Bhilwara, the recruitment process has not been competed yet, sources said.\"The honourable High Court banned all the recruitment on contractual basis,\" Dr Laxman Harchandani, chief of the department, Ajmer, said.The objective of the project is to collect, assess and use the baseline survey data of flourosis of department of public health and engineering department for starting the project, comprehensive management of flourosis in selected areas and capacity-building for prevention, diagnosis and management of flourosis.The responsibility of state was programme planning, execution of programme activities, monitoring and mid- term evolution.The state, in a report on climate change to be sent to the Centre, expressed the gravity of health problems due to fluorides. The state government mentioned that in districts like Tonk, Ajmer, Bhilwara, Jaipur, Nagaur, Sirohi and Pali around 11,900 villages are affected by fluoride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945961", "title": "Victory of truth, says Congress rebel Bagga", "text": "NASHIK: Having been denied the party ticket by the Congress, Gurumit Bagga, who was an inducted corporator in the outgoing house of the Nashik Municipal Corporation, said his victory over the official candidate of the party was a \"victory of truth\".\"The wrong decision taken by the party was corrected by the public. Finally it is the victory of truth,\" Bagga, who emerged victorious from ward number 8 (B) in Panchavati division, said.The Congress had fielded Dinesh Bachhav, husband of former state minister Shobha Bachhav, against Bagga.Both Bagga and Bachhav were aspirants from ward number 8 (B) and had filed their nominations. But on the last day of withdrawal of nominations, Bagga was denied the A-B forms (through which a political party announces the official candidate and allows him to use the party symbol). Disappointed over denial of the A-B forms, Bagga had filed his nomination as an independent from the same ward. As a result, the Congress expelled him immediately on flouting the party directive.Bagga, who had earlier stood for the municipal corporation elections and lost, this time managed to come home victorious. From ward number 8 (B), he polled 3,159 votes defeating his nearest rival Sachin Dhikale of the Shiv Sena by a margin of 1,632 votes.Bachhav, who is a doctor by profession and has been practising in the area for a long period, was banking on his familiarity with the people of the area and also on the fact that his wife Shobha has been a state minister. But when it came to ballots, only 937 people voted for Bachhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944580", "title": "No Nandi awards this year too", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prestigious Nandi film awards are unlikely to take place this year also. The last time the function was held was on March 17, 2010 to give away the awards for the year 2008. It seems that the state government is showing little interest in the affairs of the film industry. This might be due to the fact that Tollywood is dominated by people who are closer to the Telugu Desam Party (TDP). The film industry too is a divided house and hardly shares any rapport with the state government. The awards for the years 2009 and 2010 were announced by the Andhra Pradesh State Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation.But the awards are yet to be given away as no function has been organised. The awards for 2011 may be announced this year. \"It is quite obvious that it is due to political reasons that the state government is showing indifference towards the film industry. The industry itself has people who are pursuing their own individual agenda and are unable to pressure the government on any issue,\" said producer Natti Kumar. Andhra Pradesh State Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation managing director B Venkatesham told STOI that efforts were being made to organize the Nandi film awards function at a suitable time.Since the presence of the chief minister is a must for giving away the awards, the FDC is waiting for chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's nod. But, since the day he took over the position, the chief minister has not found time or the inclination to spare some time to give away the awards. In 2008, while giving away the awards on March 17, former chief minister K Rosaiah had suggested that it should become a practice to give away the awards on that day itself every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944590", "title": "Six children arrested for thieving at function halls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eight persons, including six juveniles, who were posing as guests and indulging in snatching offences at various function halls in the twin cities, were arrested by the Cyberabad police on Saturday. Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said eight persons, including the six juveniles, were arrested and 70 tolas of gold and 45 tolas of silver, worth Rs 20 lakh, were recovered from them. Police said Ravi and Gajender, who hail from Madhya Pradesh, brought children from their native place and camped at in Miyapur.``The modus operandi of the gang was to send neatly dressed children to functions. They used to mingle with the crowd and pretend that they were children of the organisers. In some cases, the children, who were well trained, went to the extent of sitting next to the bride and groom. When they got an opportunity, they used to snatch chains and other valuables,'' police said. ``These children used to observe movements of relatives.Once they get a chance, they used to slip gifts into polythene covers and flee from the location. Outside the function hall, Ravi and Gajender would wait to take them away,'' police said. Till now, the culprits were involved in offences registered at seven police stations in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11946594", "title": "Lucknow team wins debate competition", "text": "LUDHIANA: A three-day gruelling British Parliamentary Debate concluded at Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE), Ferozepur Road, on Saturday.Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow, walked away with the first prize whereas the second position went to the Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University.The best speaker for the session was Ravi Shankar Jha from RMNLU Lucknow. In all, 36 teams had participated in the competition.PCTE director K N S Kang said debates are a way to encourage the students to participate in events.Unlike the regular debates the British Parliamentary Debate entails a knockout league match pattern where two teams, after taking out draws, fight each other in a nearly an hour-long debate, and the winner goes on to the final round.School gets new student councilThe new administrative body of primary students at Guru Nanak Public School, Model Town Extension, was formed in an investiture ceremony on Saturday.The ceremony began with a 'shabad' after which the students presented a Japanese dance to welcome the guests.School headmistress Harjit Kaur Dua greeted the audience and thanked the old administrative body for its dedication and hard work. She welcomed the new council and asked them to be sincere leaders.Badges were given to the new members. Former junior head boy of the school, Rann Vijay Singh Guram, was in-charge of the ceremony.School principal Mona Singh thanked everyone for sparing their valuable time and motivated the children to work hard for the progress of their institution. The ceremony came to an end with the national anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945147", "title": "Tourist falls off banana boat at Baga, dies", "text": "PANAJI: A 60-year-old tourist died after he lost his balance and fell into the sea during a banana boat ride at Baga beach on Saturday at 4pm.Pravin Kothari from Delhi had come with his family to Goa on February 16 on a holiday. \"On Saturday, four of the family members went for a banana boat ride. While taking a turn, Kothari lost balance and fell into the water,\" said Calangute police. He was taken to the Candolim primary health centre, where he was declared brought dead.The body has been preserved at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital and a postmortem will be conducted on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11944545", "title": "Make picking red sandalwood a penal offence: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Large scale smuggling of endangered red sandalwood, which grows only in Indian forests and commands a princely price in markets of China, Japan and Western countries, has forced the Supreme Court to try and save it from extinction by making its picking or uprooting from wild a penal offence under the Wildlife Protection Act.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad directed the Centre to take steps to include Red Sanders in Schedule VI of the Act, as requested by Andhra Pradesh , within six months.Till date there are only six other plant species in Schedule VI such as Beddomes' Cycad, Blue Vanda, Kuth, Ladies Slipper Orchids, Pitcher Plant and Red Vanda. Now, Red Sanders would become the seventh species to be included in the Schedule.Accepting the arguments of amicus curiae and senior advocate P S Narasimha, the court said it was giving the direction for inclusion of red sandalwood in the prohibited list since \"it is reported that nowhere in the world this species is seen, except in India and we owe an obligation to world, to safeguard this endangered species for posterity\".Red sandalwood is found only in south India, especially in Andhra Pradesh's Cuddapah and Chitoor districts that share border with Tamil Nadu. It is also known as lal chandan or rakta chandan in Hindi. The court noted that it possessed medicinal properties.On normal sandalwood, the bench said though the species was not mentioned in the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Specials (CITES) of wild flora and fauna; it was included in the Red List of the International Union for Conservation of Nature.However, it asked the Central government to consider including normal sandalwood in Schedule VI of endangered species \"considering the fact that all sandalwood growing states have stated that it faces extinction\".\"In such circumstances, rather than giving a positive direction to the Central government to include sandalwood in Schedule VI, we are inclined to give a direction to the Central government to examine the issue at length in consultation with National Board for Wildlife and take a decision within six months as to whether it is to be notified as a specific plant and be included in Schedule VI of the Act,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11945152", "title": "Goa deserves better administration: BJP", "text": "VASCO: Speaking at a political rally here, chief spokesman of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Ravi Shankar Prasad said that Goa deserves a much better administration.Prasad was speaking on Saturday on the topic 'Contemporary political situation in Goa' during a political meeting even as Manohar Parrikar was seen holding street corner meetings across Vasco and Mormugao constituencies.Prasad started the speech by referring to the major accident that occurred on Saturday afternoon, at Aldona. \"The incident underscores the lack of infrastructure and need to ensure security in Goa,\" he said.The former union minister informed that BJP is either ruling or is part of the ruling party in 9 states, ruling almost 36% of India.Referring to the family raj in Goa, where 12 seats from 40 are given to family members, Prasad added, \"Only BJP is a party where a simple worker can become a party president like Nitin Gadkari , who once used to stick BJP posters.\"Coming to the chief minister Digambar Kamat, he said, \"He is suffering from lack of decision making and his group is deeply engrossed in corruption, to the extent that there is no way out.\" Vasco candidate for BJP Carlos Almeida, said \"My priority will be developing the entire Vasco constituency first.\"Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11945731", "title": "Gadaulia-Dasaswamedh route cleared of encroachments", "text": "VARANASI: A number of makeshift shops and extensions, including signboards, were removed during anti-encroachment drive that was carried out on Gadaulia-Dasaswamedh route on Saturday.As per reports of ADM (City ) office, the Varanasi Nagar Nigam launched drive in the area to facilitate movement of devotees during upcoming Mahashivratri, falling on Monday (February 20) this year.The exercise saw a number of extensions and makeshift shops being removed with an aim to widen the road. Heavy deployment of police force was also ensured to deal with resistance by local shopkeepers on the occasion. The anti-encroachment drive also caused traffic congestion with long hours of traffic jams in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11946027", "title": "Throw garbage on road &amp; you will not be fined", "text": "RANCHI: Residents who throw garbage on the streets will not be fined for now, as a civic agency has failed to provide them with dustbins. Dissatisfied with the work of A2Z Company, which has been assigned cleanliness work and solid waste management for Ranchi, mayor Rama Khalkho convened a meeting on Saturday with the supervisors of the agency, advisers of Tetratech (that supplies manpower and machines to A2Z) and senior officials of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation to discuss means to keep the city clean.\"Many houses have not been provided with bins by the company so they do not have any option than to throw garbage outside. For the time being, fine will only be collected from hotels and hospitals,\" Khalko said. The private company had planned to provide dustbins in four lakh houses by the end of January, but the work is not yet done. When the mayor asked the company about it, the company officials replied that the work of making dustbins had been given to a company called Neelkamal who were yet to do it.The mayor has directed the RMC CEO to put up 20 hoardings at various places of the city mentioning the rules and fines imposed by the civic body. \"It is a part of the awareness campaign. People usually read hoardings and if they know the rules of the RMC, they will follow it,\" she said. Khalko has also directed the CEO to call a meeting with the residents of apartments, owners of hotels, banquet halls and hospitals to inform them about the rules of the RMC and make them aware of the benefits of proper disposal of waste within the next 20 days. The phone numbers of A2Z supervisors of every ward will be displayed on the bins and garbage carrying vehicles of respective wards. \"If the area around a person's house is not cleaned, the resident will be able to complain to the supervisor directly,\" said Khalko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11952033", "title": "Chennai corporation starts vaccination campaign; to cover five lakh children in a week", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai corporation kicked off its intensified pulse polio campaign on Sunday. The civic body plans to cover all children under five in the city. It aims to vaccinate around five lakh children in a week. From Monday, nurses along with students of corporation schools and college students will go from door to door to make sure all children are vaccinated.\"This is when student volunteers will be of most help. We will have to cover high-rise apartments and check from house to house to see that all the children have been administered the vaccine,\" said G Sheela, a zonal medical officer, at the Saidapet immunization post.The students were enthusiastic about taking part in the drive even though it was a Sunday. \"I feel like I'm doing something productive. I have also learnt a lot from the training for the campaign,\" said K Dhanasekhar, a Class 11 student of a corporation school in Saidapet.The corporation said it intended to cover 90% of all the children in the city on the first day of the drive. \"We will give priority to construction labourers as they have migrated from other places,\" said a doctor taking part in the vaccination drive in Teynampet.\"We are working hard to make sure polio is eradicated,\" said Sheela.India in 2011 recorded a full year without new polio cases and the World Health Organisation will declare the country polio-free if it maintains the record for three successive years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948238", "title": "Just chill Machcha", "text": "Chennai doesn't seem to have a single dull night. And why would it, considering this is the Valentine's month.The couples in the city are ensuring they make the most of this month for love by heading out to all the nightspots in the city. Take this one for instance. It was really hard for us to spot any singles, with couples turning up in great numbers to ensure they got to have enough 'quality time' with their better halves. Looks like Cupid has been working overtime in Chennai over the past one year, considering that the Valentine's season has brought out so many couples. With so much of romance in the air, we're not complaining either!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11947985", "title": "Be the perfect host", "text": "Be the perfect host or hostess with simple suggestions for making your next dinner party a smashing success .Inviting friends or family to your home for dinner is one of the most personal ways to express your feelings for them. Follow these easy tips so that when people you care about come over, you can entertain with flair as well as feeling.Hosting a sit-down dinner- Having the table set ahead of the guests' arrival makes them feel expected and welcome; it also saves you last-minute stress and scrambling.-If you can't set the table ahead, assemble the items you'll need in a large plastic storage bin. Include ironed linens and place cards so that, if need be, someone else can set up for you without much direction.-Place flowers on the table (and in every nook if you can) to help create a fresh, colourful ambience for your gatherings, but avoid bouquets of fragrant blooms that will overwhelm the delicious smell of the food you're serving.-If you don't have a floral centrepiece, choose something thematically linked to the occasion or to your guest's interests. A cluster of interesting collectibles, pretty non-scented candles, or even a cluster of wild mushrooms can be eyecatching.-Another striking idea for the centre of the table is to display the dessert, a selection of cheeses to be served after dinner, or even a cascade of fabulous chocolates.-No one wants to sit at a table that looks like a dinosaur dig, so as you set the table, think about the mealtime fall-out. If there will be bones, pits or shells to discard, place receptacles on the table to collect them.-Passing warm towels before dinner is served is a lovely touch. To prepare towels, moisten as many matching facecloths as you have with a mild solution of water combined with either lemon juice or rosewater. Wring out the cloths until just damp. Fold in half, roll into cylinders and arrange in a single layer in a shallow casserole dish; cover tightly.-Microwave for 40 or 50 seconds and pass one to each person using tongs. Gather the used towels on a tray before dinner is served.Hosting a buffet-A buffet is the easiest way to serve a meal to a crowd.-One way to make your buffet attractive is to drape lovely linens over risers of various heights set on the table so that the food is dramatically presented at different levels.-Also, key to hosting an elegant buffet party is to make sure that the food is replenished often so that it remains fresh and attractive.-The easiest way to set up a buffet is on a freestanding, long table so that two lines of guests can be serving themselves at once. Alternatively, a round table arranged with starters and subsequent courses set out in a clockwise pattern will work well for smaller groups.-For easy service on a buffet, ladle cold soup into juice glasses and present them in a bowl of crushed ice.-Plates should be set at the beginning of the line but incidentals such as cutlery and napkins should be the last items on the table. Glasses for wine and other beverages should be placed either on the serving tables or passed around filled with drinks once people are seated and eating.There you go, you are all set to entertain in style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943964", "title": "Sirpur Lake to get a facelift", "text": "INDORE: The Sirpur Lake is all set to get a facelift. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has prepared a plan to carry out several developmental works worth Rs 50 lakh at the lake. The tender for the work will be issued soon and work is expected to start in two weeks.As per the plan, the IMC will construct an entrance gate, three catchment areas for conserving rainwater and a permanent civic office for maintenance and of the lake and supervision of the developmental works.The civic official informed that mayor Krishnamurari Moghe had recently visited the spot. He had ordered to prepare plan for the development of the place following which few proposals were prepared for the development of the lake. The proposals have been approved by the civic body and the fund for the project has also been sanctioned.The IMC has been making plans for the development of Sirpur Lake for quite some time. A proposal for developing the lake as bird watching centre has also been sent to Bhopal. The proposal is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944657", "title": "Chamanganj all set to welcome Rahul today", "text": "KANPUR: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi would be addressing a public rally in Chamanganj locality of the city on Sunday. Locals looked excited on Friday and said they were eagerly waiting to listen to the 'Yuvraj' of Congress. Rahul will be visiting the Halim Muslim Post-Graduate College ground and address an election rally.Rahul's visit to the area would be like keeping the family tradition alive. In 1977, Indira Gandhi had also come to this college ground just after the Emergency was lifted. The locals said that in 1964, Jawaharlal Nehru, the then prime minister, had also come to the area but they could not tell the purpose of his visit.Some locals also said that Halim Muslim Inter College, founded in 1926, was at the peak of its glory when Nehru had come. The inter college was founded by Hafiz Halim Sahab, a known businessman of that time.Rizwan Hamid, a resident of Talak Mahal area, said, \"Though the awareness about getting educated has increased among Muslims, still a lot has to be done. Hundreds of Muslim youths are still not enough educated. Instead of studying, they chose picking up their small time family businesses or set up a small mechanical/repair shops. But there are even bigger problems than this. There is water shortage and power crisis in the area, and the present BSP government has not taken care of these basic needs.\"The Chamanganj locality has some 1.25 lakh people residing in it.People have been living in dingy lanes where the power cables hang quite low. Katia connections are hooked to the main power cables running through the area to steal power. Though the locals claim that they receive very less power, the fact is that power theft is rampant forcing Kesco to incur huge losses.Rafeeq Ali, an octogenarian, told TOI, \"We look forward to Rahulji for improving the fate of this area. We wish that power scene improves here so that the water shortage also ends. We are eager to welcome him and listen to what he has to say.\" The senior citizen had sheen in his eyes. He said that he had heard Indira Gandhi speaking here and this time it would be her grandson who would be addressing the people.Shedding light on other problems of Chamanganj locality, Ejaz Ahmad, another local said while chewing betel, \"This area has a problem of encroachment. The locality is already so populated and whatever portion of the road is left has been encroached. This has converted the main road into a lane where people move around like ants for the entire day. We want Rahul Gandhi to listen to our grievances and act accordingly.\"The Congress candidate from Sisamau assembly seat is Sanjeev Daryiabadi. Chamanganj falls under Sisamau assembly segment. Irfan Solanki, the legislator from Samajwadi Party, Hanuman Mishra from BJP and Mohd Wasiq of BSP are also in the election fray. Now this remains to be seen whether the charm of Rahul Gandhi will work for Sanjeev Daryiabadi when the election results would be declared on March 6.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945883", "title": "He changed name to skip life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: A proclaimed offender and alleged arms dealer has been arrested by the west district police. The accused, identified as Surjeet, had declared himself dead before a court. Three others, Vijay Parsad Yadav, Shamim and Joginder Kumar, were arrested along with Surjeet in the case. All the four were convicted for life imprisonment in the 1997 case by a local court in 2001.\"The accused Surjeet had filed an appeal in the high court, Delhi and was released on bail temporarily. However, in September 2009, his appeal was dismissed by the HC. The accused, though, did not surrender in the court and was declared a proclaimed offender in 2010. Police received information that Surjeet has changed his name to Ajay and is presently in judicial custody in Tihar Jail for another case,'' said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.During court enquiries, Surjeet stated he has been falsely implicated in this case and was not the accused in the 1997 case. On February 10 this year, the court called the I.Os of both the cases for his identification. Surjeet was identified by both the I.Os, but he still did not agree and disputed his identity.Surjeet's fingerprints were sent to the finger print bureau for comparison with his prints taken at the time of conviction in 2001. On February 12, he was produced before the court along with the report of Director of Finger Print Bureau, Delhi. Both the finger prints matched and it was established that the accused is a same person who was arrested and convicted in the 1997 case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11946079", "title": "Govt softens on terror body after Mamata snub", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: With opposition to the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) spreading like wildfire and states objecting to \"violation\" of the federal structure, the Centre on Saturday struck a reconciliatory note, saying the fight against terrorism is a shared responsibility.Speaking in Kolkata on Saturday at a function skipped by West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who has led the charge against NCTC, home minister P Chidambaram said: \"I have a responsibility to work with the states to quell terror, militancy or rebellion.\"In Delhi, information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni took a similar view, saying: \"As per my understanding , it is just an administrative decision and the central government does not want the federal system interfered with or weakened.\"With Mamata joining forces with several oppositionruled states in objecting to NCTC's powers to make arrests and seizures despite being a major partner in the ruling alliance at the Centre, Chidambaram was clearly not in a combative mood although he did not offer to amend NCTC's powers.Mamata is believed to have avoided the function at Badu, about 50km from Kolkata, while Chidambaram said: \"We don't distinguish between political parties when it comes to fighting crime. Most of the Naxaliteaffected states are ruled by non-Congress parties, yet we are taking on the menace jointly. We are working with all these states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949744", "title": "Had tough time learning the Tamil language: Shubha", "text": "Experimenting with live sound recording and learning the local language has proved to be quite a challenging experience for actress Shubha.Being of Punjabi origin and having studied in Bangalore, the actress, who will make her debut in the upcoming film Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakathile, directed by Narayan Nagendra Rao, admitted to having a few hiccups in getting the dialogues right in the local slang.\"It was rather tough for me to learn Tamil, and it took me over two months of practice to get the pronunciations right. The director wanting to opt for live-sound recording made it all the more difficult\", she admits.However, she credits the director, four assistant directors and co-stars in helping her pull it off in the end.\"As the saying goes, the fruit of hard labour is always sweet. With the constant guidance of the director and the team of assistant directors, I have managed to sound like a proper Tamil girl,\" she gushes.Shubha now sounds confident that she has learnt a lot more about dedication and hard work, due to live-sound recording.\"The director's insistence of having live sound recording through the film has made me learn things the hard way, but I had to put in my best in each take, and have managed to learn a lot about acting through this film\", she points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944833", "title": "Another raid, more trouble for WWICS", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police claimed confiscating many objectionable materials and illegal documents from the head office of the immigration firm WWICS in Mohali. Saturday was the fourth consecutive day of raids at WWICS, which is a leading immigration company in the region.\"We are scanning their computers and file records, which is a time consuming process. We have confiscated some documents, but I cannot divulge details yet,\" said deputy superintendent of police (CID) Anil Joshi. Earlier, police had conducted raids at WWICS Sector 22 office. WWICS was found guilty of dealing with work permit visas without obtaining a license from the Union ministry concerned.Police said they could make arrests and book the company officials under more sections on the basis of these seizures.WWICS officials, however, continued to claim their innocence. \"The services provided by WWICS are not under the ambit of and not amenable to the provisions of the Emigration Act 1983. We are working in a transparent manner since 1993 to build a trust and confidence among people,\" said an official WWICS spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11943517", "title": "Engg students' agitation intensifies in Ajmer on third day", "text": "AJMER: The agitation of Government Engineering College students over the incident of a student committing suicide after being declared fail in his IV semester exams, turned more intense on its third day on Saturday. Agitating students took out rallies with effigies of computer science HOD and principal of the college through the main streets of the city and later burnt them at the Collectorate gate.His heart-broken father, Utranchal Kumar, said, \"It would have been better if he had never opted for engineering,\" who came from Bihar for the last rites of his son.Sujeet Kumar, 21, a final year student of computer sciences, had committed suicide on Thursday. Other students alleged the attitude of college administration and Prakriti Trivedi, HOD, Computer Sciences, and MM Sharma, college principal, in particular forced him to do so.Later, agitating students, boycotting classes for the third consecutive day, sat on a dharna in front of the collector's office and demanded dismissal of Trivedi and suspension the college principal. The students also accused the faculty members of exploiting students. \"One of the faculty members, Deepak Gupta, whose wife is an insurance agent, pressurizes students to buy her policies, he threatens to fail us if we did not buy the policies, alleged Swastik Sharma (name changed on request) a 2nd year IT student.Students also said faculty members were threatening them to withdraw the agitation. Saurab Gupta (name changed), a final year student, claimed that Deepika Sharma, a faculty member, was calling him from her cell no. 9829110342 and threatening him to keep away from the agitation or else she would not let him complete his B.E. Deepika Sharma refuted the allegations saying, \"I would resign if allegations are proved true\".The agitating students said they wanted justice for Sujeet Kumar and will continue their agitation till their demands were fulfilled. \"Sujeet was my friend and a soft-spoken and cooperative boy, he has lost his life because of them,\" Ankit, a student, said.Principal MM Sharma, who arrived at Collectorate, to pacify the agitating students said, \"We have ordered an inquiry into the incident. The main problem lies with the functioning of Rajasthan Technical University, we have corresponded with them many times but nothing has improved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11943810", "title": "State facing drug inspectors\u2019 crunch", "text": "Shortage of drug inspectors has hit the state hard. Against 64 sanctioned posts, only 31 drug inspectors are working in the field in the state, making it hard for the existing inspectors to monitor pharmaceutical product in the market. In at least 23 districts, there is no drug inspector to keep a tab on the quality of medicines.Sources in the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) department said, several posts are lying vacant for years and an additional charge has been given to the officers. We definitely require more drug inspectors in the state in view of complaints about the presence of fake drugs in the market.In Indore division, posts of at least two drug inspectors are lying vacant. The vacancies have not been filled despite a rise in wholesale and retail medical shops.An FDA official said at least two drug inspectors have to be appointed immediately in the division that covers eight districts in the region.A senior drug inspector said an additional charge has been given to the officers to look after the work in Indore and Khargone district.\"The state requires at least 100 drug inspectors to effectively monitor medicine market. The department receives a large number of drug samples for testing,\" he said.\"The health department in the division has brought the problem to the notice of the state government and has asked the higher-ups to look into the matter,\" said Dr Sharad Pandit, joint director (Health), Indore division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946082", "title": "Abuse of minors on rise, experts call for more legal teeth", "text": "Delhi's penchant for crime is well known and it's not safe for kids as well - not even in the 'safe confines ' of home. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, among India's top 35 cities, Delhi headed the list of crime against children with a whopping 42.9% in 2009. A Union home ministry report almost echoes it - against the national average of two cases per one lakh population, the crime rate against children in the capital is 16. The same Crime in India 2009 report puts the number of rape of minors at 296 and incest at 11 in Delhi.Senior policemen, who have seen the city grow since the Asiad days, blame unfulfilled social aspiration. \"Children are the most vulnerable and naive. They become easy target of people who are otherwise craving for something which they cannot achieve in real life,\" said a senior officer of Delhi Police's special unit for children. \"Nithari was just the tip of the perversion iceberg . Child pornography and child sex workers attract the 'highest chunk of customers' .\"Of all heinous crimes, Delhi records 33.5% of the country's urban child rapes. Latest statistics show that in 98% of these cases, the child is abused by a person known to him. Most often, it is either the neighbour or the \"friendly chachu\" who are the accused. The fact that the city witnessed 11 cases of incest in 2011 only adds to the fear that the predator is lurking even in the bedroom .While many incidents don't even get reported, 55.3% of the registered cases were solved by police in 2011. The success rate of Delhi courts in such cases is also quite impressive - during 2009, among the big states, while Madhya Pradesh recorded a success rate of 37.7% and Maharashtra 13.6%, Delhi, with a 43.9% disposal by courts, led the chart.Activists, though, claim the figures to be completely understated . For instance, according to NCRB, there were just two cases of girls being sold into prostitution in 2009 in Delhi while the 2008 and 2007 reports did not have any case in this category. \"These figures are misleading as trafficking of girls is on the rise as the teen involved in the recent AIIMS baby case has shown. Every now and then, new cases come to light,\" said a spokesperson for HAQ: Centre for Child Rights, which is the national coordinator for the campaign against child trafficking.She asserted that the case of abuse reported from AIIMS shows that minors are growing more and more vulnerable to abuse. \"It is alarming that more and more children who are not even in their teens are being abused. We need to have a stringent law to check abuse and a system where reporting of cases of child abuse and registration of cases with the police is encouraged,\" she added.\"We also need to look into other aspects of the law, especially strengthening victim protection and witness assistance . Most laws relating to women and children do not carry any financial clause. Hence, there is none or very little investment for implementing the law,\" she said.Agreeing that cases of child abuse need greater attention, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights revealed that all cases of sexual abuse handled by it were being analyzed to do a follow-up on the victimized children. But as the police put it: \"Only a change in perspective can bring a real change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945895", "title": "Cop raped girl, jailed for 10 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: A policeman was sentenced to 10 years in jail by a Delhi court on Saturday. The convict, constable Somdev, raped the girl after falsely promising her marriage. Not only so, Somdev concealed his marriage and even faked his own death to get rid of her.Additional Sessions Judge, Bimla Kumari, jailed the 23-year-old Somdev to ten years in jail and also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000.\"Since he (Somdev) was already married, he knew well that during the subsistence of first marriage, he could not marry the victim. The promise of marriage was merely a hoax,\" ASJ Kumari said.The court held the girls' consent was not valid in law, saying that Somdev was conscious of the fact that had he not promised to marry the victim, she would have never allowed him the physical intimacy with her.Somdev came in contact with the victim in 2009. They became friends. However, Somdev started persuading her for a physical relationship to which the girl consented after he promised to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943609", "title": "Educationists stress on university bifurcation", "text": "MUMBAI: A two-day conference at National College, organized by Maharashtra State Federation of College Principals that started on Saturday, saw participation of more than 500 principals and educationists.Bhalchandra Mungekar, Rajya Sabha member and former vice-chancellor of Mumbai University, said, \"Universities that have more than 300 affiliated colleges should go in for bifurcation.\" While bifurcation of universities has been a proposal under consideration by the state, the recently submitted report on higher education in the state by a committee headed by Anil Kakodkar has also suggested bifurcation of state universities.Mungrekar said he would try to bring Kapil Sibal to Mumbai and give a platform to teachers to air their grievances. Mungekar said, \"Administration becomes difficult with more than 300 colleges. Most of the state universities have more than 650-700 affiliated colleges.\" Mumbai University has 657 affiliated colleges.The conference was held to address the problem faced by educationists in higher education: for sustainable development in the changing world.He also stressed on involving entrepreneurs in formulating universities' curricula.Topics such as increasing number of self-financed courses resulting in decreasing value of traditional courses, colleges being denied grants for professional courses, difficulties of principals in coping with the commercialized approach of modern managements of educational institutes and so on were discussed by representatives of the federation. Delegations of experts from foreign countries also presented innovative ways of teaching and learning.Principal Nandkumar Nikam, chairman of the federation, also stressed on the fact that higher education does not seem to be the priority of the state .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945661", "title": "Amma's in the kitchen", "text": "Star hotels are hiring homemakers to give desi dishes an authentic touchSeveral hotels in the city have begun to realise that the best way to give their dishes 'a mother's touch' is to, well, get her on the job. Chamundeshwari amma, Rathnam amma, Savithri maami - these are just some of the homemakers that star hotels across Tamil Nadu have hired in their south Indian specialty restaurants to give their dishes an authentic, 'homemade touch' .Around four months ago, Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers in Chennai got Rathnam amma on board for their south Indian restaurant Dakshin. Rathnam, who until a few years ago, cooked for her extended family of 15 using firewood, now spends four hours a day at the hotel, whipping up filter coffee and evening snacks for the guests. She also makes two dishes a day for the menu. \"Her coffee has become so famous that guests ask for Rathnam amma's coffee ,\" says chef Harish K. \"It's tough explaining to guests that Sundays are her days off and so they have to drink coffee made by one of us.\"And Rathnam doesn't even drink coffee. \"I just know exactly how to make it. I don't write down any proportions, I go with the gut feel,\" says the 58-yearold , diamonds sparkling in her ears. Rathnam changed the restaurant's idli batter ingredients and measurements. And chefs say that the idlis have never tasted better.At Hotel Savera, Savithri maami, a 68-year-old Brahmin homemaker, has been on contract for several years to prepare her specialty evening snacks such as adai, murukku and kozhukattai to the guests of Malgudi restaurant. \"My mother-in-law and I still go in to make the dishes,\" says Vijayalakshmi, 36, Savithri's daughter-in-law , who is learning the ropes from her.Hotels also bring in the mom-paati brigade to learn the intricacies of various cuisines. Three months ago, at Sheraton, executive chef Praveen Anand brought in homemaker Fathima Anwar to teach his team Tamil Muslim cuisine.She taught them to make thikkadi (dumplings made of rice flour and served with mutton curry), thalicha chor (ghee rice) and thalcha (a kind of mutton sambar), all typical of the Tamil Muslims who live in Madurai. \"I have been making the dishes for more than 12 years for my husband's family. So I was not nervous teaching the chef,\" says Fathima.\"We try and incorporate some of these dishes when we have special banquets,\" says chef Praveen Anand, adding that 'aachis' or older women from the Chettiyar community have guided him and his team.At the Taj Gateway Hotel in Madurai, Chamundeshwari amma still can't believe she is on the payroll of a five-star hotel after spending 37 years behind a stove at home. \"I have four grown-up children,\" says the 49-year-old . \"And they are all excited for me.\" Most of the Taj Gateway properties across the country have hired homemakers such as Chamundeshwari to create authentic, region-specific food.Chamundeshwari is at the hotel every day from 11am to 4pm, preparing all the side dishes for the thali. \"She's a hit,\" says chef Ashok Kumar . \"We brought her in because our guests demand homestyle food. After we brought her in four months ago, our guests keep asking for amma's thali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11945118", "title": "Educationists want focus on improving basic skills", "text": "CHENNAI: Educationists have called for a radical approach in teaching where the learning experience is treated like a campaign with special focus on simple goals that can be achieved in a short period. They were speaking at the release of the state-level results of the Annual Status of Education Report 2011 on Saturday.Speakers said it was time to think of strengthening early foundation of learning in Classes 1 and 2 and also called for focus on the large number of children lagging behind in critical reading, comprehension, arithmetic problem solving. These skills must be guaranteed in Classes 3, 4 and 5. Clear learning goals have to be set and focused on for each year. The measurement of progress is essential, they said.Educationists bemoaned the fact that less than 50% of children in Class I could recognize Tamil alphabets, while only 45.9% could recognize numerals from one to nine.\"The complaint earlier was about the lack of teachers in schools. But the situation has improved since last year. Still 50% of children in Classes III to V cannot read a single paragraph in their mother tongue. The situation hasn't changed over the last few years,\" said educationist V Vasanthi Devi.Field volunteers said when parents found that their children could not read or do simple subtraction they started scolding them asking what they did in class. The only way to combat this situation is for parents to keep track of their child's academic progress and hold teachers accountable for learning levels, said chancellor of VIT University G Viswanathan.Balaji Sampath, founder of NGO AID-India, said, \"It's not about Class 8 children not being able to study Newton's law of motion or quantum physics, but about some children not being able to read and count.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11948501", "title": "Three Tamil fishermen arrested by Lankan police", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Three Tamil Nadu fishermen were arrested in Sri Lankan waters on charges of smuggling narcotics, official said here today.The fishermen Manoharan, Senthil Kumar and Saravanan, hailing from Arkattuturai in Nagapattinam district were arrested yesterday by a patrolling Sri Lakan police team for allegedly straying into Sri Lankan waters.Some packets of ganja were also seized from them, the officials said, adding that the fishermen were lodged in a prison in Jaffna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944566", "title": "Civic body workers protest solid waste management pact", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bhagyanagar Municipal Employees' Union on Saturday staged a maha dharna at the GHMC headquarters demanding scrapping of the agreement with Ramky on solid waste management project. The employee unions have been opposing handing over sweeping and garbage transportation contracts to Ramky under the Integrated Solid Waste Management (ISWM) project.Speaking at the threehour-long dharna, union president A Sankar said officials were making attempts to hand over collection and transportation of garbage in East and West zones to Ramky from next month. \"When we protested over the agreement between GHMC and Ramky in 2008, the then commissioner SP Singh assured us that the agreement will be implemented only after the unions agree. Now, the corporation is making arrangements to implement it without consulting us,\" he added.The union leaders asked workers of health and sanitation wing not to work on holidays, including Sundays, and work for only eight hours. Later, the union leaders submitted a memorandum with their demands to GHMC additional commissioner (Health and Sanitation) Aleem Basha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946149", "title": "'In terms of economic fundamentals, we are fine'", "text": "Ex-RBI governor Bimal Jalan, a keen observer of the Indian economic scenario over the past few decades, tells Atul Sethi that a 7% growth rate may not be bad for a large country like IndiaDo you share the government's optimism that better times are ahead for the economy?It depends on a number of factors . There are lots of uncertainties in our situation right now. There's corruption, there's the problem of governance - it's a multi-party government, so there are different parties with different agendas and so on. But, if the political economy settles down and the government resolves to do it, there is nothing that can stop India's growth. Our savings rates are high, our investment rates are high and our corporate sector is doing very well. Our skill sets are also among the best in the world. So there's no reason why India can't grow at 7, 8 or 9% provided the political economy is put right.So you're saying the ball is essentially in the politicians' court?What I'm saying is that we must have policy priorities in the government . We can't have a drifting attitude - announcements being made and then reversed because somebody or the other opposes it. If, for example, we have decided to import coal, why don't we just go ahead and do it instead of reversing the decision or stalling it? The problem is that we have different parties with different views within the same system . These are the issues of multi-party governance that have to be sorted out. Otherwise, in terms of economic fundamentals, we are on a strong footing.What about inflation? That has always been the bane of economists. If you were in the RBI, would you have tackled it any differently from how it is being done now?I wouldn't like to comment on what I could have done or what the RBI should do. But fortunately for us, the inflation scenario has improved. That's a great advantage. Inflation rates might still be higher than what we want, but there is no severe problem like there was, say, 3 or 4 months back when prices were very high. This is a ripe time, therefore, to boost investment in the economy.Is it also a good time to push for economic reforms?I wouldn't put too much stress on reforms . I would rather put more stress on governance - on doing what you have said you will do. Accountability , responsibility and certainty should be the key factors.What about external factors like the global economic scenario?Any downturn in the global economy does have a negative impact on us, but that impact is still not as much as other countries which are much more dependent on external trade or external capital flows. For instance, even though oil prices are rising, we can still afford it. The question is, are the prices flexible domestically, so that the subsidy burden of the government doesn't increase? But that is our internal problem and not an external one.What would be your prescription to ensure growth is not decelerated, say, in the instance of a global crisis?We should accelerate public investments and reduce the revenue deficit that comes out of subsidies. We also have to depart from a populist approach and ensure that government deficits are largely on account of infrastructure investments . But then again, there are two aspects to all this. One, there is the global scenario and then there is the cyclical factor of growth. If we have been having growth rates of 8, 9 or 10 %, there will be a cooling down period for some time. Which is why the current projected rate of 7% is there.There are some who believe that a growth rate of 7% is not good enough for a developing economy like India. Do you agree?7% is not bad for a large country like ours, considering the handicaps that we have. But unless we plug the bottlenecks, sustaining the growth will be a problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11946190", "title": "11 robbers held after gunfight with cops", "text": "HOWRAH: Police on Saturday arrested 11 robbers after a brief encounter with the gang at Howrah's Uluberia Kalinagar.Trouble started with the gang breaking into 75-year-old Sailendranath Dutta's house in the wee hours of Saturday. They broke open the door and started beating up Dutta, his wife and their son Shibunath. The gang then ransacked the house, holding the family at gunpoint. They also broke open the almirah and looted cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 2 lakh.However, police rushed to the spot when locals informed them while the gang was still on the rampage. Noticing the police, the robbers divided themselves into three groups. One group tried to run towards the river side, another towards Shyampur and the last group tried to escape taking the main road upfront.However, a gang fell in front of the cops near a crematorium at Kalinagar. They fired at the police to clear their way. However, police fired back and one of the robbers, Abu Taher Laskar, got injured.The cat and mouse chase continued till the police managed to catch 11 of them. Pipeguns and bombs, along with the looted items, were seized from the gang. Police said the miscreants had come from various places of Kulpi in South 24-Parganas. Police are conducting raids to arrest the other members of the gang who managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11946556", "title": "Maoist road blockade removed in Malkangiri, easing traffic", "text": "KORAPUT: Traffic between Maoist-hit Malkangiri district and rest of the state resumed after on Saturday after BSF personnel cleared the road blockades put up suspected Maoists at Govindpally ghat road.Malkangiri had remained cut-off from rest of the state since Friday night after suspected Red rebels obstructed the only ghat road connecting the southern district with the rest of the state by felling trees. Many vehicles were stranded on either side of the highway because the blockade was put up at 9 pm. \"At present, the situation is under control and no mishap reported,\" said a police officer posted at Malkangiri.\"We suspect it to be the handiwork of Maoists. But as no Maoist poster or banner was found at the spot, it could be the handiwork of miscreants to create panic in the area,\" the officer added.Malkangiri administration has strengthened security for the fifth and the final phase of the three-tier rural polls to be held on Sunday. The polls will be for zilla parishad seats of Podia and Kudumulugumma zone-2 in the cut-off area across the Balimela reservoir. \"As both seats are in the Maoist dominated areas, we can't take a chance. Security has been stepped up for the rural poll and the securitymen have been kept on maximum alert to thwart any possible rebel attack,\" the police officer said.On Saturday, an official, Punil Bihari Sarkar (55), died at Malkangiri while undergoing treatment. Sarkar had fainted while collecting election material at Kudumulgumma block on Friday and was soon rushed to the local hospital before being shifted to Malkangiri hospital. However, collector Malkangiri Balwant Singh said, \"The official was not on election duty and was relieved by the election officer concerned after the deceased complained of chest complications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11946486", "title": "When marriages are affected by power-play", "text": "MADURAI: Erratic power cuts have made marriages costlier as most arrangements such as rituals and ceremonies are being thrown to the wind as unscheduled outages are making it difficult for them to be conducted.S Srinivasan, a bank officer who conducted the wedding of his daughter on January 28, says that though the marriage was fixed a year ago as the bridegroom was to come from Germany, they had enough time to work out the expenses. As the wedding was to be held on a grand scale, they had set aside Rs 5 lakh for the purpose. \"But, in actuality, after the ceremony was held, the expenses shot up by Rs 3 lakh mainly due to the use of generators in the hall and home because we wanted to prevent the places from plunging into darkness as most of the ceremonies and rituals were performed in the evenings,\" he said. \"I had to bear the expenses as I could not take it up with the bridegrooms' parents,\" he said.But, not everyone can afford generators, and renting these machines during the festival season can become a hard task. R Karthigadevi of Munisalai, who went to her husband's home in Athikulam, could enter the house only at the auspicious time of 6 pm. \"The lights went off when I went in and I was depressed that it might be considered a bad omen. Luckily for me, my in-laws were broadminded and my mother-in-law rushed out with a hoard of lit candles,\" she said.Her grandmother Karupayee Ammal (80) says light was something that should accompany a bride into her new home. \"Even when I was a bride at 15, I took a silver lamp that was lit even in broad daylight and we did everything during daytime. But now everything is done in the night in the name of modernisation which will only result in such incidents,\" she said.V Govindasamy, an electrician and generator operator from Thirupalai, says machines for rent are in high demand. \"We ask for Rs 1,500 as a day's rent for a one KV machine excluding the cost of diesel,\" he said. There were days when we picked up the generator from the customers' houses when free, but now we demand it as soon as the 24 hours is up because we have the next customer waiting, he said. Last year, the rent was between Rs 750 to Rs 1,000.Similarly, colourful serial lights and music systems with blaring speakers are all a part of a normal Tamil wedding. The prices of these decorations and music sets have also gone up by about Rs 1,000 due to power cuts.\"We used to demand Rs 1,000 for an ordinary music system with two speakers, but today we ask for Rs 2,000 because the marriage parties have started negotiating prices after the ceremony because we were unable to play the system for about six hours during power cuts. As a result, the customer does not pay for the whole period and we have no way of making up for lost income,\" he said. Similar is the story for coloured lights.Marriage halls have also increased their electricity charges due to the use of more powerful motors to fill up water tanks in a specified time, before power goes off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948260", "title": "Asin speaks out", "text": "There's a buzz in town that Asin will be playing the lead in the filmi adaptation of Chetan Bhagat's 2 States with Ranbir Kapoor and has also signed another film opposite Shah Rukh Khan .\"I don't talk about any of my projects until the production house makes an official announcement,\" states Asin categorically.But, is she part of 2 States or will she be doing a film with King Khan? \"As I said earlier, I don't comment on a project before the filmmakers announce it. Just because I worked with Sajid Nadiadwala doesn't mean I will do all his other films as well,\" signs off Asin, who has just wrapped up shooting for Nadiadwala's Housefull 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946197", "title": "Rivals clash in South 24-Paraganas", "text": "KOLKATA: Two rival anti-social groups clashed at Jibontala, South 24-Parganas on Friday night over the possession of some bheris in the locality. Police have, so far, arrested seven persons for their involvement in the clash. A police picket has been posted at the spot.Trouble began when two groups, allegedly belonging to rival political parties, hurled bombs and fired indiscriminately in the air. Police had initially arrested three persons, including one Golam Mollah. However, Mollah managed to escape when some locals stopped the police van and started an agitation. Clashes continued till Saturday as the police conducted more raids and arrested seven persons. However, Mollah is absconding.Local CPM and Trinamool leaders washed their hands off the incident. While CPM leadership said Trinamool's infighting led to the conflict, Trinamool leader Saibal Lahiri countered that his party had nothing to do with it. \"It is a clash between two anti-social gangs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11946432", "title": "School girl attempts suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A ninth standard girl attempted suicide by consuming poison near Madurai, allegedly unable to cope with academic pressure.Police said the girl was rushed to a hospital and is recuperating there. The 14-year-old girl, daughter of Palpandi, a watchman residing at Nachikulam was studying in the ninth standard at the Government Adidravida Welfare school in the same locality. The girl had reportedly failed to complete the homework assigned to her and feared that she would be reprimand by the teachers. Hence, she resorted to consuming pesticide in her house on Friday night. Her parents, who initially thought she was asleep, realized something was amiss only when they went closer and rushed her to a private hospital.The girl was administered first aid and then taken to the government hospital where she is now said to be out of danger. police said. \"The girl told us that she consumed poison as she failed to complete home work. If they lodge any complaint we will initiate legal action against the teachers,'' said a police officer. However, he said that the parents did not want to make it a big issue partly because they felt the teachers could not be held responsible for the act of their child. Parents have told the police that the girl was quite normal in the evening and did not even complain about being over burdening at school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11948284", "title": "'CIA shares intel information on Delhi blast'", "text": "WASHINGTON:The CIA is believed to have shared information with its Indian counterparts on the last week bomb attack in New Delhi on an Israeli diplomatic car, including on alleged Iranian links.Informed sources claimed that the Indian intelligence agencies have confirmed and corroborated the intelligence information on the bombing shared by the CIA.Told to PTI on the condition of anonymity, the sources expressed \"surprise\" that despite the alleged Iranian links, India has kept mum on it, which they claimed is mainly due to its diplomatic implications and its impact on India-Iran ties.They, however, did not comment on how credible the information is.The CIA did not respond to the e-mail sent by the PTI on this issue earlier in the day.Lisa Curtis, a former CIA analyst and now a Senior Research Fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation , says that last Monday's attack on the Israeli diplomat in New Delhi has shined an uncomfortable spotlight on Indo-Iran ties.\"If evidence revealing an Iranian hand in the attacks builds, the Indian government will have no choice but to condemn it. India would likely limit its reaction to condemnations, however, and stop short of taking other actions like expelling Iranian diplomats from the country,\" Curtis told PTI.\"India will find it increasingly challenging to balance its interest in maintaining cordial relations with Iran and avoiding tensions with the US over the Iranian nuclear stand-off as the situation intensifies,\" Curtis said, adding that there are no easy solutions for New Delhi.The US State Department , so far, has maintained that it is awaiting the results of the Indian investigations, but has observed that it would not be surprised if the attacks are traced to Iran.\"We wouldn't be surprised if the fingerprints and the trail lead back to Iran but we're not in a position to assess until the investigations of the host governments are complete,\" State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, had said Friday.Notably, soon after the attack, Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu , had blamed Iran.\"Iran is behind these attacks; it is the largest exporter of terrorism in the world,\" Netanyahu had said.\"The Government of Israel and the security services will continue to act together with local security forces against such acts of terrorism. We will continue to take strong and systematic, yet patient, action against the international terrorism that originates in Iran,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946100", "title": "Rape case cracked, 3 held", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was indeed hasty in calling the carrape claim a fabrication. On Saturday, police cracked the case, arrested three of the main suspects and even seized the car in which the woman was raped. TOI was the first to report on Saturday that the real suspects had been traced.The arrested trio - Sumit Bajaj, Nishat Alam alias Ruman Khan alias Tussi , and Naseer Ali - are affluent businessmen and regulars at the nightclub. They are habitual offenders and could have got away with such crimes earlier, say police. Bajaj and Ruman impersonated Lavi Gidwani and Azhar Ali when they introduced themselves to the victim, say police. The one who impersonated Sharafat Ali and raped the woman is yet to be arrested.The victim was overcome with emotion on Friday when told that police had rounded up the men who had assaulted her on the morning of February 6. As if the trauma of rape wasn't enough, she was also subjected to humiliating comments against her and her family by those doubting her complaint. \"I am happy that the truth has come out. I know that after this incident, a lot of women will come out and speak out on the crimes against them,\" she said.The detectives, led by joint commissioner (crime) Damayanti Sen, pulled off a near-miracle by cracking the riddle in just three days of investigation. Though the complaint was filed on February 8, it was not until February 15 that Sen and her team were put on it. They doggedly stuck to the investigation, ignoring statements from various sources - including the chief minister - casting doubts on the woman's claim. Police also refused to take the easy way out - arresting Sharafat and Azhar as a face-saver .The victim stuck to her story and Sen's team stuck by her.The breakthrough came from good old detective work and the use of technology. Police managed to retrieve the erased CCTV footage from the hotel and the nightclub. They identified the car as a Honda City and got a list of the owners of such cars who match the description of the accused. It led them to Bajaj and then Ruman.It was the reconstruction of the crime on Thursday that convinced police that the victim was telling the truth. Officers said that the woman had indeed been raped and they would get the men responsible for it.As it became clear that Sharafat and Azhar were not involved in the crime, the real accused started panicking and made a big mistake. They kept calling her with threats and offers of a payout to drop the case. This helped cops zero in on them. A huge team of investigators fanned across the city and started questioning scores of people who are active in the city's nightlife. Slowly, the pieces came together.Jigsaw pieces fall in place, finallyTwo arrested identified as Sumit Bajaj and Nishat Alam alias Ruman Khan alias Tussi. Two others identified Car, a Honda City, seized. It's being sent for forensic tests The accused impersonated Lavi Gidwani, Sharafat Ali and Azhar Ali The accused were habitual offenders and regulars at different nightspots They always took aliases of real persons of their age and appearance before committing an offence They knew Lavi Gidwani, Sharafat Ali and Azhar Ali as they went to the same gym. They also had a brawl with Lavi, Sharafat and Azhar at a nightclub a year ago", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945690", "title": "Islam Reaches Out Through Telephone", "text": "It's No Longer Necessary To Meet The Imam To Clarify Doubts About Religious And Personal Issues - They Take Calls And Answer EmailsAsma Mohammed (name changed), a third year BCom student, attends college during the day and spends her spare time reading translated interpretations of the Quran, Hadith and other sacred Islamic texts that are available on the world wide web as well as in books. \"Someday I hope to read the original Arabic version,\" she says. \"But my Arabic is poor and I must contend with English and Tamil translations.\" Mere translations, however, are not enough to understand the sayings of the Prophet. \"My mother helps me sometimes but there are many queries that she cannot clear,\" says Asma. \"Sometimes, I call up the publisher or the imam of our mosque to clarify certain passages. It is helpful as approaching them in person is awkward.\" Asma is not the only one doing so. With the advent of technology, it is no longer necessary to personally approach the imam of the local mosque to clarify doubts. Queries are often made over phone or through email. As many of them involve family issues and personal problems, the anonymity of the phone is vastly preferred to a personal tete-a-tete . This accessibility is part of the efforts of the clergy and scholars to demystify the Quran and inform Muslim society, particularly youngsters, that solutions to problems are possible without deviating from the principles of Islam and within the framework of sharia, the Islamic law.Scholar Mufti Omar Sharif, who runs a publishing house, Dar-ul-Quda , which publishes translated religious Islamic texts, gets such calls on a regular basis. \"My number is printed in all my publications,\" he says. \"In many cases, the person seeks solutions to personal problems. If it's family problems, we ask them to come over as we also provide counselling. It wouldn't do to give such advice over the phone as it may be misunderstood.\"Some queries though are trivial enough to be handled over phone. The most recent was a call to Mufti Sharif by a newly married woman who was unsure of practices in the new household. \"Her husband wanted her to move socially, accompany him to movie theatres and mingle with his friends ,\" says Mufti Sharif. \"However, she was unused to it and worried if it is alright to go to theatres. Since she was so uncomfortable, I advised her husband to opt for watching DVDs at home.\"At Ibnul Qayyim Islamic Research and Guidance Centre (IRGC) in Royappettah, a majority of callers are women. \"Telephone queries are easier for women who find it awkward to approach scholars, most of whom are male, in person,\" says Mohammed Zabeeullah Baig, secretary, IRGC. \"Their queries are largely about what is permitted by Islam during the menstrual cycle, pregnancy and lactation. Some women call up to ask if one is permitted to read the Quran during the monthly cycle. They ask if one is exempt from Ramzan fasting during their periods.\"A common query is about investment in the stock market. \"Islam prohibits charging and gaining from financial interest,\" says Maulana Shamshuddin Qasimi, chief imam of Mecca Masjid on Anna Salai. \"So Muslims think twice before investing in shares in case it's considered un-Islamic .\"Some oppose the telephonic system as they feel it gives rise to misconceptions. \"These are shortcut methods and what one gets is somebody else's interpretation of what the Quran says,\" says A Faizur Rahman, general secretary for Forum for Promotion of Moderate Thought among Muslims. \"Islam is not about conforming to a list of do's and don'ts . It is about perceiving the purpose of life by pondering over the Quran. This cannot be outsourced from a theologian sitting in a telephone exchange answering \"queries\" on Islam. Real scholars are too busy to telephonically answer queries on a daily basis.\"However, Imam Qasimi's popularity extends to foreign countries. \"I get calls and emails from Tamil Muslims living in US, UK, Malaysia, Singapore, Sri Lanka, France, Qatar, UAE, Saudi and African countries ,\" he says. \"I get about 300 calls a month. Most of them relate to prayer procedures since Islam is a practice-oriented religion. I also get several calls related to family matters, sexual intercourse and parenting. Many callers want a solution within the parameters of Islam.\"Some queries that the Imam receives are more nuanced. \"One man wanted to know why he must swear only upon Allah when it is mentioned in the Quran that Allah himself swore upon the elements of nature - sky, wind, water, earth,\" says Imam Qasimi. \"Another man who was interested in music called to find out if music is considered un-Islamic by the Quran. Although we have a website advertising our contact details, much of our reputation is derived word-of-mouth .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943558", "title": "50 seniors expected at live-in meet", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite protests and complaints, the organisers of the 'live-in relationship meet' expect that some 50 senior citizens will turn up here on Sunday.The organizers are going ahead with the first of its kind event in the state despite no concrete response for clearances from authorities. \"We have not recommended the application for hosting such event. However, if there is any 'illegal' activity we would initiate action,\" said Govindpura CSP HN Guru. \"The permission has to be granted from the administration,\" he added.\"We have applied to the district administration and the police for permission and have not received any objection to the proposed event,\" said 'Senior Citizens Live-in Relationship Sammelan' organisor Ashok Jain.The organisers are going ahead with the meet without any police protection. \"The 50-plus men and women would introduce themselves and check compatibility for seeking a partner,\" said Jain.Natu Bhai of Vina Mulya Amulya Seva (VMAS), an NGO, said, \"Once a couple is in agreement, we will facilitate the bonding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944636", "title": "Big projects in focus as NCP, Cong tie-up likely", "text": "PUNE: The fractured mandate and the much likely alliance between the NCP and Congress in the PMC has put a big question mark on major infrastructure projects in the city. Leaders of both the parties, including NCP supremo Sharad Pawar and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, had gone all out against each other, appealing to voters to give them a clear mandate so that they could comfortably plan and implement the projects.The big projects that the parties differ on include the metro rail, BRTS and biodiversity parks. It remains to be seen now how they will find a viable solution to this so that the city gets what it deserves and what has been long overdue. The NCP leaders want an underground metro for Pune at any cost \"for sustainable transport\", but Congressmen are opposed to it as \"it will cost thrice as much and result in higher train fares\". The views were expressed by the chief minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar. As far as biodiversity parks are concerned, Chavan is for 4% construction on hilltops and hillslopes as there is \"no mechanism to check encroachments\". Ajit Pawar says \"we need to protect our hills in view of global warming\".Moreover, local leaders of the two parties too are firm. When contacted, city NCP chief Vandana Chavan told TOI her party will not compromise on underground metro and BDP. Congress corporator Aba Bagulsaid, \"We will not change our stand on major projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11947567", "title": "Law Academy closed after students clash on campus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Students belonging to different organizations clashed with each other at the Law Academy, Peroorkada on Friday evening. Police have arrested 21 students, including girls, who were released on bail later. The principal has announced that the college would be closed till further notice.According to sources, tension has been prevailing in the campus after a student of fourth year LLB course raised a complaint against her classmate alleging him of attempting to outrage her modesty. The student accused is a leader of the SFI unit at the college and a district committee member of the organization.The issue turned political, after other student organizations, including KSU and ABVP took it up. The girl students of the college gheraoed the principal on Friday demanding immediate action against the accused. Meanwhile, SFI supporters took out a march against the protesters, which led to the clash. By evening, the principal lodged a complaint, following which the police made the arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945218", "title": "Drama on high seas: how \u201988 Male coup leaders were held", "text": "Operation Cactus, India's military intervention at the request of then President Gayoom of the Maldives in 1988, was a spontaneous response, swiftly executed. But who would have ever imagined that a mission to thwart a coup in the island capital of Male, would finally be accomplished more than a thousand kilometers away and turn out to be a historic mid-ocean rescue operation.After the rapid induction of an Indian Army para brigade at the airport on Hulule island, adjacent to Male, the rebel group who were Sri Lankan mercenaries of the PLOTE cadre, ran for cover and grabbing hostages from ashore, hijacked a merchant vessel, Progress Light, which was anchored in Male harbour.With its motley group of seven hostages that included a Maldivian cabinet minister and his Swiss mother-in-law, the hijacked ship raced out of Male harbour under the cover of darkness. But unknown to rebel leader Abdullah Luthufi on board Progress Light, an Indian Navy Task Force led by INS Godavari with Captain Gopalachari in command, was fast closing in.As the drama unfolded at sea, the Indian Navy operations room in Delhi was palpably tense yet privileged by the distinguished presence of then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, who was keenly following the action. The Maldivian president had personally requested that the rebels be captured and brought back to Male to face trial, so ensuring the safety of the hostages and also rounding up the rebels was certainly going to be a daunting task. This was evident from the incalculable difficulty of the mission flashed to Captain Gopalachari, the task force commander --- \"rescue the hostages and capture the rebels.\"When dawn broke on the following day, the rebels on Progress Light were startled by the presence of menacing-looking warships of the Indian Navy task force that had stealthily encircled the hijacked ship during the night. Agitated and confused, the rebels initially refused to talk and pressed on doggedly in a north-easterly direction. Their intentions were clearly to seek refuge in Sri Lanka; radio transmissions monitored by the IN warships had confirmed this.After hours of inaction at sea, a terse message from the Sri Lankan Navy came like a bombshell to the Indian Navy operations room: \"The SLN had been directed by its government to destroy the rebel ship, if it approached within 100 miles of the Sri Lankan coast.\" Our sources also confirmed that Sri Lankan Navy gunboats were manoeuvring out of Colombo harbour.The Sri Lankan ultimatum posed an operational dilemma for the Indian Navy, since the rebels were hell-bent on taking the ship to Sri Lanka. Moreover, the mandate given to the Sri Lankan Navy also had the possibility of a naval confrontation which would have ruined everything. Fortunately, camaraderie at sea remains a praiseworthy concept and with the hotline as a handy device, a tense situation was promptly defused.But time was surely running out, so the task force commander on board INS Godavari was given an immediate aim -- \"Stop Progress Light.\"Captain Gopalachari rose to the occasion and improvised on the art of coercive diplomacy. Using his linguistic skills in South Indian languages, he personally engaged the rebel group leader Abdullah Luthufi in a bout of friendly negotiations while the IN task force of Godavari, Betwa and Tir provided a convincing firepower demonstration through a well-timed action sequence.A four-inch shell shattered the foremast, ack-ack fire raked the foxle deck which knocked out the anchors and a massive undersea explosion from a helicopter-dropped depth charge sent a spine -chilling shudder through the rebel ship. Progress Light came to a deadhalt and lay motionless in the water. Before the dazed rebels realised what was happening, navy commandoes stormed on board and it was all over.\"Hostages rescued safely and rebels captured\" was the final message from INS Godavari that brought down the curtain on Operation Cactus. It may perhaps remain just a footnote in our maritime history but Maldives 1988 certainly was an operation with a difference.The writer was director of Navy Ops in 1988 and later the Navy chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11943574", "title": "'Urban' MNS now works its magic in rural pockets", "text": "MUMBAI: Raj Thackeray-led MNS might not play the kingmaker in the BMC, but the party has certainly emerged as a force to reckon with in state politics.The MNS, considered till recently as a party with \"some clout\" in a few urban pockets, expanded its base cities and made its presence felt in rural Maharashtra. It won seats in nine out of the 27 zilla parishads (ZPs). In Aurangabad, the MNS won eight out of the 60 seats and will play a crucial role in deciding on who controls the ZP. The Congress won 16 seats, the NCP 10, the Shiv Sena 17 and the BJP six.That the MNS strengthened its appeal in urban areas is evident from the fact that it registered wins in nine out of the 10 municipal corporations, bagging a total of 112 seats. In Mumbai, the MNS increased its tally from seven seats in 2007 to 28. It won 40 out of the 122 seats in Nashik, the most for any party. There's a strong possibility of an MNS candidate becoming the party's first mayor in Nashik. Raj's rise in Nashik dealt a blow to NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal , who holds considerable sway in the region.MNS won more seats than the Congress in Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). With 29 wins in Pune, the MNS has emerged as the second largest party there. The NCP managed to retain its numero uno position with 51 seats. However, it will have to garner support from others to come to power in the PMC.In Nagpur, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari once again proved that he has a stronghold on the region. The BJP retained power of the municipal corporation by winning 62 out of the 145 seats. Gadkari is keen to contest the 2014 Lok Sabha polls from Nagpur and his party's steller performance seems to have brought him closer to his goal.While the Shiv Sena looks set to lose power in the Nashik municipal corporation, it retained control of the civic bodies in Mumbai and Thane. Bahujan Samaj Party consolidated its position in the state with 25 wins in 10 civic bodies and four seats in ZPs even as most RPI factions, which had formed alliances with the Congress-NCP or the Sena-BJP combine, lost ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11944003", "title": "Traders betting big on Indore to ramp up ACs, coolers\u2019 sale", "text": "INDORE: Traders are hoping sale of ACs and coolers and other gadgets to exceed that of last year. Some traders feel that Indore region has higher sale potential due to long summer spell and comparatively shorter winter duration-the two conditions that suit the AC and cooler market. With tier II &amp; III cities coming in for greater focus to ramp up sales, traders are hopeful of making quick money.Only a prolonged spell of winter alone can upset business growth plans of the traders. After coming out with a new range of energy efficient air-conditioning solutions in the state, the Japanese premium AC major Daikin has set a target to double its market share in the state in a year's time. The company, which currently enjoys a market share of 7-8% in the state, plans to increase it to 15% by the March-end next year. Talking about it, Kanwal Jeet Jawa, managing director, Daikin India, said we would try to achieve our new target by adding new 70 channel partners in the state during the period. We are confident of achieving our goal, despite the fact that prices of AC have increased during the current year due to factors like introduction of new rating standards and depreciation of rupee, added Jawa.Nikhar Maheshwari, distributor of Voltas AC in the region, said he was looking at selling 1,600 ACs this summer against the target of 1,100 during corresponding period of the last year. But, the market for air cooler is currently down for the simple reason that the winter was yet to go. Still, I hope I will be able to sell 1,800 coolers this year against the target of 1,700 pieces that had been sold by my company in the region during the last year, added Maheshwari.Those dealing into soft drink find the region as a promising one from the point of view of doing business. Ajergroup has big plans for its flagship soft drink product Big Cola. The company plans to set up a unit in MP in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946227", "title": "\u2018Dad, buy me an iPad or else...\u2019", "text": "For counsellor Punita Singh it came as a shock when a 13-year-old asked her, \"What is the harm in losing virginity?\" A counsellor at Carmel Convent School, Chandigarh, Singh says, \"I expected such a query from 16-year-olds.\" She knows her work is cut out, with even nine- and 10-year-olds asking for advice on complex issues like relationships, aspirations and self-identity.It's to be expected. The New Age child might be sassy and smart but is also confused. Few among the current pre-teens and tweens recognize authority, but do expect instant gratification. And they cannot handle rejection. Counsellor Geetanjali Kumar cites a case where a class IX girl slit her wrist when her father denied her wish to wear a low-cut blouse. Likewise, psychologist Jitendra Nagpal remembers a 10-year-old boy, who smashed all the crockery at home in a rage, asking him, \"Why can't my parents, who are so rich, buy me an iPad?\"Generational gap or not, it's taking a toll on communication within families and on the child's psyche. Ameeta Wattal, principal of Springdales School, Delhi, says, \"Children approach me with relationship problems with their parents.\" Consequently, they go to teachers and counsellors on issues such as sexuality, sibling rivalry or being denied an object of desire. \"Once a class VII girl threatened suicide when her mobile was taken away,\" recalls Singh. \"She told me, 'Why can't my parents respect my privacy?' These kids are ill-equipped to handle sensitive matters.\"Both parents and counsellors have it tough because many a time, there is no precedent they can take guidance from. Rohini Broota, general secretary, Association of Indian School Counsellors and Allied Professionals, had a tough time with a class III student who spent hours getting ready for an outing. She stumped her by asking, \"Why can't I wear make-up to school if my elder sister can?\" Early \"biological changes and consciousness about body beauty muddles up a child's mind,\" feels Broota. Without guidance, children could end up being confused or angry, leading to erratic behavior and sometime even violence. Ultimately, what they are looking for might not be that mobile or car, but just a lot more attention, understanding and guidance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11977176", "title": "Budget 2012: Pranab Mukherjee holds discussions with financial regulators", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the budget, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today met financial sector regulators, including RBI Governor D Subbarao and Sebi Chairman U K Sinha, to seek their inputs for formulating proposals to boost economy and improve investment climate.\"This is a pre-budget FSDC meeting. Finance Minister heard all the regulators. Of course the RBI has responsibility both for macro-economic management and for banking regulation. The outcome of today's meeting will be reflected in the Budget,\" Subbarao told reporters here.Mukherjee will present the Budget proposals for 2012-13 in the Lok Sabha on March 16.The meeting of Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) was also attended by PFRDA Chairman Yogesh Agarwal and secretaries in the finance ministry.\"In the meeting the regulators suggested pro-investment, pro-growth and anti-inflationary measures for the Budget,\" Agarwal said.Sources said the meeting discussed the state of Indian economy and Mukherjee heard suggestions of the regulators to boost economy and improve India as an investment destination.FSDC, headed by Mukherjee, coordinates among regulators and looks at financial sector development, financial literacy, financial inclusion and macro-prudential supervision of the economy, including the functioning of large financial conglomerates.Finance Minister is expected to announce a host of measures in the Budget to improve investment climate and arrest economic slowdown.Economic growth rate in the current fiscal is estimated to decelerate to 6.9 per cent, from 8.4 per cent a year ago.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pasgawan (lakhimpur)", "code": "11945867", "title": "Lakhimpur CMO booked for clerk's murder", "text": "PASGAWAN (LAKHIMPUR): Police on Friday night registered a case of conspiracy and murder against the chief medical officer (CMO) Lakhimpur and his five subordinates in connection with the death of health department clerk Mahendra Sharma. The postmortem report has ruled out suicide . Lakhimpur district police chief Amit Chandra told TOI that the investigators were yet to establish if the case was that of suicide or murder. The FIR for conspiracy and murder, Lakhimpur police said, was lodged on the written complaint of Sharma's family.The autopsy report states the cause of death was strangulation. Taking a serious note of the contradictions between police claims and autopsy result, the state administration directed IG Lucknow range Jawed Akhtar and director , forensic science laboratory to visit the crime scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11952485", "title": "Rahul attacks Mulayam, reaches out to Muslims", "text": "KANPUR: In a scathing attack on Mulayam Singh Yadav , Rahul Gandhi on Sunday said that Samajwadi Party supremo who claims to be a leader of Muslims should tell them what he has done for the community during his three stints as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh.\"Mulayam Singh says that 'I am a leader of Muslims'. So many of our Muslim brothers are standing here. He formed government thrice in the last 22 years. You should tell me what did he do for you,\" the Congress general secretary said addressing an election rally in Muslim-dominated area of Chamanganj here.When the crowd responded with cries of \"nothing, nothing\", Rahul continued, \"So tell me what kind of leader is he. He claims to be your leader and does nothing for you\".Taking on Yadav in the issue of subquota for minorities, Rahul said, \"When Mulayam Singh was the chief minister, the media would ask him about his views on Muslim reservation, but he would remain tightlipped.\"You will be surprised to know that the state which has over 70 districts has only one Muslim District Magistrate. Now Congress has given you reservation, so Mulayam says that he would have done more.\"I want to ask him why did he not do it when he was the chief minister thrice. Had he done anything from the Muslims, the community would not have been so backward. He took your vote but did nothing for you,\" Rahul said.Accusing SP and BSP of making false promises, Rahul said, \"We will not make any promise because we believe in action. The SP and BSP leaders only make promises and do little for the development of the state.\"Vowing to change Uttar Pradesh in five years if the Congress comes to power, he said, \"I have come here to forge a relationship. I am 41 years of age and our relationship will continue for next 20-25 years\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944727", "title": "Improved strength makes women in PCMC upbeat", "text": "PUNE: Public toilets for women, an opportunity to run cab service, improved water supply and roads are some of the issues that the newly-elected women corporators in Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation plan to take up. As in the Pune municipal corporation, women have outnumbered men here. Though 50% reservations for women would have brought 64 women corporators to the house, Sena's Sulabha Ubale's win from an open category in Yamunanagar has taken the tally to 65. The total strength of the house is 128. More women in the house also mean that issues pertaining to women get priority and funding in the civic budget.Chandrakanta Sonkamble, a corporator of the Republican Party of India (Athavale), who was elected for the fifth time, said, \"Providing sufficient water and good roads besides empowering women by providing contracts of civic works to women self-help groups (SHG) are the issues. We will work together for this.\" Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale, who was elected for the second term, said, \"We will work for providing public toilets at busy places in the city and give special buses for working women. Many women go to the Hinjewadi software park for work. There were incidents of rape and harassment in some areas. So, safety of working women is on the top of our priority list. We want to encourage women to run cab service. The civic body can arrange classes imparting driving skills to women.\" Sulabha Ubale, another Sena corporator, said, \"Women corporators would work for improving water supply and cleanliness in their wards. They will also try to empower women selfhelp groups.\"The NCP has 52 women in its team of 83 corporators in the house. There are nine women corporators of Shiv Sena, six of Congress, five independents and one women corporator each of BJP, RPI (Athavale) and MNS. Rekhatai Dingorkar was the first woman corporator in the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation. She won from Mohannagar area in Chinchwad in 1986. Then she was the only woman in a house of 86 corporators. Manav Kamble, president of Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, said, \"We welcome the increasing participation of women in politics and the civic body. There will be more decorum in the house due to the presence of women. We don't expect immediate changes but things will improve gradually.\"Kamble said that most of the women corporators are first-timers so they would take at least one year to understand the functioning of the house, municipal laws and their duties and rights. So political parties should organise workshops for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11943549", "title": "Only two Great Indian Bustards remain in Sokhliya: Survey", "text": "AJMER: Recent census in the Sokhliya region of the district put the forest department in shock as only two Great Indian Bustards(GIB) still remain in the area which is the natural habitat of this bird. Bustard, a state bird, is found only in India and Sokhliya is its native place.Opening the area for mining activities made the bird abandon the region, whose number here was estimated as 72 in 1990. The number then started declining and it fell to 24 in 2004. The recently concluded census on Friday spotted just two birds here. \"Barely two birds were seen during the census and we are preparing the report,\" said Sudhir Jain, divisional forest officer.\"Our men found only two Godawan at around 6 PM on Wednesday,\" added Jain DFO, Ajmer region.The grassland of Sokhliya region kept the bird here, \"They fed on grains in nearby farmhouses and were able to survive. There was a time when large numbers of birds were seen in this area,\" said Mahendra Vikram Singh , president of Bird Conservation Society.There was a time when Arabs and Mughals used to come to Sokhliya for hunting this bird. \"Sokhliya is the natural habitat of these birds and they even stay here in the breeding season,\" added Singh. Just twenty years ago, some of the birds were spotted near Pune and some near Kota and most of them were seen in Sokhliya region of Ajmer.Since last twenty years, about 85 leases have been given to mining companies in this region, most of which are operating illegally. \"They use dynamite and explosives for blasting mines frequently. This is possibly the reason for their disappearance,\" said Bhola Rawat, former Sarpanch of a nearby village. The grasslands in 76 villages of Sokhliya are turning into deserts with debris of illegal mining.Looking to the plummeting number of these birds, four years ago, forest department made a proposal to make the area a reserve forest so as to put an end to mining and other construction activities. \"We had sent the proposal to BJP government but it was turned down,\" a retired forest official said.The mining lobby became active at that time and forced the government to turn the proposal down. \"About one thousand families are employed in the industry and it also gives revenue to the state government,\" said Radha Vallabh Maheshwari, president of Mewara state mining and merchant association.Sources say most birds went to Jaisalmer where the army control line provides them a secure place to stay, \"About forty birds were spotted in that region,\" a forest officer said. Some birds also migrated to the Bikaner region and they too went to the army reserve area. \"These birds need security, grasslands and peace. They are extinct birds and are found only in India,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "etawah (up)", "code": "11951187", "title": "My actions and not promises will show I can develop UP, says Rahul", "text": "ETAWAH (UP): Accusing the SP and BSP of betraying the people after coming to power in Uttar Pradesh, Rahul Gandhi today said he does not need to make \"false\" promises like them and his actions will show that he can bring development in the state.\"I am 41 years old...I have time. I do not need to make promises, I can show I can work for the state...,\" the Congress general secretary said while addressing an election rally here.\"You have been electing these parties to power for past 22 years. They make promises of providing electricity and water but forget it later. They (SP and BSP) will again betray you if voted to power,\" Rahul said.Asking people to vote for Congress, he pledged to make the state developed in next five years if his party comes to power.\"In the past 22 years, non-Congress governments were only involved in corruption and scams\", he alleged and asked BSP chief Mayawati and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav whether they have visited any villages in the past few years.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11944815", "title": "EC suspends school principal for avoiding poll duty", "text": "KANPUR: The Election Commission (EC) has suspended a school principal for not turning up on poll duty assigned to him. The EC has also ordered to lodge an FIR against the principal in this regard. Rakesh Kumar, principal of Bajkhera Prathmik Vidyalaya, was appointed as a 'returning officer' for polling party series-357 by the EC. The official was informed regarding his duty via block level education director, Sarsaul.According to the information provided by the EC, Rakesh Kumar was on a medical leave from December 7, 2011, without any information. Also, he declined to take the charges of returning officer and even denied to take part in the election duty. The EC has asked the basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) to lodge an FIR against Rakesh Kumar under section-134 of Public Representation Act-1951.Meanwhile, the BSA said that as many as 280 returning officers were found absent from the training sessions organised on February 15, 16 and 17. The request for adopting strict measures against all these officials was proposed by the BSA. Also, the FIR will soon be lodged against all these absentees.The BSA said, \"Nearly 70 returning officers were absent on the first day of the training session organised at Government Inter College, Chunniganj. The number of absentees reached 92 and 118 on day two and three respectively. As per the instructions from EC, an FIR will be lodged against all these absentees under section-134 of Public Representation Act-1951.\" He added that an FIR has been lodged against Rakesh Kumar and he has been put under suspension for violating EC orders.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11946049", "title": "Rao Tula Ram flyover will be shut every night until verge is ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following Thursday's accident on the Rao Tula Ram flyover that killed one person, the traffic police has decided to shut it down every night till the work on the construction of the concrete central verge is over. During this period, commuters will have to use the surface road to cross the stretch, which will especially affect those going to and coming from the IGI airport.\"We have decided that the flyover will be closed every night from midnight till 6am until the work on the central verge is completed. As the traffic flow is low during this time, the surface road will suffice for smooth facilitation of the movement on that stretch. We have also asked the road-owning agency to construct road signs at either end of the flyover, warning motorists during the day about the half-constructed central verge,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.A 28-year-old Afghan was charred to death inside his Honda City on Thursday morning after his car rammed into the half-constructed central verge, swerved towards the sound barriers at the side of the flyover, hit it and caught fire. Four others escaped with injuries.The narrow three-lane flyover was halved to facilitate two-way movement of traffic after it caused huge bottlenecks on either side underneath the flyover. Though a proper central verge was supposed to be constructed a year ago, work on the concrete central verge begun only this January. The public works department is currently placing 300 concrete jersey barriers on the 920-metre-long and nine-metre-wide single carriageway flyover to create the central verge.However, this is not a proper solution for the stretch and RITES has been roped in to conduct a survey of the Outer Ring Road and come up with long-term solutions to decongest the stretch. The Rs 59.6-crore flyover had been built as part of the Commonwealth Games projects to provide a signal-free ride from IIT to NH-8 but has only increased the traffic mess on the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11944673", "title": "\u2018Strict penalties needed to curb drunk, reckless driving\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Taking note of increased drunk driving, a working committee on road safety education has emphasised the need to target such drivers to improve their driving habits through strict enforcement of penalties.The committee has observed that a large number of accidents are caused by reckless driving. \"The number of cases of road rage has increased in the cities. Indians wish to go faster on the roads, but are slow in their work,\" the committee observed, adding that besides the fear of enforcement, formal training programmes for drivers should be included. Refresher training programmes should be a condition for the renewal of any licence to drive a heavy vehicle, the committee said. \"Drivers need to have a responsible attitude and a level of learning and skill when given the responsibility to drive.Their attitude and behaviour plays a major role in road safety. If one looks at the accident data, more than half of the accidents and more than two-thirds of deaths in the country occur on the national and state highways. Assuming that 80% of the accidents are caused due to drivers' fault, one critical and immediate issue is to reach out to all drivers, particularly heavy vehicle drivers,\" the report submitted by the committee said. Stressing that car drivers, three-wheeler and two-wheeler riders also need to be targeted in specific campaigns, the committee said that drivers need to be cautious and sensitive to all the rules and safety regulations. Safe habits need to be adopted and practiced continuously.Driver distraction and inatten-tion are also important driving safety issues. \"Billboards and artefacts on roadsides contribute greatly to distraction. Drivers cannot drive safely in unsafe conditions. Road accidents are also contributed by road conditions,design and geometry. Fatigue, reduced compliance with traffic regulations, over speeding, aggressive driving behaviour, overcrowding by pedestrians and slow moving traffic pose additional challenges,\" the committee said. Additional director-general of police (traffic) Vijay Kamble had observed at a road safety seminar held in Pune recently that laws to regulate the duties, working hours and salaries of drivers are necessary to reduce accidents.\"Drivers are unorganised as of now. There are no regulations which stipulate their working hours, their salaries and other benefits which people in the organised sector have. They are exploited by persons or agencies who appoint them and road safety is compromised in the process. In foreign countries, drivers live a decent life as they are well paid and their duty hours are fixed. Drivers need to be organised like mathadi or daily-wage workers,\" he said.He said that surveys have revealed that most drivers do not understand road signs. \"Many have visibility problems. They are also affected by some diseases,\" he said. Each district should have simulators to conduct tests for drivers who wish to get licences, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944378", "title": "City back as investors\u2019 top pick", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Tblues no longer playing spoilsport, a resurgent Hyderabad seems to be back as favourite destination of investors. The past month has seen a steady stream of big and small IT &amp; ITeS players from across the globe making a beeline for the City of Pearls with a vengeance. Top officials of biggies like Cisco, Amazon and Deloitte have been hot-footing to Hyderabad over the past month to parley with the state government on expansion plans that involve hiring thousands.If Cisco is scouting for land for ramping up its presence in the city from around 200 people to around 6,000 people over the next two years, Amazon is understood to be keen on going ahead with its 10-acre campus (currently tangled in legal problems) and taking up its Hyderabad headcount to 9,000 people from the existing 4,000. A top level delegation from Deloitte too is learnt to have met the state government late last month to talk about the possibility of ramping up its presence in the city to around 9,000 people. Facebook, which entered Hyderabad at the height of the T-movement too has acquired over 1 lakh sq ft land to fuel its expansion. Incidentally, United States' largest railroad network - Union Pacific Railroad - which is learnt to be keen on setting up back office operations in India, too is learnt to be scouting for options in Hyderabad.This even as small and mid-sized firms too are eagerly scouting for a presence in the city with a spurt in the number of players setting up shop in the city in the past few days. While the $11.6 billion turnover healthcare solutions and services major Covidien decided to put up its R&D; centre in Gachibowli area earlier this week, wireless and wired HD connectivity solutions Silicon Image is looking at its just opened Hyderabad R&D; centre for some cutting edge development work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11946146", "title": "IPRS licence must for musical soirees", "text": "KOLKATA: Delhi High Court has directed the state urban development department and Kolkata Improvement Trust(KIT) to ensure that any organization or group organizing musical soirees in state-owned halls, auditoriums and theatres owned by them must obtain prior permission to do so from the Indian Performing Right Society (IPRS). The IPRS, an authorized body under section 33 of the Copyright Act, grants permission for public musical performances in the form of a licence after the organizer pays the required licence fees.The order requires KIT and the urban development department to ensure that all organizers of musical performances furnish proof of written permission from IPRS which, in turn, is required to respond to a written request for permission from an organizer within three days. \"The guideline exists and requires all organizers of musical performances to first obtain a licence.Hall bookings are confirmed only after the organizer produces a licence,\" said Firhad Hakim, state urban development minister.It may be recalled that IPRS moved Delhi High Court after the Kolkata Music Conference was trying to stage a musical performance at Nazrul Manch in September, 2004, without obtaining permission from it. As Nazrul Manch belongs to KIT, IPRS moved court against the state government agency. The state urban development department, under which KIT functions, was also added as a second respondent to IPRS's plea.A division bench of Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice S P Garg, in their December 22, 2011 order, also directed KIT and the urban development department to frame guidelines for privately-owned theatres, auditoriums and halls hired by event managers for playing sound recordings or staging live performances \"so that the mandate of section 51 of the Copyright Act is not breached.\" Parveen Anand, counsel for IPRS, had told the court that his client was willing to render assistance in drafting necessary bye-laws, which could then be notified for enforcement in West Bengal.IPRS is the authorized body under section 33 of the Copyright Act to issue a public performance licence to any organization or individual playing music in any public place or in any commercial establishment.IPRS is a member of the Copyright Enforcement Advisory Council and protects the performing and synchronization rights of composers, songwriters and publishers. Under section 34 of the Copyright Act, IPRS has the exclusive right to issue licences for live performances.The section also grants IPRS the right to issue licences to hotels , restaurants, pubs, departmental stores, retail outlets, malls etc. for playing commercial music - recorded tracks or live music in their respective premises.IPRS moved Delhi High Court after the Kolkata Music Conference was trying to stage a musical performance at Nazrul Manch in September, 2004, without obtaining permission from it. As Nazrul Manch belongs to KIT, IPRS moved court against the state government agency as the owner of a premises where a musical performance is staged is held responsible for allowing an organization or individual to organize it without a public performance license. The state urban development department, under which KIT functions, was also added as a second respondent to IPRS's plea. Delhi HC heard the case and passed an order \"noting that territorial jurisdiction is not fatal to the jurisdiction of a court as distinct from a subject matter jurisdiction.\"The order requires KIT and the urban development department to ensure that all organizers of musical performances furnish proof of written permission from IPRS which, in turn, is required to respond to a written request for permission from an organizer within three days.\"The guideline exists and requires all organizers of musical performances to first obtain a license. Hall bookings are confirmed only after the organizer produces a license,\" said Firhad Hakim, state urban development minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "11951526", "title": "Bangladesh wants Bangla as an official UN language: Sheikh Hasina", "text": "DHAKA: Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said that Bangladesh was working to make Bangla an official UN language considering the vast number of its speakers and its rich literary heritage.Bangladesh is trying to establish Bangla as one of the official languages of the United Nations , Hasina said while inaugurating the first International Bangali Conference here.Bangla, which is spoken by at least 300 million people on the Indian subcontinent, is the national language of Bangladesh as well as the main language in West Bengal. It is also widely spoken in Assam and Tripura.At present, English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish are the six official languages at the UN.Last year, in an address to the UN General Assembly in New York, she had said, \"I earnestly appeal to you to back my proposal to declare Bangla as one of the official languages of the United Nations. Bangla is spoken by over 300 million people worldwide.\"Bangladesh parliament had passed a resolution endorsing the call in 2009, followed by West Bengal which also passed a similar resolution in the state legislature.\"Bangali, Bangla and Bangladesh are three pillars, and these are tied to a same string and complementary to each other,\" she was quoted as saying by state news agency BSS.Besides, Hasina urged the international community to extend massive support and solidarity to Bangladesh's initiative for holding the trial of war criminals for establishing truth and justice.The persons responsible for massacre , crimes against humanity and war crimes during the War of Liberation in 1971 have been put in the dock as the entire nation is obliged to three million martyrs and uncountable number of oppressed people for holding their trial, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945178", "title": "Doctor held for outraging woman's modesty, released", "text": "MARGAO: Following a complaint registered by a Swedish national at the Colva police station on Saturday, the police arrested a doctor, Rajendra Gaonkar, on charges of assault or criminal force on a woman with an intent to outrage her modesty.The Colva police said that the incident took place on Saturday afternoon and after the 25-year-old Swedish national complained, they rushed to Gaonkar's clinic and booked him under Section 354 of the IPC. Gaonkar was subsequently released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11944441", "title": "Three nabbed for duping people", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, including a woman, were arrested in separate cases for cheating gullible people either by promising jobs in Gulf countries or getting passports. Police have seized 45 passports and other certificates from them. DCP (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha, in an official release issued here, said Sameena Begum, Mohd Abdul Hameed, Mohd Muneer Chand were arrested for cheating people. Sameema Begum of Dabeerpura had promised Jalaluddin of Amberpet a salesman job in the Saudi Arabia. \"Sameema demanded Rs 55,000 to get Jalaluddin the job.However, Jalaluddin noticed that the profile of the job was different and not that of a salesman. He realised that he was duped. When he requested her to return the money, she abused him. During the investigation, we recovered five passports from her,'' Manish Kumar said. Similarly, Mohammed Muneer Chand, a resident of Malakpet, collected huge money from unemployed youth promising them jobs in the Gulf. As none of the victims were provided jobs, they lodged a complaint and Chand was arrested. In another case, Mohammed Abdul Hameed, promoter of Space Travels in Kotta-Ki-Tatti in Hussainialam, cheated one Mohammed Saidullah Khan, a resident of Chintalkunta, LB Nagar, by failing to get passports for him and his family.\"Hammed collected Rs 15,000 to get passports for Saidullah Khan, his wife and their children. After three months, he started demanding more money from Khan,'' police said. Police seized 29 Indian passports, three marriage certificates, three birth certificates, two empty transfer certificate forms from Hameed, who has been working as a travel agent for the last 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11945177", "title": "Barge capsizes in Mapa river, no casualties reported", "text": "MARGAO: A barge loaded with iron ore capsized in the river at Mapa, Panchwadi, near Sanvordem, Saturday morning. No casualties were reported as all nine crew members aboard the barge managed to get to the shore safely.Sources said that the barge named 'Jai Mata di' was carrying approximately 1,900 metric tonnes of iron ore. The barge was loaded at the Curchorem jetty and was cruising its way through the Sanvordem river on its way to the Mormugao harbour when the mishap occurred at around 11am.Low tide conditions prevailing at the time of the loading of the barge is believed to have caused damage to the barge leading to the mishap. The barge began to sink within 30 minutes of it being loaded, it is learnt. No casualties were reported as all nine crew members aboard the barge managed to get to the shore safely, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944934", "title": "Ex-DAV student awarded 2-yr RI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Saturday awarded two-year rigorous imprisonment to a former student of DAV College, Sector 10, for depositing fake currency notes of the face value of Rs 2,300, while taking admission in the college. Besides, the jail term the court has also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on the accused. The accused had done his graduation from DAV College in 2009.According to police, the accused identified as Aashish Bhateja is a resident of Sector 36. He was caught red-handed on August 21, 2009, while depositing 23 fake notes in the denomination of Rs 100. There were seven prosecution witnesses and charges were framed against him on July 7, 2010.\"College cashier Mohinder Kumar had caught Bhateja while he was submitting fees for mass communication course. These notes were hidden in a bundle of Rs 16,900. At that time, the accused told the police that someone had given him fake notes at his father's shop in Abohar town of Punjab,\" said a police official. His father is a Punjab-based financer and is running his own business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "11945306", "title": "Police foil dacoity bid, arrest three", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Police busted an inter-state gang of dacoits when they arrested three members and seized firearms from their possession in Kishanganj. They also foiled their attempt to commit a dacoity under Bahadurganj police station in Kishanganj district on Friday night.Kishanganj SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra, addressing a press conference here on Saturday, said that the dacoits __ Ainul Haq, Hamir and Muzaffar __ were wanted in connection with a dacoity bid at a jeweller's shop at Chhatragachh, some 20 km from here on January 26. They had also exploded some bombs to cover up their retreat after their dacoity bid failed. Ainul Haq and Hamir are the residents of a village under Korha police station in Katihar district. Their accomplice, Muzaffar, hails from Sahebganj in Jharkhand , the SP said.Two country-made pistols and four live cartridges were seized from them. The police arrested them even as they had hatched a plan to commit a dacoity in Bahadurganj police station area, the SP added.Kishanganj SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra said the dacoits were wanted in connection with a dacoity bid at Chhatragachh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945972", "title": "Counting over, cops take stock of violence cases", "text": "NASHIK: As many as 12 election-related criminal cases, mostly of poll violence, were reported on Friday from different parts of the city. Five offences of violence have been registered and arrests have been made in four cases. Just as the results of the elections to the NMC started trickling in on Friday, political rivals began to settle scores at various places.The Sarkarwada police have arrested seven persons for allegedly pelting stones at the house of Sujata Jadhav, a resident of Sharanpur Gaothan. Jadhav registered a complaint against Joy Uttam Kamble and six others. Jadhav alleged that around 5pm on Friday, the accused burst firecrackers outside her house during a procession to mark the victory of Uttam Kamble in the elections. The accused pelted stones at Jadhav's house, threatening her and her family members for supporting rival candidates. of supporting Suhas Kande, Gurudeo Kande and Ajum Kande contesting elections independently.The Sarkarwada police have also arrested two of the six persons accused of assaulting Harish Gangurde and his son Sushil Gangurde, residents of Godavari Nagar, Gharpure Ghat. A police case was registered by Harish Gangurde against the accused Ganesh Changle, Vaibhav Pardeshi, Abid Maniyaar, Yunus Maniyaar, Sushil Gaikwad and Amol Wagh, all from the Ashok Stambh area. Harish Gangurde's wife Chhaya contested the civic elections and lost to Devayani Pharande. During a victory procession, the accused are alleged to have burst firecrackers in front of Gangurde's house, which led to an altercation between the two groups of supporters. The six accused attempted to attack the Gangurdes with swords. This sparked violence, in which Sushil was also attacked. The police have arrested Abid Maniyaar and Amol Wagh while Ganesh Changle and Vaibhav Pardeshi are recuperating in a private hospital.Kalim Yaseen Shaikh (45), a resident of Hari Nagari, Dwarka, has file a complaint against Hanif Basheer Shaikh and six others, all residents of the Bhadrakali area. According to Kalim, who registered the complaint with the Bhadrakali police, the accused, along with six others, came to his shop at Farooq Scrap Centre, Kathada, around 4pm on Friday and ransacked the shop, because Hanif's mother, who had contested the civic elections, had lost. They also hit Kalim's son Matin on the head with a wooden log.In another case registered with the Bhadrakali police on Friday, Prabhakar Salve (35), a resident of Bhimwadi, alleged that the accused, former corporator Bhiraj Jadhav, who lost the elections, along with 12 others attacked Salve and his friends at Salve's house and pelted stones at it.Another case has been registered by an independent candidate against a Shiv Sena candidate at the Panchavati police station. Dashrath Khandve (69), father of independent candidate Ramdas, has alleged that Mahendra Bidve, who contested the elections on a Shiv Sena ticket, along with 20 of his supporters physically assaulted his family members, pelted stones at his house and even damaged his car on Friday. Khandve claimed that Bidve held his son responsible for Bidve losing the election.A complaint of persons interfering with government work has been registered by the NMC's divisional officer, Cidco, Ashok Wagh. Wagh alleged there had been interference in the counting of votes on Friday. A case has been registered against Independent candidate Suman Sonawane and her husband Waman, who allegedly damaged a computer and disturbed the election returning officer, Cidco, at the polling centre at the Raje Sambhaji Stadium.Similarly, Sunil Kothmire (42), residing in Pathardi village, has also filed a complaint with the Indira Nagar police against Bhagwan Donde and 50 others on Friday. Kothmire's wife was contesting elections independently, while Donde's wife was given party nomination by the NCP. As per the police complaint, the accused and some workers stormed Kothmire's house claiming that had Donde not contested the elections, Kothmire would have bagged more votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "calvim", "code": "11945219", "title": "Demand for Calvim-Aldona bridge grows louder", "text": "CALVIM: The worst tragedy ever witnessed by the islanders of Calvim in their living memory has prompted them to emphasize their demand for a bridge to link the small island to their mainland village of Aldona.\"If there was a bridge between Aldona and Calvim this tragedy would not have occurred,\" an islander said.The peaceful lives of around 500 residents were shattered after a mini bus plunged into the river on Saturday afternoon killing seven passengers.Following the tragedy, islanders are even more vociferous about their demand for a bridge. \"It's a demand pending since at least two decades now,\" said a resident. Jaganath Moolya, a senior resident, added, \"The bridge is an absolute necessity.\"Tension prevailed at the site while the rescue operations were in progress. The villagers started shouting slogans demanding construction of a bridge and blamed the government for not fulfilling past assurances. Even a speech-impaired person, Santosh Gaonkar from Sirigao, gesticulated in sign language that the bridge was the need of the hour.The lack of a bridge is also becoming an election issue. The BJP held a public meeting on Friday at Quitula, Aldona, a day before the tragedy, and assured the people that a bridge to link the island would be constructed if the party was voted to power. Among those who visited the site of the tragedy on Saturday were opposition leader Manohar Parrikar and the BJP's Aldona candidate Glen Ticlo.Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar also arrived on the scene, but was booed and heckled by the people as he has been representing the constituency since the 1970s, barring two terms. All India Congress Committee secretary Sudhakar Reddy, Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee general secretary Altinho Gomes also visited the site among others.Some villagers, unhappy about the issue, threatened to boycott the elections. They criticized both the Congress and the BJP over the issue.The small island, barely 500m from west to east, is linked on the eastern side with Mayem. People use the ferry often to cross over from Aldona to Sirigao and Bicholim.The islanders also expressed dissatisfaction with the ferry service. \"The vessel breaks down frequently, causing travellers, especially students, severe inconvenience,\" said resident Prakash Raikar.Islanders are also worried about the seaworthiness of the ferry the operates on the route. \"The ferry boat is another disaster and a bridge is an immediate necessity,\" stressed resident Melwyn Fernandes.\"This is the last straw and this sacrifice should not go to waste,\" a relative of one of the victims said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11945967", "title": "Baby shows signs of recovery", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is an improvement in the condition of the two-year-old baby admitted at AIIMS Trauma Centre. Doctors said on Saturday that the infection in the girl's brain, which posed a threat to her life, seems to be subsiding. The sample culture of the brain conducted in the last 24 hours showed no infection.\"The infection in her brain is receding. If there are similar results in the next couple of days, we can plan a shunt surgery on her,\" said Dr Deepak Agarwal, AIIMS neurosurgeon, who has been treating the girl since January 18.\"Since she cannot breathe, we have kept her on ventilator support. She is critical but stable,\" he said. Another senior doctor added that chances of the kid leading a normal life even after recovery are remote. \"The infection in the brain has been prolonged. It must have affected parts of her brain, which could keep her from leading of a normal life,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946309", "title": "Let's bet on the economy", "text": "India's growth story is in a bit of a slump at present, but there is a growing bunch of people predicting better times ahead. Weeks before he unveils Budget 2012, Sunday Times finds out why Pranab Mukherjee is so upbeatIt was as if someone flipped a switch at midnight, December 31, 2011. Quite magically, it turned around all that was terrible about India's economy. If you'd bought the 30-share Sensex on December 30 and sold it 45 days later, you'd be 16% richer. Some stocks are up between 30% and 100% in the same time. The rupee, among the worst-performing currencies in 2011, is strengthening against the dollar.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee can finally afford a smile: inflation, which had raged at two-digit levels for nearly two years, is below 7%. Even better , the prices of food, which hit aam admi where it matters most, have actually dropped as vegetable prices cooled rapidly.No wonder, analysts Sujan Hajra and Gautam Singh at brokerage Anand Rathi expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which had hiked interest rates through the last 18 months to rein in inflation, to cut rates in another six months. That will drive down borrowing costs for mortgage holders and businesses , lower the effective cost of car loans and allow banks to lend more freely. It can boost growth, which has sagged from 9% levels to below 7% now.At HDFC Bank, a team of economists headed by Abheek Barua expects the RBI to cut rates in April, after Mukherjee presents his budget on March 16 and makes his policy goals clear.Economist Pronab Sen, a member of the Planning Commission, doesn't expect the RBI to ease up on interest rates so fast, \"I'd look for at least two more months of declines in manufacturing prices before cutting interest rates.\"Sen is keeping a wary eye out on the prices of manufactured goods. Indeed, the three key contributors to inflation over the last two years have been oil, metals and minerals, and chemicals. The prices of these have soared, even during a global recession, driven by speculation in global commodity markets.Ruchir Sharma, who moves large amounts of money in and out of emerging markets for Morgan Stanley , recently said that the biggest threat to global growth was the high prices of commodities . These drive up the prices of manufactured goods, stoking inflation and smothering growth around the world.The RBI hasn't let its guard down on inflation. It conducts regular surveys of households to gauge their expectations about inflation. Its latest survey found that over 75% of households expect inflation to be above 9.5% levels one year down the line.Another thing that could drive up prices is a vast tsunami of cash blowing in from the West. To prop up its economy, the US and European nations have already printed large amounts of money. European central banks have promised to print even more cash.A lot of those dollars and euros will wash up in high-growth emerging markets like India and inflate prices as they get converted into rupees. But just how much excess cash is out there?\"I'd reckon that after Europe starts pumping in money, the total excess liquidity worldwide will be $5 trillion,\" says Sen. That's 5 followed by 12 zeros, or roughly five times the size of India's entire economy.While economists worry about what this money can do to inflation, marketmen can't wait to see it pouring in. A big infusion of overseas money is almost certain to lift India's equity markets and could trigger another bull run.However, for foreign investors to get truly excited about India, policymakers will have to show that they're back at work. An official in the office of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is upbeat about the prospects of revival: \"We're trying to sort out bottlenecks in sectors like power, coal, infrastructure and so on,\" he says. \"The Prime Minister often chairs as many as four meetings a day.\"Many analysts expect India's fiscal deficit, the gap between what the government spends and what it gets in revenue, to balloon to 6% of its economy, much more than the 4.6% number that Mukherjee had budgeted for last year. But it might not be so dire, says Sen. \"I'd reckon that the actual deficit would be close to 5% of GDP.\"But as he sets out to balance his books, the finance minister's biggest worry could be the fiscal mess in three states: Punjab, Kerala and Bengal. Punjab's deficit is expected to worsen to nearly 4% of the state economy, from less than 3.5% two years ago. Its farm economy has peaked out and industry is sputtering. Its government says sops for nearby Himachal and Uttarakhand have lured its industry away. But the Akali-BJP regime sacked its own finance minister when he dared ask for reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945450", "title": "85 bottles of illegally stored liquor seized", "text": "NAGPUR: As results of zilla parishad and NMC elections were declared on Friday, state excise department official's raided a bungalow and found foreign liquor worth 5.84 lakh stored illegally. The raid was conducted on a tip-off at the bungalow owned by GP Singh at Dixit Nagar on Friday afternoon.Since before the election, state excise officials have been conducting surprise checks on illegal storage and transport of liquor in and around the city.According to the police, the cops were informed about branded foreign liquor being transported from Singh's bungalow. Hence, after confirming the report, superintendent Shivraj Dhote conducted a surprise check on Friday at 2am.The personnel seized 85 bottles of branded liquor and seven bottles of premium liquor along with cell phones and cash, totally worth 5.84 lakh from the second floor of the bungalow. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11943550", "title": "Stray dog menace unleashed on roads in city", "text": "BHOPAL: A pack of stray dogs that hounded and bit a ten-year-old boy in Shivaji Nagar area of the city this week has come as a horrid and numbing experience for the residents of the area. The victim, Sanjay, was returning home with a packet full of biscuits in his hand when 4 to 5 stray dogs pounced on him for biscuits. Bitten by the dogs, the little boy fell down with bites as the canines bolted with biscuits.\"I was terribly scared after this incident,\" Sanjay, a resident of 6 No. bus stop told TOI. \"I see them playing all the time on roads, but never thought that they would attack me,\" the victim added.The dog menace is not confined to Shivaji Nagar. It has assumed alarming proportions in many other parts of Bhopal. Currently, the BMC has team of 18 dog catchers and two dog catching vans. By BMC estimates, there are around 150 dogs within a radius of every five km in the city. The civic body is hardly doing anything to put the growing menace on the leash.With the issue seemingly way down on the priority list of the BMC, residents are left to their own devices when it comes to save themselves from the gnashing and growling canines.New commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav said, \"Since you have brought the problem to my notice, I will personally look into this matter.\" Interestingly, 15 days before the incident, residents of Shivaji Nagar had complained to the BMC about the danger the stay dogs pose to the life and limb of residents, but in vain. Anil Sharma, BMC veterinarian, said: \"The dog catching squad of the corporation is non-functional for the past 18 months.\" The commuters especially two-wheeler riders have a different problem. In many city localities, stray dogs chasing two-wheelers in a menacing manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11945350", "title": "Minister asks DDCs to work in tandem with govt depts", "text": "PATNA: Public health engineering department (PHED) minister Chandramohan Rai on Saturday appealed to the deputy development commissioners (DDCs) to work in tandem with different government departments and agencies for motivating rural people to avail of the benefits of Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) under which toilets are to be constricted at homes in villages.He was addressing a state level workshop on 'Accelerating TSC implementation in Bihar'. The participants included the DDCs, representatives of government departments concerned, self help groups and representatives of Mahila Samakhya and Bihar Rural Liveliood Project. The participants also included regional chief engineers of PHED and executive engineers who are member-secretary of the respective district water and sanitation committees and representatives of Unicef and World Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945983", "title": "New station on Gurgaon metro line", "text": "Work May Start Soon On Station Near Delhi-Haryana BorderNEW DELHI: The extension of the Airport Metro Express to Gurgaon will now have a station near the Delhi-Haryana border. The 12km alignment, which is expected to cut travelling time down to 14 minutes, will start from the underground station at Dwarka Sector 21 and have four elevated stations at Bijwasan, Sector 23, Sector 18 and IFFCO chowk. A Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) official said, \"The detailed project report has been submitted with the Haryana government for approval. Work is expected to start soon.\" Reliance Infrastructure, the concessionaire for the Airport Metro Express, has already submitted an expression of interest (EOI) for the project, said sources.The civil construction of the alignment, including the stations, will be done by Delhi Metro, said officials.The same format was used for the Airport Metro Express line. \"The original DPR of the project had only four stations on the alignment, but later, a need was felt for a station in the vicinity of old Gurgaon. The station at Bijwasan will cater to that ridership,\" said the official. The extension to Gurgaon will have connectivity to the R-Infra Airport Metro Express at the Dwarka Sector 21 station. The corridor, which is being labelled as the Express Metro link, will allow commuters to travel from Delhi to Gurgaon in just 14 minutes. It will also cut down considerably on the travel time from the heart of Delhi, the Rajiv Chowk station, to Gurgaon by half hour.A senior DMRC official said, \"The proposed completion date is 2016, if the DPR is given approval and order for implementation comes in within the next few months.\" The extension of the Airport Metro Express is only one of the lines that will connect the NCR with Delhi. As part of phase III, the Janakpuri (west) to Kalindi Kunj corridor will connect Noida with Delhi while the extension of the corridor from Central Secretariat to Badarpur till Faridabad will do the same for the NCR town.At present, the Airport Metro Express is till Dwarka Sector 21, and takes around 20 minutes to reach New Delhi Metro station, the originating station on the corridor. Gurgaon is connected to Delhi through the Jehangirpuri-HUDA city centre alignment, which is one of the longest corridors on the Delhi Metro network. Sources at R-Infra admitted that Delhi Metro's intimation to the company to submit an EOI was being seen as a positive sign. Incidentally, the same high-speed alignment built for the Airport Metro Express is going to be built for the extension to Gurgaon.The !2km extension of Airport Metro Express is being labelled as the Express Metro link and will allow commuters to travel from Delhi to Gurgaon in just 14 minutes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11945193", "title": "Transport dept to inspect bus", "text": "PANAJI: The transport department will inspect the ill-fated bus 'Shree Ganesh' on Monday to determine whether it was mechanical failure or human error that caused it to plunge into the river at the Calvim-Aldona ferry wharf, transport director Arun Desai told STOI.Reacting to criticism that the transport department allows substandard vehicles on the road thereby endangering citizens' lives, Desai said every vehicle is subjected to a fitness check after pre-determined intervals. \"If the vehicles are found to be fit, they are passed, if not, we deny them clearance. It is not the case that every vehicle that comes for a fitness check is passed,\" Desai said.He added that a vehicle is after all, a mechanical thing and can fail anytime even if it is cleared in a fitness check. \"But it is difficult for me to comment now (on 'Shree Ganesh'). We will inspect the bus on Monday. That will determine whether it was mechanical failure or human error. If it is negligence on the part of the driver, action will be taken,\" Desai said.Children studying in schools in Mapusa, incidentally, said the bus had broken down on its journey from Mapusa bus stand to Aldona before the tragedy took place at the ferry point on Saturday afternoon. \"The bus broke down on the way and passengers waited till the problem was fixed,\" said a local.At the site of the tragedy, locals condemned government officials. \"You people take bribes and give fitness certificates to buses like these. This bus is past its expiry date and is not road worthy,\" a local shouted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11943524", "title": "We will fulfil our pledge to Mumbaikars: Uddhav", "text": "Uddhav Bal Thackeray indulged himself on Saturday by feasting on his favourite sweets. While wife Rashmi drove to Lonavla to offer prayers to Ekveera Devi, the Thackerays' family deity, Uddhav met newly-elected Shiv Sena corporators and jubilant party workers at Matoshree and, later, at Sena Bhavan. He spoke with TOI over the phone and unveiled his proposal to set up an autonomous panel of prominent Mumbaikars to streamline the BMC administration and monitor the Sena-BJP-RPI's reign in the civic body.Q: Did you anticipate the poll grand slam?A: Yes. Not many were willing to share my view that the Sena-BJP-RPI will trounce the Congress-NCP combine.Q: What made you so optimistic?A: Shiv Sainiks come into their own when driven against the wall. The Sainiks took the Congress-NCP poll alliance for the BMC election as a challenge and they fought with grit and determination. When the Congress and NCP inked their electoral alliance, I told myself, 'Yes. I will do it'.Q: By 'Karoon Dakhavle', you mean...A: Right. That's how the catch-line for the Sena's ad-campaign must have come about, I guess. Voters, whether in Mumbai or Moradabad, don't like slander. They are not impressed if you keep heaping abuses on your rival. They may enjoy it for a few days. But, soon they will get bored and ask you to talk about yourself, your agenda. I think 'Karoon Dakhavle' was a positive campaign, which Mumbaikars liked. It spoke of the Sena's good work over the last five years in the BMC.Q: How did you design your campaign?A: Everything was planned well in advance. A little elbow room was set aside for last-minute changes. Meetings were planned and the tour itinerary was worked out by me and my colleagues. Aditya (Uddhav's son and chief of Yuva Sena) was a great help. He toured a lot. We had very little time for electioneering. So, we made best use of it.Q: What next?A: Selecting a new mayor.Q: And?A: Fulfilling poll promises. Mumbaikars have reposed their trust in us and we will work hard to fulfil our pledges to them.Q: How do you plan to go about it? Mumbaikars want good governance, a transparent civic administration and fiscal discipline.A: We are thinking of a proposal to constitute a committee of prominent Mumbaikars, urban planners, former civil servants and journalists to keep tabs on the Sena-BJP-RPI's reign in the BMC.Q: You mean an Ombudsman?A: Right. The idea is in a nascent stage. I am earnest that the panel should lend a helping hand to the BMC and join our efforts to make Mumbai a world-class city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948045", "title": "A cultural night at Rabindra Mandap", "text": "It was cultural night at Rabindra Mandap on Wednesday as artistes of the Khariar Cultural Organization enacted the play 'Damur'. Although it was their debut performance, the actors out up a fine show.The play compared 'damur', (which means calf) with selfish human beings depicting some hard realities of life. It portrayed how human beings are gradually becoming more selfish by the day. Kanhu, the son of poor Manglu and Jasoda grows up to become a rich man. The story goes on to show how the poor parents sacrificed everything for Kanhu's education. But when Kanhu gets a job, he forgets his parents. The play also compared the relationship between man and tree. While a tree gives everything to man the moment it dries up, man uses up everything he gets and doesn't hesitate in uprooting the tree and burning it all for his own convenience.\" Damur\" was scripted and directed by Jitendranath Patnai. Sarita Sharma, Prithviraj Dooria, Saroj Thakur, Murali Patel, Bisambar, Manu Tandi, Bisrant Kumar Bishi, Pragyant Kumar Bishi, Aditya Panigrahi and Santanu Panda made up the cast of the play.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11945549", "title": "Custody of 13/7 accused extended", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Saturday extended the police custody of the key accused involved in the 13/7 blasts case till February 24. Magistrate M P Bage remanded Haroon Rashid Naik and Kanwar Nain Pathrija in custody after the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) told the court that they wanted more time to interrogatethe accused.The court also witnessed an emotional scene as Pathrija's wife arrived from Delhi to meet her husband for the first time after the arrest. She sought the court's permission to speak to Pathrija.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11944872", "title": "They swear by their special pens and lal rumaals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All students preparing for their exams are not just packing pens in their pencil boxes for the D-Day, but also their luck. Almost all of them have one or the other thing which they consider lucky.Prerita, a Class X student living in Sector 6 Panchkula said, \"My lucky charm is my pencil box, which was gifted to me by my sister-in-law.Whenever I don't have it, I end up scoring less marks.\"Mehar Kalra of Sector 19, who is appearing for a Class X, took a year to realize that her black pilot pen was what helped her come out with flying colours. \"In last one year it has been six times that I did not use this pen and I scored my worst. So for my boards I will definitely carry it.\"Sumeet Bhargav, who lives in Sector 41 and is going to take Class XII exams, said, \"I have a red handkerchief which I carry with me during exams. Even during Class X boards I used to take it with me. It has a special corner in my cupboard, too.\"Jaisha Garg, a Class X student, from Sector 6 of Panchkula said, \"My Universe Signo pen brings me good luck. I keep on changing refills and use it for important exams.\"Guneeta Kapoor of a Class XII and a resident of Sector 11 said, \"I don't have any particular thing that I consider lucky, but while studying, I use a small photograph of Goddess Saraswati as a bookmark. I also feel that the day I forget to eat curd and sugar, my exam does not go well.\"This is not all that students do to make sure that they score well. There are some, who avoid wearing certain colours.Sakshi Raina, a resident of Sector 45, and a student of Class X said, \"I make Om on top left corner of my answersheet every time as it boosts me confidence.\"Nitin Sharma of Sector 22 is all set to appear for Class XII exams, with his watch tied tight on his wrist. \"When my elder brother finished his school, he gave me his lucky watch. I feel it works for me too. Besides this, I avoid wearing black during exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948212", "title": "Bharath denies seeing Sanjjanaa", "text": "This, despite, the two reportedly spending a lot of time together in BangaloreHere's the latest linkup story to hit Kollywood! If the buzz is to be believed, Boys Bharath is said to seeing Kannada actress Sanjjanaa and spending a lot of time hitting parties in Bangalore with the lady. A source says that the two were spotted at a restaurant in the Garden City on Valentine's Day and that it's an indication of the growing fondness between the two.However, when we contacted Sanjjanaa, this is what she had to say. \"As much as I want my personal life to be low-profile, I'm always dragged into some link-up or the other. Earlier link-ups with Virat Kohli and Sreesanth have marked a permanent full stop to our friendship. Just because I hang out with a guy at a party does not mean that I'm dating all of them! Bharath is a very dear friend and I'm hoping our friendship will be unaffected post this link-up too unlike the past! I have had not a single boyfriend from the industry,\" she stated. So, was she out with Bharath on Valentine's Day? \"I was out having dinner with a special friend from Bangalore,\" is all she's willing to say.When CT contacted Bharath, he said, \"I don't know where these rumours crop up from. She (Sanjjanaa) is just a 'hi bye' friend from the cricket league, just like many other celebrities from the industry. On Valentine's Day, I was sleeping in the morning as I was tired post Chennai's win at Hyderabad at the match and in the evening, had a family dinner to attend. So, there's no way I could have spent any time with anybody else.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "11945284", "title": "Cops in dock over goon's release", "text": "MOTIHARI: The release of a criminal in Sheohar district, Santosh Jha, from Motihari Central Jail on bail on February 17 has put a question mark on the functioning of Sheohar and Sitamarhi police as they failed to take him on remand despite repeated wireless messages sent by the East Champaran SP. Santosh Jha was arrested along with his associate, Mukesh Pathak, of Mehasi by East Champaran police in Ranchi on January 17 this year.The East Champaran police are conducting raids and the police stations on the border have been asked to arrest Santosh, an accused in around 12 cases of murder, extortion, kidnapping and a landmine blast in which six police personnel were killed at Shyampur-Vataha in Sheohar district in 2010.Tirhut Zone IG Gupteshwar Pandey told TOI that he will take action against the police personnel who failed in their duties to pray for police remand of Santosh Jha, wanted in over dozen cases in Sheohar and Sitamarhi districts, after holding an on-the-spot inquiry at a meeting held at Sitamarhi with the SPs of both districts and the SHOs of police stations concerned. The inaction of the police in this case is both shameful and serious, he added.According to East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar, Mukesh Pathak, accused in half-a-dozen cases was the target of the police but Santosh was also arrested, as both were hiding there under fake names, fake identity cards and fake driving licences. Both the criminals were sent to jail and the East Champaran police informed the SPs of Sheohar and Sitamarhi districts besids the SHOs concerned about Santosh's arrest. Yet, no step was taken to seek Santosh on police remand.Santosh Jha is a native of Dostiya village under Purnahiya police station in Sheohar district and accused in eight cases including murder of Maoist leader Gaurishankar Jha and Sheohar Zila Parishad member Nawal Kishor Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944648", "title": "Support groups to join war on cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nija Shah, 42, had everything going for her. She had a career as a teacher, two kids and a family to look after. But life as she knew it soon changed when she started feeling cramps and back pain, Shah ignored it thinking that it was a by-product of her lifestyle. When the pain became unbearable, she consulted her physician who sent her to an oncologist. She was diagnosed diagnosis with bone cancer .Shah's world came to a standstill. While the chemotherapy and radiation sessions took a toll on her body, the grim diagnosis shattered her mentally.But, Shah and others like her will not feel alone in their battle against the disease. Peer support groups are now being formed in the city. Dr Bharat Gadhavi, chief executive officer, HCG Medisurge, said that conventional medicine and psychological help should go hand in hand. \"We create peer groups at the hospital and also conduct seminars where survivors tell their tale. It is extremely important for patients to know that there are others as well who are going through the same situation and how they cope with it,\" he said.City-based alternative therapy experts believe that many-a-times not only is peer support missing but there is also a taboo about openly talking of a diagnosis of serious conditions like cancer, heart or neurological diseases.\"We don't have a strong tradition of peer groups for patients with serious illnesses where they can share their experience or anxiety. Thus, we started with a small group that can get involved in activities such as yoga, meditation or art workshop. After the initial response when we felt confident that the initiative can be taken further, we started engaging more and more people,\" said Dr Kamal Nagpal, a city-based ophthalmologist and promoter of Soul Square Support Junction, a support group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945342", "title": "Money could not buy them votes to victory", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems like the green tonic failed to influence voters in the civic elections, where perhaps for the first time all the moneyed men bit the dust irrespective of their party or status.The results came as a surprise for a majority of those who contested the polls with money power, which includes both independents and party members.A Congress candidate from Jail ward was one such example cited by some leaders. Sources said that this candidate spent lakhs of rupees in the Takia slums but the influence of money failed to attract voters this time, as they wished for real development.\"The politics of crime, which has been glamorized in the past few years in the state, has always been short-lived and instable. They come in politics without the spirit of public service. This time people gathered courage and eliminated them with the power of ballot,\" said Sandip Joshi.He claimed that a candidate had tried all methods to lure the voters of slums in Jail Ward. \"From providing liquors, mobile phones, sim-cards to distributing cash, has opted all options to lure the voters.\" But it has failed to influence the voters. He, however, claimed that BJP had not spent a single penny to influence voters.Of the 2,300 votes in Takia slum, Joshi was polled 1,250 votes. This shows that even slum dwellers want development, he claimed.He, however, gives the credit to the various awareness programmes in the city, like India Against Corruption for shaping voters' judgement in these polls.\"Gone are the days when people used to get votes with the help of money and muscle power. They have failed to influence voters this time. Common men have now got their real strength. They will never choose leaders having tainted track record,\" said Prakash Gajbhiye, who won from VNIT, a stronghold of slum dwellers. He said that one of his opponenets had spent a lot of money but could not win.\"Religious trips were also sponsored for slum dwellers in VNIT prabhag. Though people enjoyed the leisure trip, they preferred me when it came to polls,\" he added.\"This is for the first time elections were fought in the name of development. Moneymen, who never had popular mandate, have lost their foothold in the city,\" said Congress corporator Sandip Sahare. He also claimed that one of his opponents had spent a lot of money to try and buy votes from the poor voters living in the slums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11944811", "title": "'Science too vast for 60 marks'", "text": "MUMBAI: Students appearing for the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) exams are unhappy that they have to study two papers of science for merely 60 marks and their worry does not end there: they fear that they will not be able to complete the two papers together within the allocated two-and-a-half hours.In the past two years, students had to answer the two science sections separately and each paper carried 60 marks. This year, they have to answer both science-I and science-II papers together. Though the number of chapters has been reduced, students still feel that they have to study way too much for just 60 marks. \"The paper might be simple, but there is so much to write.Also, we need to divide the two-and-a-half hours equally for the two sections,\" a student of Canossa High School in Mahim said. \"There will be two different answer sheets for the two sections and we may lose some time shuffling between them. Some questions may demand lengthy answers and that will consume time as well.\"Another student, Natasha R, also complained that the syllabus was way too vast for a 60-mark paper. \"Though the time provided is ideally enough for a 60-mark paper, but while we can complete the first section peacefully, most of us have to rush through the second half. The syllabus is also way too vast for just 60 marks. With stiff competition for junior college seats, losing a few marks will make a difference in the percentage,\" she added.Even the principal of Children's Academy in Kandivli, Rohan Bhatt, is apparently not happy with the merging of the two sections.\"Students are finding it difficult to finish the entire paper in the allocated time. When we saw their poor performance in science in the first semester exams, we asked the board officials to keep the papers separately. But we were told that the time-table was decided at the beginning of the year and so it was not possible to make changes,\" said Bhatt, according to whom, Std-X students are too young to manage time well. \"They continue to write long answers and realize rather late that they have two sections to complete. Some even get confused in the common terms used in both the sections.\"But not all teachers share his views as Nazma Kazi, principal of Anjuman-I-Islam High School, does not think the new system would pose a problem. \"This year, students have around 40 marks in internals, including practicals and orals. Students also have to compulsorily clear the written exams with 25%, which will come around to 15 marks. Students usually do not consider science to be a tough paper; the number of failures may also go down now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11945888", "title": "India\u2019s 3.5cr Tehran lobby", "text": "Mumbai's sea-facing Islam Gymkhana Club is no match for the expansive Azadi Square in Tehran . But last week, during the 33rd an niversary celebrations of the Islamic Revolution in Iran,the speeches heard at the club's audi torium could well have been re layed straight from Azadi Square Punctuated with powerful poetry - part of Shia culture since the fateful martyrdom of the Prophet's grandson Imam Hussain at Karbala, Iraq , in the 7th century - the stirring speeches hailed Iran as the answer to the \"usurpers of power in the West\".Iran is home to 40% of the world's 18 crore Shias. For many Indian Muslims,especially the country's 3.5 crore Shias, Iran and its leader Ahmadinejad symbolize the David who is ready to take on Goliath. Despite years of Western sanctions, many Muslims believe that Iran alone can thwart Ameri ca's hegemony in West Asia and keep Israel under control.Often, the language used against the US and Israel by Mus lim groups is vituperative, the tone strident. \"An attack on Iran will be tantamount to an attack on the en tire Muslim world,\" says senior Shia cleric Maulana Zaheer Abbas Rizvi. He adds that Muslims are not against all Jews, but only hate the Zionists who have displaced Palestinians from their own home land. A powerful speaker, Maulana Rizvi, like other Muslim clerics both Shia and Sunni, often cites the Koran to assert that even Allah is displeased with the Jews.How might this sentiment im pact India's options? Moderate Muslim scholars say New Delhi will have to walk a tightrope as the West ups the ante against Iran \"India showed maturity when it did not approve of sanctions against Iran. It didn't endorse the Israeli accusation that Iran and the Hezbollah were behind the terror attack on Israeli embassy staff in Delhi. We cannot have double standards and India has certainly said it very clearly,\" says Akhtarul Wasey, who teaches Islamic Stud ies at Jamia Millia Islamia.After the America-led war in Afghanistan and Iraq, Muslims predictably see Iran as the next target. Many even think the Delhi attack was part of an Israeli con spiracy to shore up support for an assault on Iran's nuclear installa tions. \"Mossad is capable of carry ing out such attacks. They could have done it to sabotage India's friendship with Iran,\" says Maula na Rizvi, who is also secretary of the All India Shia Muslim Personal Law Board.No one, of course, knows how much the Indian Shias' support for Iran will influence New Delhi's Te hran policy. \"I welcome India's pru dence to keep its friendship with Iran intact despite American pres sure,\" says ex-MP Akhtar Hassan Rizvi, a prominent Shia leader who also heads educational institutions in Mumbai. \"Iran has a right to lead a life of respect.\" Ahmadinejad will be happy to hear that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11943907", "title": "Choithram student Isha emerges winner in spelling contest", "text": "INDORE: Isha Bhorkar, seventh standard student of Choithram School, Manik Bagh, emerged the winner of the city finale of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks in Indore on Saturday.Excited with the success, Isha said, \"I was a bit nervous in the beginning, but gained confidence with every round, and during the last rapid fire round turned out to be the best for me. Now, I have to set my eyes on the national round of the contest to be held in Mumbai.\"Isha, who won outplaying 420 students from 30 different schools across the city, said the national round was going to be tough one where she would have to vie for the title among 31 other participants from different cities. \"I will start preparing for it right away to give my best there in Mumbai,\" said Isha.Coming close second was Swastid Sharma, IX standard student, also from the same school, Manik Bagh. Swastid, who was doing well till third round, trailed in the rapid fire round and was beaten by a narrow margin of six marks by the junior of his own school. \"I could not qualify for the national round, but I am happy with the fact that someone from my school would represent the city at national-level,\" said Swastid adding it was fun to participate in the unique quiz contest.Earlier in the day, 420 participants appeared for the written test to shortlist the finalists. Apart from these, students, who had done well in the online test, were also invited to take part in the competition. Out of the 10 shortlisted finalists, three were from Choitram School, three from Army Public School, Mhow, two from Emerald Heights International School, one each from Sri Sathya Sai Vidhya Vihar and St Paul School.Kuldeep Kaur Chhabra, senior English teacher at Choithram School, Manik Bagh, said that she was happy that her students emerged first and second in the contests and now her school would be part of the national round.\"We had prepared the students for different sorts of spellings in all possible ways. But here, we realised that we have to work on visuals,\" said Chhabra, adding that event like this would improve the vocabulary of the students which would ultimately help them have good command over the language.Good communication skill was important for the success in the present day, but unfortunately many students lacked it, Chhabra said. Events like these would help inculcate the importance of right spelling and pronunciation, which again were very important for developing good communication skills, Chhabra added.Second part of the competition was followed by written test consisting of four rounds - picture trail, power spell, poesy and rapid fire, tested the vocabulary and the dexterity of mind of the students during the final.It was a rapid fire round, which changed the game for the participants as everyone had a chance to score 32 points. In one minute, they had to spell as many correct spellings as possible from the list of 16 words and it is here where Isha left everyone behind by spelling 12 words correctly and scored 24 points.\"Events like these are important to highlight the significance of language and communication. In the age of SMS in which students are forgetting to write correctly, such events will go a long way in stressing the need to know correct spellings,\" said Nivedita Bhorkar, mother of Isha.City winners from 32 cities across the country will compete in the national finals in Mumbai. The winner will represent India in Washington DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11944021", "title": "Businessman who attempted suicide near SP office dies in hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tirupur-based businessman S Kalidas, 47, succumbed to his burns on Saturday at a private hospital here. He had tried to commit suicide by self-immolation near the office of the superintendent of police in Tirupur on February 10 and had claimed to have attempted suicide due to police torture.Sridhar, a business partner of Kalidas, said, \"We bought yarns from Ravi, a yarn businessman of Puliyakulam. We had to pay him Rs 5 lakh only. However, he used our blank cheque leaf and filled Rs 55 lakh. He approached the Tirupur police when we refused to pay the amount.\"\"Tirupur Central Crime Branch police called us on February 9 and threatened us. They asked us to hand over Rs 55 lakh to Ravi. The police did not accept our explanation. Kalidas was in a state of frustration after that,\" he added.Kalidas sustained 70% burns and was admitted in Tirupur government hospital. Tirupur judicial magistrate Krishnan went to the hospital and recorded his statement. Then he was admitted in Ganga Hospital in Coimbatore and despite treatment he died on Saturday. The body was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.\"We did not inform his death to his daughter Priyanka, who has been participating in national and state level chess tournaments. She has enormous affection for her father and if she comes to know about her father's death, she will be heartbroken. Tirupur central crime branch inspector and a women sub-inspector are the reason for the death,\" said Sridhar.However, the cops denied the charges. \"If the police tortured the businessman, he should appeal to me. But he took the extreme step. We are going to alter the section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC to 174 CrPC (unnatural death),\" said superintendent of police V Balakrishnan, Tirupur district.According to police, S Kalidas, 47, a textile businessman was living with his wife K Maruthammal, 37, and daughter Priyanka, 10, who is a class 5 student in a private school at Annur. The family was living in Amarjothi garden at Tirupur.A few years ago, Kalidas was engaged in yarn business in partnership with Ravi hailing from Puliyakulam in Coimbatore. As the business was not successful, Kalidas quit and started a textile business along with his friend Sridhar, 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943764", "title": "Raj Thackeray rules out tie-up with NCP", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Saturday ruled out the possibility of his party joining hands with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) to share power in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), saying \"the MNS is ready to sit in the opposition\".\"My engine is running faster but it will not go to their (NCP) station,\" he said referring to the four-fold increase in the party's strength in PMC, with 29 of its candidates winning the civic polls on its symbol, the railway engine.Thackeray, who was in the city to meet the newly-elected MNS corporators, however, refused to elaborate on his party's role in the Nashik municipal corporation, after it has emerged as the single largest party with 40 seats in the 122-member .Asked about the reported statement by BJP MLC Vinod Tawade, that the BJP was ready to extend support to the MNS in Nashik, Thackeray said, \"I am not aware what Tawade has said. As far as I know, all such key decisions are taken by the BJP's state chief. Let me clarify that I am not hungry for power. I will go to Nashik on Sunday and will discuss with my party men and will then announce my decision,\"Thackeray said the MNS will play the role of a watchdog as the opposition party in Pune and will ensure that the ruling party is forced to take decisions that are in the interests of the city. \"We will show even an opposition party can play an influential role in a civic body. In Pune, the MNS will mainly focus on transportation issues. Though all my local corporators are capable to deal with the issues that will come up before the civic body, I will certainly advise them on key issues that will have a long term impact on the city,\"Referring to the reported statement of NCP chief Sharad Pawar that the MNS's growth was restricted to four cities in the state, and that it did not have any presence in the rural areas, Thackeray said, \"This is a wrong notion. My party is growing in all parts of the state and everyone will soon realize it,\"About the NCP-Congress's poor show in Mumbai, Thackeray said, \"The two parties had a pre-poll alliance in Mumbai, but in Pune they contested against each other. It seems that the voters did not approve these dual standard adopted by these parties and they supported us. MNS has emerged as an able alternative to these parties and I am thankful to the voters for showing faith in us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11945287", "title": "Independents hold key in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: Hectic parleys are on between BJP-SS and Congress-NCP for getting to the magic figure of 37 to form a government in Akola Municipal Corporation ( AMC ).Reports said that money may change hands in securing support of independent candidates. There are 11 independents whose support is important to any alliance.Meanwhile, the figure of elected women candidates increased by one to make it 38 in the 73-member House. Kokila Daberao of Congress was elected from the open category. The party-wise number of women is as follows: Congress 10, BJP 9, NCP 1, BRP-BMS 4, SS 5, UDF 2 and others 6. Now, the number of male corporators is 35.The post of the mayor has been reserved for scheduled caste woman corporator. BJP has only one SC woman corporator, Karuna Ingle. BJP and SS have won 26 seats while three rebels got elected. But while bargaining for power, BJP may offer mayoral post to Madhuri Meshram whose husband Sunil is a powerful leader elected with the highest votes.Congress-NCP alliance has 23 seats and it is difficult for it to reach the magic figure of 37 to form the civic government. Madan Bhargad, city Congress chief, who won the poll by six votes, said that he will observe wait and watch policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950528", "title": "Anshuman Jha on working with Janaki Vishwanathan\u2019s Bakra", "text": "The LSD-fame, who is working with a lady director for the first time says that while he has learnt a few Tamil words himself, Janaki's Hindi has also improved.Anshuman Jha, who made his feature film debut in Ekta Kapoor and Dibakar Bannerjee's much acclaimed \"LSD - Love, Sex Aur Dhokha\" in 2010, is part of the National Award winning director Janaki Vishwanathan's Hindi directorial debut, Bakra. On working with Janaki Vishwanathan, Anshuman Jha says, \"Janaki is a very hands-on director. She says little but is precise and trusts her actors completely. I've performed on stage, ads and films but she's the first lady director I've worked with and that'll always be special.\" Bakra has three key characters, one played by Anshuman Jha, the other a small boy and a goat named ShahRukh, apart from other significant characters.About some fun moments and instances at the sets he says, \"We had this joke that ShahRukh was getting more footage than me and I kept telling her I wish to play Jaffar (my character) and the goat.\" And he adds, \"Janaki says very little but is precise as a maker and that helps. Janaki's Hindi has improved working with me and my I've learnt a few Tamil words. She calls me greedy because at one point I wanted to be Jaffar (my character) and the goat. But she's a wonderful person and it's been an enriching experience.\" His second feature as a lead actor \"Boys Toh Boys Hain\" is scheduled for an April 2012 release. And he will also be seen in a surreal/dark role in Sanjay Khanduri's \"KLPD-Kismet, Luv, Paisa, Dilli\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11946341", "title": "42 taluks in Kerala 'eco-sensitive'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In what could have far reaching implications on Kerala's development model in the coming years, the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel (WGEEP), chaired by Madhav Gadgil, has categorised 42 taluks across 14 districts in the state as ecologically sensitive zones (ESZ).The WGEEP report was submitted to the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) on August 31 last year. But it has been kept under wraps by the ministry, though a PIL has been filed in the Bombay high court to make the report public. (TOI has a copy of the entire report).The ESZs have been divided into three segments. In ESZ-1, lying in close proximity to Western Ghats, there will be a ban on the use of private forest land for non-forest purpose or agricultural activity. ESZ-1 does, however, allow extension of village settlements to accommodate increase in population. It is not against road and public infrastructure expansion either, provided there is a nod from MoEF. Fourteen taluks come under this category. Wayanad and Idukki districts have the maximum number of taluks in ESZ-1.ESZ-2 allows renovation and extension of existing structures such as hotels and resorts. Four taluks come under ESZ-2. ESZ-3 allows land to be changed from agriculture to non-agriculture purpose. But permission for these structures is given only after looking into various socio-economic parameters of the area. Twenty-four taluks bordering Western Ghats come under this category.Western Ghats and eastern Himalayas are the most significant repositories of India's biodiversity. \"The Western Ghats score over the Himalayas in harbouring a larger number of species restricted to India alone. The ghats are among the few biodiversity hot spots remaining in the world which are under severe degree of threat,'' the report noted. The WGEEP has banned monoculture, eucalyptus and exotic plant farming and mining activity in ESZ 1 and 2.It has also banned genetically modified crops and plans to phase out use of plastic bags in shops in all three zones over the next three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11945477", "title": "Cold storage case: Bail hearing on Feb 21", "text": "NAGPUR: The district court is to set to decide on February 21 the fate of the four accused of the cold storage collapse case at Chikhli Layout in which 17 people died. Apart from the anticipatory bail of the three accused, the court is also set to decide on the regular bail of Pramod Khandelwal, who is currently in the magisterial custody.On Saturday, the court heard the plea for the extension of the anticipatory bails of contractor Dilip Nandanwar and architect Santosh Sahu. Counsel for defence Prakash Naidu also argued in favour of the confirmation of the anticipatory bail for Khandelwal's wife Pratibha. \"The court has now heard the arguments of the respective defence counsels. The decision in now expected on the following date whether the pleas would be granted or rejected,\" said Naidu.The five-storeyed warehouse-cum-cold storage had come crashing down on January 31. Police had arrested Khandelwal after the collapse but Nandanwar and Sahu managed to procure anticipatory bails. Khandelwal's wife Pratibha too secured pre-arrest bail as it came to fore that the property documents were in her name.Kalamna police officials said they would oppose the bail applications before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11946412", "title": "Remo asks youth to vote to keep out crooks", "text": "MANGALORE: Activist musician Remo Fernandes, who has been nominated as an electoral icon for Goa state to promote ethical voting, says abstaining from voting means \"giving up and saying let the crooks take over.\" He wants to tell people, especially the youth, to exercise their right to vote and make an attempt \"to stop the crooks.\" Remo, who was in the city in connection with Bollywood director Bejoy Nambiar's second directorial venture 'David' for which the Goan crooner will lend his voice, opens up about his musical journey and the new responsibility he has been vested with. Excerpts:You have fused music with awareness on various issues - the latest being online song to aid the anti-corruption movement in support of Anna Hazare. What social theme is currently inspiring you?Right now I have been appointed as election icon for ethical voting by Election Commission of India for Goa. The youth, especially aged between 8 and 25, is totally frustrated and disillusioned. They think voting is waste of time. I'm going to each and every college in Goa to egg them to vote. It is almost door to door activism. A song, of course, is on the cards with the main theme being 'vote' and based on anti-corruption message. In the past, politicians have raised issues of religion and caste to bury the main problem---corruption. Thanks to Anna Hazare , the real problem of India has been brought to the fore.Beneath their communalism most of the politicians are corrupt. My message to youth is to vote. Not voting means giving up and saying let the crooks take over. At least by voting we can make an attempt to stop the crooks.Are you currently working on any album?Not at the moment. I'm working on another film where all the songs, including the background score, are done by me. I'm not allowed to speak about it. Also, whenever I sit to compose a song, I realize the music which comes out is socio-political or seriously musical. I have not been really inspired to write a commercial song like \"O Meri Munni.\"What about plans to revive your old albums and record old songs that you never recorded?I'm working on digitizing my previous old albums. Most of them are not available anywhere. I'm also working on an album of songs which I composed during my high school and college days. I have most of the lyrics. Funnily enough, when I meet some people, whom I hardly know, they say you must not forget this song (which I have forgotten). They even hum the tune and remind me. The high school album will be out by the end of this year.Where do you fit in the current music scene?That even I would like to know. I have always been an activist starting with \"Hello Rajiv Gandhi.\" Today, the world is not really into socio-political music like in the 70s and 80s. During the Woodstock years, there were so many songs about environment and nature. Today, if a band writes a song against Iraq war , it will be banned. The whole world has changed. Consumerism has obsessed the youth. They are worried about the next pair of Nike's.What has been memorable in your long journey as a musician?One thing that stands in my mind is that a father of a teenager wrote to me saying that he stopped smoking after he walked into his son's room and heard my album with theme song against drugs, saying what example am I setting for my son? Awards are great. But touching others' life is what I treasure the most.What do you think that made 'Kolaveri Di' tick?If someone had the answer, everybody would have made the songs which clicked. In retrospect, it has a lovely tune, lovely beat, humour, certain honesty about our accent plus boy next door appeal and accessibility. There are three to four Konkani versions in Goa. What is regrettable is that the original has a millions views on YouTube , but Kolaveri Di about corruption hardly crosses 20,000. The disparity is too great. What I say to youth is enjoy your item numbers and Kolaveris, but be interested in real issues also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11945976", "title": "Poll defeat claims NCP city chief", "text": "NASHIK: City chief of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Gajanan Shelar, resigned from his post on Saturday. Two hundred and twenty two party workers, including 122 from the students' wing of the party, followed suit. Four representatives of the legislative assembly, divisional chiefs of all the six divisions of the city and those of all the wards also resigned, informed the office bearers of the party. Shelar proceeded to Mumbai immediately to meet the party high command.Shelar said he was submitting his resignation to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar because the party was not able to get the expected seats in the municipal elections despite forming a pre-poll alliance with the Congress. Shelar said that under his chairmanship, there has been a meagre increase of three seats since the last election. In 2007, the NCP had won 17 seats while this year it won 20.Shelar also claimed that people at the Bhujbal Farm (Chhagan Bhujbal's residence in Nashik) were indulging in dirty politics without Bhujbal's knowledge. \"Internal differences, groupism and support to hooliganism is going on at Bhujbal Farm without the guardian minister's knowledge. Rebels are being supported. Rebel candidate Sanjay Chavan of ward 54 was openly supported by NCP members,\" Shelar alleged.It was this ward from where Shelar contested and lost to NCP rebel Chavan, who had contested the elections as an Independent candidate. He said everything was being done under Bhujbal's name and as a result Bhujbal was getting a bad name.Shelar and his supporters accused Anand Sonawane, who is close to Bhujbal, of promoting and sheltering hooliganism in the city. \"He controls all the cable channels in the city and has disconnected them so that hooliganism cannot be shown on TV,\" Shelar's supporters said. said Shelar's supporters Nandan Bhaskare (general secretary of the students' wing), divisional president of NCP, Sajan Uchade and others. They claimed that all the nine candidates selected by Shelar won the election.Sonawane refuted all charges saying he was a non-political person and that all the accusations were made to malign his reputation as he was close to Bhujbal. \"The allegations are baseless and made out of frustration. I have brought 16 channels to Nashik. All the channels telecast everything that was said against me today afternoon and people have seen it; I could have stopped them but I did not. If ever I have withheld a channel, it is because the channel failed to pay the dues. Even Raj Thackeray accused that channels were disconnected when he was delivering his speech but people have watched the channels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11943782", "title": "Lawyer seeks to summon psychiatrist", "text": "PUNE: Lawyer representing the rogue bus driver, Santosh Mane (40), on Saturday filed a plea before the court to summon psychiatric Dilip Burte of Solapur to record his evidence.The plea, filed by lawyer Mahesh Agarwal before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More, reads that Burte's evidence needs to be recorded, as the regional mental hospital had not followed the procedure under section 24 of the Mental Health Act (MHA), 1987, while issuing the medical certificate on Mane on February 6.On January 25, Santosh Mane wreaked havoc in the city, killing eight people and injuring 32, after hijacking a state transport bus from Swargate bus depot.The Sassoon general hospital had examined Mane immediately after his arrest.According to the plea, Burte maintained Mane's medical records as per the MHA and State Mental Health Rules, 1990.On February 9, the lawyer had filed a plea before the court to direct Burte to produce Mane's medical papers, as the accused was under his treatment since 2010. The plea says Burte had given Mane six electro convulsive therapy (shock treatment).The plea states that Burte has given an opinion that Mane is suffering from a \"mania\" and that he is the best person to bring true facts pertaining to his mental treatment before the court.The plea says if the plea is to be decided as per the MHA, the evidence of the psychiatrist needs to be recorded to decide the detention and mental status of Mane.It further states that Burte is aware of the mental status of Mane as he had physically examined him and conducted laboratory investigations and had given provisional diagnosis and he can recommend further medical treatment.Burte's evidence will help the court in arriving at a proper conclusion whether Mane is required to be treated by a psychiatrist or whether he needs to be hospitalised or not, the plea says.The court has directed the prosecution and investigating officer to reply to the plea and deferred the hearing till February 21.Meanwhile, magisterial custody of Mane, who is lodged at the Yerawada central jail, was extended till March 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949588", "title": "Talent from across the border", "text": "Pakistan and India share a common history and it's heartening to see, that India is welcoming more and more singers and actors from across the border to display their talent in Hindi films.In recent times, Ali Zafar and Atif Aslam are some prominent names that come to mind when one speaks of Pakistani singers, as well as actors. While Ali Zafar has acted and sung in films like Mere Brother Ki Dulhan and the upcoming London , Paris , New York, Atif's made a name for himself singing for films like Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, Kismat Konnection and acting in Bol. He is also all set to host a music reality show called Surkshetra.One of the most controversial exports from Pakistan in recent times has been Veena Malik. The actress has not just managed to grab the right eyeballs with Bigg Boss and being featured almost topless for a men's magazine, she even wants to find a dulha for herself in a reality show.In the past singers like Adnan Sami , Shafqat Amanat Ali and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan have already become household names. Adnan has done quite a few albums and done playback for a number of films, while Shafqat is popular with the youth with songs like Mitwaa, Dildara and Bin Tere to his credit. Rahat is the voice behind many a melodious song like Laagi Tumse Mann Ki Lagan, Maine Tenu Samjhava Ki and Tere mast Mast Do Nain. There's something about these guys that we love, for sure!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "hoshiarpur (punjab)", "code": "11951578", "title": "Elderly couple found murdered", "text": "HOSHIARPUR (Punjab): A 72-year-old retired Chief Engineer and his wife were found murdered at their residence near here, police said today.Sat Parkash Singh Bedi, retired Chief Engineer of Punjab Public Health Department, and his wife Gurcharan Kaur (68), retired head of the department of Government Medical College, were found murdered at their residence in Garhshankar town, about 40 km from here, Hoshiarpur SSP Balkar Singh Sidhu said.The couple was strangulated. All household articles were found lying scattered. The couple's car bearing Chandigarh registration number was also missing, he saidSidhu said the case is being investigated from various angles but prima facie it appeared to be a case of robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11944360", "title": "Uttarayan manja still injuring birds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Uttarayan fervour got over a month ago, but killer manjas hanging on wires and electric poles across the city continue to be a threat to the city's winged visitors. As per Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials, they get more than five calls everyday regarding birds found tangled in manja.AFES control room officials said that post-Uttarayan, they have received more than 250 cases where birds have been rescued from rooftops, electric cables, mobile towers and residential areas. Majority of the calls come from areas near the river. During the two days of Uttarayan revelry, the AFES officials rescued 446 birds.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES, told TOI that most of the times, it is kites, crows and pigeons that get rescued by fire fighters. \"There are maximum chances of birds getting tangled when they take flight from the river or ground. Whenever we find injured birds, we contact bird rescuers or doctors to tend to them. We appeal to the citizens to remove the manja in their vicinity to ensure there are no more bird casualties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11946538", "title": "A rail link to Mysore\u2019s history", "text": "Long before a state-owned railway department was established in the country, Mysore had its own railways. Administrators of the erstwhile Mysore State established the Mysore State Railway (MSR) to focus on rail development in the state when the entire rail network in India was owned by private companies.Two years after Chamaraja Wadiyar was proclaimed the ruler of Mysore State, MSR took up a project to lay rail line between Mysore and Bangalore in 1870. However, the project was later put on hold. MSR was constituted to focus on railway development on the lines of Madras Railway Company which laid a rail link between Royapuram and Bangalore City.By 1881, when Wadiyar became the king, MSR had opened 58 miles of rail lines for traffic. During his 13-year rule, he added 315 miles investing Rs 164 lakh, according to Mysore Gazetteer.The state which was languishing under acute famine, focused on rail network and irrigation works as means to overcome the problem. Wadiyar also took a loan of Rs 20 lakh to build the railway network.However, shortly later, all the lines laid and operated by MSR were handed over to Southern Mahratta Railway Company as maintaining the lines became a burden on the state exchequer.When Maharani Vani Vilas became the regent queen, she continued to invest in developing railway infrastructure. The Birur-Shimoga line was constructed during her tenure of seven years by spending Rs 23 lakh. The line was opened for traffic on December 1, 1899.It was during the rule of Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar that a railway construction department was set up. Mysore administrators signed a new contract with the Madras and Southern Mahratta Railway Company for the operation of the lines constructed by the Mysore State Railway in 1908.In 1911 the Mysore State Railway Construction Department was established under then chief engineer E A S Bale.The railway secretariat was branched out from the public works department and was set up as a separate organization in 1912. After Independence, consequent to reorganization of railways, MSR was taken over by the Union government on April 1, 1950.The rail lines built by MSR were allotted to the Southern Railway, which was formed merging Madras and Southern Maharatta Railway, Mysore State Railway and Southern Indian Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11946014", "title": "Delhi police smell more currency rackets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the crime branch busted a fake dollar producing unit run by foreigners in east Delhi and recovered fake currencies with a face value of Rs 11 lakh, police say this might only be the tip of the iceberg. Sources in the crime branch said there were at least two more similar units functioning out of west Delhi, a place that has a high concentration of foreigners.Sources said the east Delhi gang had operated from rented apartments and kept shifting to avoid detection. The gang spread its \"message\" in a unique manner. \"The gang would arrange for fake passports for a certain client and offered him nominal discounts (the charges were anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 25,000) if he spread the work about their 'good work' to the rest of the contacts. The gang also kept in regular touch with Indian touts, who informed them about potential clients from FRRO, the passport cell and even local courts,'' claimed a source.Additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia said over 200 passports from several African countries recovered during the raid were fake. \"We are now checking the European and Chinese passports - around 35 of these were recovered from Ganesh Nagar. It seems these might be genuine but have been surrendered by their holders in return of fake ones. However, we do not know the reason why they decided to do so nor can there be any clarity on the issue unless we get a feedback from the other agencies like the FRRO and the embassies,'' said the officer.In the current case, five foreigners, including a woman, have been arrested for allegedly producing fake dollars for the past one and a half years.The arrests come days after the cops busted one of the biggest such network run by Pakistan-based Kana and recovered fake currencies with a face value of Rs 2.3 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11946617", "title": "DAV wins inter-school declamation contest", "text": "LUDHIANA: DAV Public School won the Sh Ram Lal Bhasin Memorial Trophy at the inter-school declamation contest on Saturday. Anishka bagged the first position, Sandeep of SDP secured the second prize and Shagun of BCM School grabbed the third prize.The parent-teacher association of SDP Senior Secondary School, Hazuri Road, hosted Ram Lal Bhasin Memorial Inter-school Declamation Contest in the memory of late Ram Lal Bhasin, freedom fighter and philanthropist.Twenty teams of reputed schools participated in the contest.The topics for the declamation contest were 'Service to man is service to God', 'Money-a modern addiction', 'When we heal the earth, we heal ourselves', 'Media rules over the world' and 'nothing is good or bad, thinking makes it so'.The contest started with a Saraswati Vandana. Principal Jasveer Singh Chauhan highlighted the heroic saga of hard struggle and achievements of late Ram Lal Bhasin and welcomed the participants and other guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949846", "title": "Dhanush ready for B-town", "text": "He is one of the most sought-after actors in the country today after the viral hit Why This Kolaveri Di? So it was no surprise when Dhanush was approached by director Aanand Rai for Raanjhnaa soon after he became a star across the nation with the soup song.\"I have started learning Hindi and I can understand the language now,\" he says with a smile. Now that Dhanush has become a national star, courtesy Kolaveri, will he be singing more often in his films? \"I did sing in Aayirathil Oruvan not very long ago and in my upcoming film, 3, but from now on, I will be choosier about my songs. In fact, I want to cut down on my singing assignments,\" says Dhanush.Dhanush had recently dined with the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the private dinner hosted by the PM in Delhi. So, what did the PM tell him? \"It was not a close-knit affair and I was not the only one dining with him. There were more than 100 people at the do. When the PM saw me, he just said' It's nice to have you here'.\" And is it true that some of the brands that are associated with Tamil star Suriya is now vying to make Dhanush their brand ambassador?\"I have not heard of anything like that. It's news to me,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-19"}
