{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714100", "title": "All-women PCR for Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come January 1, each district of Haryana will have all-women police PCR vehicles to help women in distress.State police DGP S N Vashisht said on Friday that the department has already initiated the process to deploy the PCR (police control room) vehicles.\"These PCRs will reach the spot even if police receive a call from a girl or woman facing eve-teasing or harassment while traveling in a bus,\" said the DGP.\"Initially, at least one such PCR vehicle headed by a woman sub-inspector will be deployed in each district. In few districts like in Faridabad, the police have deployed three PCR vehicles,\" he added.This is an initiative to control the incidents of rape, molestation and eve-teasing.The government has also decided to organize special-training programs for its law officers for effective presentation of the facts before the courts.To get the assistance from all women cop PCR vehicles, any woman can call 100 or 1091 of women helpline of state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713866", "title": "Girl put off ventilator, but antibodies drop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five days after the brutal gang rape, the 23-year-old woman continues to battle for life. While she was weaned off the ventilator on Friday, a sharp fall in her white blood cell (WBC) count and increased bilirubin level has got doctors worried as it indicates spread of infection.Doctors removed ventilator support on Thursday noon till 2am on Friday on a trial basis. As she could breathe on her own, the ventilator support was again removed on Friday at 3pm. \"She is giving mixed response to the treatment. That she is able to breathe on her own is a positive sign. Her respiratory rate and other vital parameters are well within limits. This is a rare case as we have never seen such injuries on a sexual assault victim. The improvement she has shown in the last five days is remarkable,'' said Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.After being taken off ventilator, she wanted to have water. Doctors say she can talk now. On Friday, she spoke to her mother. \"She remains critical. At present, her condition is stable. We gave her water and have put her on total parenteral nutrition that contains carbohydrate, protein and fat. She is being fed intravenously,'' said a senior doctor.The main concern is the drop in WBC count to 1,500 and the bilirubin level touching five. \"This indicates that septicaemia is setting in. Her platelet count fell to 31,000 in the morning, but then it increased to 61,000. Increase in bilirubin level indicates jaundice. One good thing is that we have not had to give her any blood transfusion for the last 24 hours, as it reduces immunity. She is on prophylactic antibiotics to control further spread of infection,'' said Dr Athani.Doctors exhorted the protesters to free up the hospital premises. \"Your agitation should not became an obstacle for others. Please don't protest on the hospital premises as patients get disturbed,'' said Dr Athani. Doctors also said people, including politicians, should avoid coming to the hospital to meet the victim. \"She is in the ICU. As there is a danger of infection, we are trying our best to keep her infection-free. We are maintaining high standards of hygiene. If more people visit her, the chances of her contracting infection will increase. We are not allowing anybody except her attendant doctors and one family member to meet her,'' said a senior doctor.Sir Ganga Ram Hospital has offered a free intestinal transplant and subsequent treatment. But doctors monitoring her condition say the main concern is that she recovers from trauma.\"She should first be stable. Intestinal transplant is secondary,'' said Dr M C Misra, chief, AIIMS Trauma Centre, who is assisting doctors at Safdarjung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715526", "title": "Private varsities bill gets nod despite opposition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab assembly passed two controversial bills on Friday, paving the way for two private universities to come up in the state even as the treasury benches ridiculed private varsities terming them as teaching shops set up to mint money.Even as the opposition boycotted the session and did not debate the bills, the treasury benches seemed to have taken over the opposition's role as several legislators of the ruling SAD-BJP alliance slammed the private universities and raised apprehension that these would not be in the interest of the students. Despite this, the Desh Bhagat University Bill and the DAV University Bill were okayed.SAD MLA Som Prakash said, \"Lovely Professional University was set up in 2005 and has more than 25,000 students from 26 nations. But... the standard of education needs to be monitored. In a survey done by metro man E Sreedharan, it was found that only 21% of MBA students are capable of jobs, only 12% of engineers can be recruited directly and the rest need training and 36% of students passing out of private universities are not qualified for jobs despite training.\"Nirmal Singh, another SAD MLA, said, \"Private institutions have no seats for the poor. Even at places where they have taken panchayat land from villages on discounted prices they have not bothered to give concession to village children. Government must ensure that they follow norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17716926", "title": "Congress leadership summons Andhra CM Kiran Kumar Reddy to Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amid speculations of a possible leadership change in Andhra Pradesh, chief minister N Kira Kumar Reddy on Saturday rushed to Delhi on summons from the Congress leadership.The chief minister cancelled all his scheduled programmes for Saturday to leave for the national capital, where governor ESL Narasimhan and state Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana are already camping. They are likely to meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi and other top leaders separately.Visiting Delhi for the second time in a week, the governor is likely to brief Sonia Gandhi, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and others about the latest political situation in the state.The visit of the state's top leadership assume significance in view of the governor returning to the state government a file relating to its recommendation not to give permission to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to prosecute senior cabinet minister Dharmana Prasada Rao.The governor has advised the cabinet to reconsider the issue and seek further legal opinion.The development has embarrassed the government and the chief minister is under fire from his critics in the cabinet for passing a resolution in the cabinet rejecting the CBI request for permission to prosecute the minister, an accused in YSR Congress party leader YS Jaganmohan Reddy's disproportionate assets case.The Congress leadership's summons to the chief minister are also significant in view of Dec 28 all-party meeting convened by the central government on the Telangana issue.The party is under pressure from its leaders in the Telangana region to take a stand in favour of the demand for statehood to Telangana.According to some Congress officials, the leadership is focusing on strengthening the organisation in the state in the run up to 2014 elections. They have not ruled out an expansion and reshuffle of the cabinet to give it a new look.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720212", "title": "Aadhar cards: CSC to act as permanent registration centre", "text": "INDORE: Now all the common service centre (CSC) making the biometric identification card or Aadhar Card will be converted into permanent registration centre for Aadhar Card. This will help people in upgrading and making changes in Aadhar card after the completion of the scheme in December 2013.An agreement in this regard has been signed between Network for Information and Computer Technology (NICT)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dagency that is making the Aadhar card and union government. NICT GM Makrand Bhagwat said presently 1000 CSC are operating in 14 districts of Indore and Ujjain division, which will be converted into permanent registration centre for the UID cards.THe further said that UID scheme is set to expire in December 2013 by then everyone is expected to be covered by UID. Even if it is achieved there will work like up gradation and changes in UID cards, now after this agreement government will not have to call another tender to carryout those works.Existing CSC will be converted into permanent centres. So, any one can walk in at the CSC even after December 2013 for UID related works. Union government has created a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to carryout UID work and the CSC have been made the nodal agency and registrar for it. Initially all the CSC had mandate to work till the completion of UID scheme and there were no provision for any future up gradation and changes-With the new agreement now this issues has been addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17713948", "title": "Yesteryear actor gets 3-year rigorous imprisonment for child abuse", "text": "THANE: Sessions judge A Waghvase on Friday awarded three years' rigorous imprisonment and fine to yesteryear small-time actor Huma Khan for the assault and torture of a 12-year-old.The Mira Road police had arrested Khan in 2008 on charges of kidnapping and torturing her maid's 12-year-old daughter for eight months.Khan's rakhi brother, Shamiuddin Shaikh, was also arrested for raping the girl repeatedly. The court, however, acquitted Shaikh.Public prosecutor Hemlata Deshmukh argued for maximum punishment as the minor had bruises all over her body, including her private parts. Khan (42), a bit player who featured in Maine Pyar Kiya, lived with her mother at Mira Road (E).At that time, Reshma, a Nepalese national, used to work as a housemaid with them. In June 2007, Khan shifted to Kailash Kanchan apartment at Undari in Pune, where Shaikh was also based. Khan took Reshma's 12-year-old daughter along with her to Pune without informing Reshma.In Pune, the girl was made to do all household chores, for which Khan would send Rs 1,500 to her mother every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713923", "title": "Jain gurus honour women achievers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leading women luminaries such as singer Asha Bhosle , Supreme Court judges Gyansudha Mishra and Ranjana Desai and industrialist Savitri Jindal were felicitated at an award function supported and guided by The Times Foundation, marking the inauguration of celebrations of The Times of India's 175 years.The function was organized by Happy Woman Happy World Foundation under the auspices of revered Jain Gurus Shri Naypadamsagarji Maharaj and Sadhvi Shri MayanaShriji, at the Balayogi Auditorium, Parliament House, to commemorate Happy Woman's Day earlier this week. The Foundation seeks to contribute to women-related issues including education, equal opportunity and entrepreneurship.Other eminent personalities felicitated at the function were Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit (the award was collected by Kiran Walia, minister of health and family welfare and women and child development, Delhi government), Times Group chairman Indu Jain (the award was collected by Speaking Tree editor Narayani Ganesh), social worker Nirmala Devi Jain, lawyer Nalini Chidambaram, beauty expert Vandana Luthra, Anita Chauhan, Professor Fatima from Iran who teaches Persian and Pakistan's Nilofer Bakhtiyar. On the occasion, Justices Mishra and Desai released the book 'Encyclopaedia of Indian Saints and Sages', written by N K Prasad and Times Group chairman Indu Jain. Justice Mishra reiterated the need to strengthen women rather than treat them as ornamental objects. \"It's good to worship women but learn to listen to them also. Demanding more women judges, Mishra asserted that since 1950 \"we are just two women nyayadheesh (justice). Nyayadheesh should not be gender-specific. They are nyayadheesh, not a man or a woman.\"Sadhvi Shri MayanaShriji maharaj, while lauding the role of woman in a man's life put forth few demands on behalf of women on the occasion. These include a) increase in budget for women's welfare in government expenditure, b) women police stations across small and big cities of India, c) ban/censorship of pornographic films in India to save Indian culture and filtering of Internet information. To commemorate Happy Woman's Day she also called on all men in the country to \"say sorry to their wives, mothers, daughters and sisters\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17712732", "title": "2nd T20: Team India looking for a home run", "text": "MUMBAI: While it is difficult to restore the pride and honour that India lost after surrendering the Test series to England 1-2 and with it a proud home record, there is still plenty to play for as the hosts meet England in the second T20 international at the Wankhede, on Saturday.India, who lost the No. 1 Test ranking thanks to a 0-4 Test series loss in England last summer, have a chance to seek some 'redemption' of sorts as a clean sweep of the short two-match series in Mumbai and a clean sweep against Pakistan (also a two-match series), will see them crowned No. 1 in the instant form for the first time. For the record, they thumped the visitors in the first T20 international at Pune by five wickets thanks to a stellar all-round show by Yuvraj Singh.MS Dhoni, who has witnessed spectacular highs at the Wankhede, none bigger than the World Cup on April 2, 2011, is facing probing questions about his captaincy. Wouldn't it be poetic justice if he puts India on the road to the top spot in T20 at this venue? More than anything, it will help Dhoni buy time as skipper ahead of more searching examinations against Australia.The encouraging sign for the Indian fan is that the team feels at home when playing the shortest format thanks to young, fit, agile and hungry players rather than the outfit that plays in Tests. Dhoni also appears more comfortable leading this group where he has freedom to choose his personnel and take bold decisions.The delight he expressed at the way the team fielded in Pune was indicative of that. The likes of Suresh Raina, Ajinkya Rahane, Ravindra Jadeja and Virat Kohli add an edge to the team, something that goes amiss in Tests, thanks to the presence of a few 'oldies'.Even his most talismanic batsman, Yuvraj Singh, is at ease once the colour of the ball changes from red to white. How else can one explain the immediate success of a man who seemed all at sea against the same opposition in Tests, averaging a paltry 25 in three games, only to be dropped from the fourth one, once the contest was reduced to 120 balls per side!Playing more freely, Yuvraj smashed 38 (21b, 2x4, 3x6) including a game-changing 18 off a Danny Briggs over, to inject momentum to the chase. Interestingly, the same Dhoni, who trusts Yuvraj for not more than three overs in Tests, bowls the part-time left-arm spinner for his full quota in T20 cricket! Yuvraj's spell of 3-19 threw England's charge off gear and it's clear that he offers a more genuine all-round option in instant cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17719617", "title": "Close shave for bird-hit plane", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A JetLite flight from Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport in New Delhi to Dibrugarh had a narrow escape on Friday after it was hit by a bird mid-air. The flight had 135 passengers and six crew members on board, including Union Development of North Eastern Region ( DoNER) minister Pawan Singh Ghatowar and two ministers from Assam.According to Dibrugarh's Mohanbari airport sources, the flight (S-2 4392), which took off from Terminal 1 of IGI Airport at 9.50am was scheduled to land at Dibrugarh airport at 1.35pm after a stop-over in Guwahati.The flight was reportedly hit by a vulture between Guwahati and Dibrugarh, about 20 minutes prior to its landing at Mohanbari airport. Significantly, among the 135 passengers were Development of North Eastern Region ( DoNER) minister Ghatowar, his wife and parliamentary secretary of Assam Jibantara Ghatowar and state cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan, all coming from Delhi, while state water resources minister Prithibi Majhi boarded the flight in Guwahati.Significantly, none of the passengers were aware of the incident when it occurred. \"All the passengers are safe and sound. I boarded the flight in Guwahati. None of us were aware of the incident at that time. I came to know about it only after I reached my home in Dibrugarh, after people called me to ask about the incident,\" said Majhi. Following the incident, the Dibrugarh-Delhi flight at 2pm was cancelled.Another passenger said those aboard the flight were unaware of the incident.Only after our arrival at Dibrugarh did airport officials inform us about the incident. We realize we had a miraculous escape,\" he added. Earlier this week, on Monday, a Spicejet aircraft was grounded just before taking off from Guwahati airport after some passengers detected a fuel leak. The flight was bound for Agartala and Mumbai. Some passengers raised an alarm after seeing the fuel leak and Spicejet authorities immediately grounded the flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714252", "title": "Four cases which shook Karnataka", "text": "Terror haunts missionary womenTheir missionary zeal brought them to India to work among the downtrodden, rural children and women. These two women, one a German, in their mid-twenties were shattered when they were allegedly gang-raped by youths in a eucalyptus grove in Lakshmipura off Anekal taluk on January 24, 2011. The women had missed the 5.30pm bus to Lakshmipura and boarded another. Some men advised them to get down at Kemmanahalla and walk to Lakshmipura. When they started walking, they realized the same group of seven men was following them. A month after the incident, the women left India. The victims were staying at Jnana Jyothi Institute. They had come down to Anekal on a one-year internship to study the functioning of the Stree Shakti project (self-help groups) and life in Indian villages. Every year, foreign interns come to this institute to learn about rural India.Case statusNo witnesses. As victims have left the country, the case was closed.5-year-old raped by two teenagersA 5-year-old girl who had gone to a mango grove with friends to play and pick fruit was allegedly raped by two teenagers at Byappanadoddi village off Hosur Road in Anekal taluk on June 18. Madhura alias Operation Madhu, 19, and his friend Viji, 18, were picked up for the crime. Venugopal alias Belurappa said when he returned home from work, his wife Shivamma told him their daughter, had injuries on her body. The girl had gone to the grove and found the teens drinking. The duo dragged her into a nearby bush and assaulted her. The child's friends informed her parents. The villagers nabbed the culprits and handed them over to police. The child, who was under acute trauma, was taken to Vani Vilas Hospital for treatment. Madhura was a drunkard and was regularly involved in fights with others. He had even sustained stab injuries in numerous clashes.Case statusChargesheet filed and trial is on. The two teenagers are in jail.Gang rape on law school campusA 21-year-old student of the National Law School of India University in Bangalore was allegedly gangraped by eight men within Bangalore University's Jnanabharathi campus on October 13. A second-year law student from Nepal, she was with her boyfriend when a group of inebriated men attacked them and forcibly took them into deep forest. She said the gang demanded money from her boyfriend who told them he had kept his wallet in the car. After sending him to bring the wallet along with one of the gang, the gang sexually assaulted her. The boyfriend saw a beat constable and sought his help following which the goon accompanying him fled. Around midnight, the boyfriend got a call from the girl saying the gang had dropped her near the hostel after attacking her. The complainant was sent to a hospital where she was medically examined and the results proved she was gangraped.Case statusOn October 18, police arrested seven persons from a tribe in Ramanagaram. Another culprit was caught after being shot on the university campus later. The chargesheet filed and trial yet to commence.Bar girls raped in BidadiWhen a group of nine men barged into the rented accommodation of three bar girls in Bidadi in Ramanagaram district on October 19, it brought to mind similar incidents in the 1990s when anti-social elements used to sexually harass women bartenders. Two such goons, Alaimani and Nasru were killed in police encounter. On October 19, two of the culprits were petty criminals as it was revealed following the arrest of nine suspects, including a woman, within a couple of days. The culprits brought a Maruti van and abducted the girls before raping them in a house.Case statusThe woman suspect was arrested as she provided information about victims to the accused and abetted in the crime by conspiring with one of them. The chargesheet filed and trial yet to commence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714327", "title": "Goons pose threat to 'Gunday' shoot", "text": "KOLKATA: Will 'Gunday' defeat the local mastaans or will there be trouble? The question's giving sleepless nights to actor-cum-movie production firm chief Arindam Sil these days.With the shooting of Yash Raj Film's latest venture 'Gunday' set to begin in Kolkata on Valentine's Day eve, Sil, whose company Nothing Beyond Cinema is doing the line production for the film, is praying that local clubs don't disrupt the shooting schedule as they have recently done at on-site shoots.A period film set in the 1970s, 'Gunday', starring Priyanka Chopra , Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar, will be mostly shot on location - a huge risk given the uncertainties linked to locale shooting in Kolkata. But if Sil and others can carry it off with help from the administration, he believes it will pave the way for not only other Bollywood movies, but world cinema to land in the city.\"This is a huge opportunity to showcase the city as an inviting location that welcomes investment in cinema. Since the budget will be around Rs 30 crore, the producer and director are taking a big risk. And much of it is owing to assurances that I have given them. It wasn't easy to convince them. I only hope it will go off smoothly and there will be no cause for regret,\" said Sil.This will, by a long mile, be the most expensive Indian movie to be ever shot extensively in Kolkata. In contrast, 'Kahaani', which was also filmed majorly in Kolkata in 2010, had a budget of only Rs 8 crore. 'Barfi', which had a budget of Rs 30 crore, had very few shots taken in the city as had been the case with 'Parineeta' and 'Yuva'. Only Roland Joffe's 1992 film 'City of Joy' starring Patrick Swayze , Pauline Collins and Om Puri had a bigger budget at $27 million (Rs 54 crore in 1992 exchange rate).Nearly 80% of 'Gunday' will be filmed in Kolkata over 50 days beginning March 13, 2013. The first phase of shooting began in Mumbai earlier this month.\"There are shootings planned in tram depots, railway yards, alleys and slums in the city as well as Purulia. All the necessary clearances are in place. We have kept everyone concerned, including the police, informed of the schedule and have till now received full cooperation.But given the recent experience of local clubs threatening to disrupt schedules unless paid off is disturbing. If we can manage to pull 'Gunday' off without any major hassle, it will open the floodgates to more films being shot in Kolkata and rest ofBengal,\" Sil said on the sidelines of the FiMedia and Entertainment Business Conclave on Friday.Sil, who plays the role of politician in 'Gunday', received the former Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government's complete cooperation during the shooting of 'Kahaani' (he was executive producer of the film), he is worried about the current situation despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee's unstinted support for the film industry.Other filmmakers have reported increased harassment from para toughs in recent times. Filming in Golf Green had never been a problem. But now, whenever a unit takes out a camera, members of three local clubs enter the fray and demand Rs 5,000 each. Director Debarshi Dutta faced a similar situation recently at Rabindra Sarobar despite taking permission from Kolkata Improvement Trust and police.\"When I was to shoot on Sunday, locals appeared demanding money. When I called KIT, there was no response since it was Sunday. We have to become more professional if we are to sell Bengal as a cine destination. It is not the money that rankles but the hassle of negotiating, the time lost in doing so and disrepute it brings to the state when outsiders view it,\" said Dutta.Sil suggested the government set up an online directory on film-making in Bengal - equipment, technicians, locales, logistics - and single-window clearance so that filmmakers from India and abroad get to check out the feasibility of shooting a film in Kolkata and go about the process in a hassle-free and transparent manner. \"Most important, let's honour the guests and make them feel welcome instead of causing inconvenience and making them regret the decision to come here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17713900", "title": "2 brothers molest girl in Kalyan, arrested", "text": "KALYAN: Two brothers molested a girl and thrashed her brother but the police only booked them under minor charges and not for assault in Kalyan (W) on Thursday night. It was only after the media raised the issue with senior officials that the police hurriedly added the assault charge.The incident came as Thane's top cop recently suggested that women should carry chilli powder with them and use it in case of harassment or assault.This is the eighth attack on women in Thane district this month.The 18-year-old victim was going home to Sheetal Nagar, when Raja Rathod (19) and Vijay Rathod (20) started passing comments at Lalchowky road, opposite Sundar Nagar complex, Adharwadi. On reaching home, the girl narrated the incident to her elder brother, who went to meet the two, who are from the same area. When questioned, the two thrashed the victim's brother till some local residents intervened.When the victim approached the Bazarpeth police station, the cops filed an FIR under Sections 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint.), 509 (harassment), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code.The police arrested the accused from their house later that night.Sources said the police took the matter lightly and only when the media raised the issue did they add Section 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt). Senior inspector R R Patil claimed that they had already registered the assault charge.D N Shukla, a local lawyer, said, \"Even though Section 323 is the normal one, by implementing it in the case as the victim's brother was beaten up, the investigators can prove the seriousness of the offence, which will help the police get maximum punishment for the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718313", "title": "Parvati to tie the knot", "text": "Actress Parvati Melton is all set to get hitched. The actress, who made a brief appearance in Mahesh Babu's Dookudu, will tie the knot with her beau Shamsu Lalani on December 29 at a star hotel in Mumbai.The Indian-American actress has been in relationship with Shamsu, a real estate businessman for the last few years. Sources say that some of the top South Indian stars will attend the wedding.The actress has also won a number of beauty pageants, and has many Malayalam and Telugu films to her credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715557", "title": "Vehicle taxation bill divides ruling alliance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Differences between members of ruling SAD and its alliance partner, BJP, on Friday came to the fore in Punjab Assembly on the Motor Vehicle Taxation Bill, even as the House passed 16 bills amidst empty opposition benches on Friday.Some SAD and BJP MLAs, including former minister Manoranjan Kalia, expressed reservations over certain provisions in Punjab Motor Vehicles Taxation (Amendment) Bill 2012 introduced by transport minister Ajit Singh Kohar in the Assembly.Kalia was of the view that the tax charged on commercial vehicles entering Punjab must be fixed on certain parameters, including cost of the vehicle. Sensing that some ruling members are expressing displeasure over certain provisions in the bill, Leader of the House and Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal urged the speaker to withdraw it. \"I think there is some printing mistakes in the bill,\" Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal said urging Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal to withdraw it.The objective of the bill was to increase the rate of motor vehicles tax on transfer of all types of vehicles, discourage tourist sleeper coach buses to ply illegally in Punjab, and to provide tax collection centres to the owner of tourist vehicles of other states while entering. The Speaker withdrew the bill after opposition.The Assembly passed 16 bills, including Punjab Prevention of Human Smuggling Bill. Home minister Sukhbir Badal said, \"Thousands of Punjabis are languishing in jails across the world as travel agents dupe them with fake visas which land them in jails in foreign countries. The provisions under this bill are non-bailable with punishment of three to seven years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714311", "title": "Rs 4,000-crore worth granite to be auctioned", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration is gearing up to auction thousands of granite blocks with an estimated value of Rs 4,000 crore seized from granite companies involved in illegal quarrying at Melur.Collector Anshul Mishra said that a recommendation has been sent to the state government to go ahead with the auction. The date and modalities of the auction would be finalised after receiving the state government's consent, he said.These granite blocks were seized from 86 granite quarries concentrated in Melur taluk during the raids conducted by the revenue officials in August and September this year, after the report of former collector U Sagayam alleging a Rs 16,000 crore scam came to light.After a detailed survey involving more than 300 revenue staff to measure the seized granite stones, the officials found that the granite blocks stacked by the companies in sprawling grounds were to the tune of 16 lakh cubic metres.In fact, the unearthing of the scam was itself turned out to be an exhaustive task. While police focussed on the criminal activities of the granite company owners and went ahead with arresting them, the revenue officials carried out the job of finding the extent of quarrying violations. Though the seized granite alone was estimated to be Rs 4,000 crore, the amount of granite illegally quarried so far and sold by the companies accounted for Rs 10,000 crore, according to the officials.Mishra said that there were a total of 175 quarries in the district. All the quarries were systematically inspected and found that grave violations were committed in 86 quarries. \"An inquiry report has been prepared for 64 quarries. These 64 quarries alone account for Rs 10,000 crore loss to the government exchequer. The report has been sent to the state government and licence of 50 of the quarries have been temporarily suspended,\" he said at the farmer's grievance redressal meeting held on Friday.Mishra said that notices have been served on these quarry owners. The owners have been asked to appear for an inquiry by him. \"In the first phase, 11 quarry owners have been asked to come for an inquiry in the first week of January, 2013,\" he said.Efforts are on to collect penalty from the quarry owners for the loss. \"These efforts are being taken with utmost care under my direct supervision,\" he said.Collector Anshul Mishra said that a recommendation has been sent to the state government to go ahead with the auction. The date and modalities of the auction would be finalised after receiving the state government's consent, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17713917", "title": "Dombivli victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family faces taunts", "text": "DOMBIVLI: The family of a harassment victim said on Friday that instead of gaining sympathy they were being treated like culprits by society. Five boys, including four minors, had stabbed Santosh Vichivara (19) to death outside the gate of his Navneet Nagar housing complex in Dombivli (E) for protesting against lewd comments passed against the girl on December 3.Vichivara was assaulted and stabbed in the presence of 30-35 people but no one went to his aid; neither have they come forward to record statements as eyewitnesses, the police said.The family said that many people stared at them, forcing her brother to shift to his aunty's place in Nashik.\"From the day of the incident, my daughter wants justice for Santosh, for which she is cooperating with the police, as he lost his life for her, while protesting against harassment. But some housing society members are treating us like culprits,\" said the victim's mother. \"Some people have commented that my daughter had an affair with the accused and it was because of her that Santosh lost his life,\" she said.She added that many people had stopped talking to them after the incident.The family is now facing a financial crisis as the victim and her mother have discontinued their jobs since the incident.Manoj Gosar, head committee member of the Navneet Nagar complex, said, \"We heard about the problem and consulted some society residents. We will organize a meeting of society members to discuss the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714745", "title": "This rural service strays from outskirts to encroach on bus routes in capital", "text": "Though the 5000-odd nineseater Gramin Sewas in Delhi were introduced to cater to public transport requirements on the outskirts of the city, they have quickly become a nuisance rather than serve as a safe and reliable mode of transport . Frequently over-crowded and unsafely driven, they were introduced without any planned routes and vaguely allocated to the 'outer periphery' of the city. Till date, they have no 'halt and go' points where they can pick and drop passengers .Initially, their permits were sanctioned without route allocation though now they have 166 routes. However, few follow these routes, instead entering bus routes and picking up passengers arbitrarily . This year alone, they have been caught travelling on routes not meant for them on at least 7,016 occasions, though the actual number of violations is many times over.Traffic cops say they were never consulted by the transport department before the scheme was introduced and have since then written several times to the department bringing the problems to their notice but to no avail. \"Till date there are no halt-and-go points specified for these vehicles. These regularly have more passengers than the authorised limit and have been found to be not sticking to their prescribed route,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic ) Satyendra Garg.Cops say that on many occasions this has led to court challans but the punishment meted out is not sufficient to deter them. \"Sometimes, for driving on the wrong route, which invites a court challan, they are let off with a paltry fine. This doesn't deter the drivers because they prefer taking a risk to ply on lucrative routes,\" said a traffic cop.This year so far, 44,973 Gramin Sewa vehicles have been found to be brazenly flouting traffic rules. A common complaint is that they park anywhere - right from bus stops to right in the middle of the main carriageway and they halt as long as it takes to pick up as many passengers as possible. Already, 16,584 have been found flouting the rule in this regard. Similarly, 2,334 have been found carrying passengers way beyond the legal limit of nine. \"The owners had placed iron rods at the rear and passengers would actually hang from them. We had to break these rods to end the practice,\" said a senior traffic cop.Though these vehicles are supposed to ply only in rural areas, JJ clusters and unauthorized and resettlement colonies of Delhi and are not to cross the boundary of Ring Road, they are a common sight in Kalkaji, Govindpuri, Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, BRT corridor , MG Road, Badarpur in south Delhi and Seelampur, Shakarpur, Mother Dairy Road and IP Extension in east Delhi, among other areas.According to rules, the drivers of these vehicles are required to undergo training and wear a grey uniform with a public service badge (PSV). However, it has been found that many of them don't have even a driver's licence, drink on duty or are not authorized to drive such a vehicle. In 23 cases this year, they have also caused deaths. At least 6,804 have been caught driving dangerously and 2,534 jumping a red light. They are also found driving on the wrong side of a carriageway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714603", "title": "Scarf prevents molestation but laws are strict", "text": "NAGPUR: Apart from the girls who swear by scarves for protection from heat and unwanted stares, very few believe the dupattas or chunnis provide any real or apparent protection to girls. Though there is no clear law against the use of scarves to cover one's face, senior police officials have regularly tried to curb their use, citing the number of crimes by masked criminals on two-wheelers.Legislators, cops as well as lawyers do not feel the need to relax the rules against use of scarves. But youngsters definitely feel differently. \"Covering the face with a scarf reduces embarrassment in case we are eve teased. With increasing concerns about women's safety, I think it is time rules on use of chunni are relaxed,\" said Lina Saha, a student.For Jyoti Vajani, assistant district government pleader and assistant public prosecutor, safety is not the main reason behind wearing a scarf. \"It helps to some extent against eve-teasing, but more importantly, it protects us from pollution and heat, seen in Nagpur in all seasons.\"Asked whether wearing scarves should be officially permitted, she said, \"I don't think it's necessary to authorize it. At present, no one stops you from wearing it, so why make it legal.\" She pointed out that boys misuse the scarf by committing crimes under its cover. \"So, boys should be banned from wearing scarf instead of girls,\" she added.However, Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Ghore feels scarf definitely protects many girls from eve-teasing and horrible comments. She said it should be an individual's choice to wear, and no one should force it.She added, \"It's illegal to stop girls and ask them to remove the scarf, unless it's a high security place. Apart from comments, it also saves us from pollution and heat. Many doctors suggest wearing a scarf for skin problems.\" She suggested that cops should check identity cards of those wearing scarves if they want to ensure security for others.Advocate Bharti Dangre said a circular banning scarves was passed in 2004 with the objective of preventing criminal activities like chain snatching and other street crimes under its cover. \"The circular was set aside by the court and hence, as per the law, there is no prohibition on wearing scarves. So I think there is no sense in making a law to make it 'legal'. But just by wearing a scarf, you can't be safe or prevent eve-teasing. Some girls also misuse the scarf,\" said Dangre.Arguing against the use of scarves, female police sub-inspector VM Dhale said, \"Girls these days use the scarf for many reasons besides skin protection. I don't think it's necessary in the evening. If you are facing eve-teasing, you have a helpline number and also the police to help you.\"Kaushal Pathak, who has recently taken charge as city police chief, said he needs to study the earlier decisions on this topic. \"Though I knew a circular was issued on this issue, I don't have exact knowledge about it. I can comment properly after going through it,\" said the top cop.South West Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis said, \"I think the decision should be left to the individual. If one feels safe by wearing it, then let her do it. It should not be banned. Some prefer to wear scarves only in summer while others wear it in all seasons. There is no need to give official permission for use of scarves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17717932", "title": "Rashtrapati Bhavan starts online booking for tours", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another effort by President Pranab Mukherjee to make Rashtrapati Bhavan accessible to common people, President House will be opened for public viewing on Sundays and for increased hours.An online system of booking for tours of Rashtrapati Bhavan was launched by Secretary to the President Omita Paul, said an official communique.Interested persons can log on to website www.presidentofindia.nic.in and register themselves in the 'online booking' system for visits post-Jan 1, 2013.Beginning next year, Rashtrapati Bhavan will be opened for public viewing on Sundays too and for increased hours from 9 am to 4 pm without any lunch break.Presently, it is open on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Entry is free.\"President is a man of strong democratic tradition and humble beginning. He would like to have as many people come and see life at Rashtrapati Bhavan. He has instructed all the staff to make the President House accessible to people,\" Venu Rajamony, Press Secretary to the President, told IANS.Two routes for such visits have been created and visitors can choose between them.The first route will cover Forecourt, Reception, Lutyens' Gallery, Marble Hall, Kitchen Museum, Children's Gallery, Gift Museum, Durbar Hall, Library, Long Drawing Room, North Drawing Room, Ashoka Hall, Loggia and Banquet Hall. Brief details of each of these places are on the Rashtrapati Bhavan website.The second will include all the above-mentioned places and the Mughal Gardens.President House will provide guides.\"Visits can be booked up to 30 days in advance. On-line Booking provides time-slot options starting from 9 am to 4 pm and also indicates the available days for visit to Rashtrapati Bhavan. Each time-slot will be available for up to 50 visitors. In case of school children visits/group visits, this restriction will not apply,\" it said.After on-line booking, within two working days, confirmation will be sent by email. The status of the booking can be checked on-line using the registration number and date of birth.In case of cancellation of tours due to other official engagements in Rashtrapati Bhavan, information will be sent by email to those who have booked tours.\"The system will operate on first come-first serve basis. Those who do not have email facility or access to the Internet can continue to follow the existing system of writing to Deputy Military Secretary, Rashtrapati Bhavan,\" it said.According to President House, the online booking system will cut down on paper communication and is environment-friendly.\"It will make management of visitors more efficient and provide visitors with a wide option of time-slots. The system has a tour guide management module, which will also be functional from January 1, 2013, using which guides will be allocated to each group of 50 visitors,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713967", "title": "Alarmed parents shuffle routine of children, curb night life", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shaken by the recent gang rape of a 23-year-old student, many parents are looking for ways to ensure safety of their daughters' by imposing 'restrictions' on them.\"I have been attending the 6pm-9pm coaching batch and it suits my routine well. But my parents are so shaken after the incident that they have asked my coaching centre to accommodate me in the otherwise packed afternoon batch,\" said 20-year-old Nitya Arora, who attends CA classes in Laxmi Nagar, east Delhi.However, Nitya's parents are not the only one's making such requests. According to city coaching centers, they are getting many requests from girls for a change in batches - from evening to morning/ afternoon. A coaching centre in South Extension, said a source, has received 17 such requests so far. \"Girls are opting for morning or early afternoon batches. And even those who are attending evening batches are accompanied by parents or a male family member,\" said a counsellor at the centre.Not just this, some parents are even discouraging their daughters from attending late-night parties. \"My mother has clearly told me not to attend the upcoming Christmas party , which my friends had planned weeks ago. My mother has been panicking ever since the Munirka rape,\" said Surili Gupta (24), an MNC executive.Teena Mahajan, mother of a nine-year-old girl, is planning to change her daughter's school and get her enrolled into an all-girls setup. \"We are taking this step for her safety, and we also don't want her to mingle with boys much. My daughter might be upset with the idea of being away from her friends but she will get used to it,\" said Teena, a resident of Jangpura Extension. She added that her daughter hasn't eaten anything for a day as a mark of protest.But then there are some who are happy with these new restrictions. \"I had been asking my parents for a cellphone for a long time now, but they kept delaying it. But after this incident, my parents readily gave me a cellphone so that they can contact me anytime, especially during emergencies,\" said Aastha Punj, a student of Class VIII.\"I have downloaded an application on my phone through which my parents can track my location anytime,\" said Garima Sachdeva, an MBA student with a private university.While parents are doing their bit, many girls feel these 'restrictions' are not enough to prevent rape. \"Rather than asking us (girls) to stay indoors, it would be better if parents tell their sons not to rape. The problem is with the mindset of men and not with girls,\" said Ruhi Jha, a student in DU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17714368", "title": "Ara hooch tragedy kingpin held", "text": "ARA: Bhojpur police, acting on a tip-off, raided Kaura village under Jagdishpur police station and arrested kingpin of recent hooch tragedy Mantu Singh on Friday.Later Mantu was forwarded to the Ara jail. Bhojpur SP MR Naik said Mantu was wanted in connection with the hooch tragedy and was absconding. The police had already attached his movable property at Kaura village.He stated that police were tipped-off that Mantu Singh was hiding in his native village at Kaura.The police swung into action and arrested him and forwarded him to jail. At least 35 persons, mostly belonging to SC community, had died after consuming spurious liquor in between December 7 to 9 at Anaith and other localities in the district. With the arrest of Mantu, the number of arrested persons in hooch tragedy rose to six.Crushed to death: One Chhota Gond (35), a resident of Nawada Ben village under Bihia police station area of Bhojpur district, was crushed to death by a speeding vehicle near his village on the Ara-Buxar main road on Friday while he was trying to cross the road. Later, the police brought the body to the Ara Sadar Hospital for post mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714977", "title": "China boosts polio drive in Xinjiang", "text": "China has tried to boost the morale of WHO's polio workers after the recent killing of nine vaccinators in Pakistan. Praising their work, the Chinese health ministry said it will go ahead with anti-polio programme in its Xinjiang province. Noting that polio is endemic in Pakistan and Afghanistan across the border from Xinjiang, Luo Huiming, deputy director of China's National Immunization Programme, said \"it's still at risk of infections, which know no boundaries\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714429", "title": "Fog disrupts several flights", "text": "KOLKATA: Three aircraft were diverted and several flights delayed after the first major fog of the season disrupted flight schedules at Kolkata airport on Friday morning. The situation is likely to persist over the weekend.The first major fog of the season disrupted flight schedules at Kolkata airport on Friday morning, forcing diversion of three aircraft and delaying several flights.Though Kolkata airport is equipped with Category II Instrument Landing System that allows takeoff and touchdown up to 350 metre visibility on the runway, aircraft have to be also equipped with CAT II system and pilots trained on it.Eight departing and three arriving flights were hit. The incoming flights- Jet Airways from Bangkok and SpiceJet and IndiGo from Delhi - were diverted to Guwahati and Bhubaneswar, while the departing flights were delayed by 20-30 minutes.However, seven flights did take off during the period using CAT II technology. The fog situation is expected to persist on Saturday and Sunday.Meanwhile, IndiGo began its international operations from the city on Friday with a flight to Bangkok that was packed to capacity. Airline president Aditya Ghosh, who was in the city to flag off the flight, said IndiGo was keen to connect three more international destinations - Singapore, Kathmandu and Dubai - from Kolkata. \"We will also introduce two domestic connections, one to Bagdogra in April 2013 and another to Agartala in mid-February. We will look at connections to Ranchi and Surat in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714611", "title": "'Brought to Chandigarh in small consignments'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Youth in the Tricity want a high the high end way. For them this makes the heroin variant diacetylmorphine preferable to cheaper drugs like poppy husk and charas, which are highly in demand in other states.However, NCB sources said, \"Chandigarh based peddlers do not take risk of keeping a huge quantity of high end drugs. They always bring these narcotics to the city in small consignments. That is why not a single Chandigarh based peddler was arrested with a huge quantity of drugs during the past so many years.\"On October 15, the Mohali district police recovered two small machines and 1,195 polythene packets, in which heroin was supposed to be supplied from the rented accommodation of the Nigerian youth Michel Chuk in Phase 3BI. The foreigner was arrested along with an Amritsar resident for possession of 2kg of heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714612", "title": "Bouncers of discos under police radar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bouncers of different discos in city were the main links through which peddlers Gagandeep and Saurabh were operating their drug trade in City Beautiful, according to police. Cops obtained three-day police custody of both peddlers to confirm the names of bouncers on Friday.Police have also obtained call details of complainant Shanaya alias Sweeti Sharma for establishing the links among all involved. While seeking five days police custody of peddlers, police claimed in the court that names of bouncers would be ascertained during further interrogation.Accused Krishan Kumar, manager with a Sector 22 hotel in which Radhika was given the drug, was also remanded in three days police custody. The manager was arrested for facilitating accused Gagandeep while giving him a room and providing beer.Sources said accused Gagandeep, who had reportedly given heroin to Radhika, is frequently changing his statements before the investigation agency. Giving a new twist to the information about the main supplier, Harjot of Amritsar, accused now claims that Harjot had also supplied the narcotics near a disco in Sector 9 and earlier claimed that Harjot meet him in Amritsar, sources added.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"Apart from investigating the statements of Gagandeep and Saurabh, all contact numbers in the call detail lists of two peddlers, model Sweeti Sharma, Radhika are being checked and persons are being contacted.\"Hotel records seized, CCTV footage obtainedPolice officials claimed in the court that record of hotel in Sector 22 has also been seized and CCTV cameras are being checked for obtaining the footages of the day when accused peddlers and victim Radhika had entered the room on December 17. Police maintained, while seeking custody of manager Krishan, that there are chances of damaging of CCTV footage by accused Krishan in the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17718984", "title": "Congress to scan scope of political realignment in state", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh along with senior Congress leaders will meet party workers here on Sunday to discuss the political situation in Jharkhand in the wake of differences between the two major ruling partners, the BJP and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM).The senior party leaders will try to assess the mood of workers for a possible alliance in the state for the formation of an alternate government, in case the present ruling alliance breaks. Sources in the party said there had been all sorts of claims and counterclaims within the state unit over Congress making a move to form an alternate government if Arjun Munda fails to keep the alliance intact.\"A section of Congress leaders are of the opinion that the party should not be a part of any effort to form a government. Instead, efforts should be made to take advantage of President's Rule and work to strengthen the organization at grassroots level before the next assembly and Lok Sabha election. On the other hand, there are leaders who are eyeing to be part of any government that will be in place and then work among masses and win their support. The senior leaders will try to assess the ground realities and take a decision,\" said a source. The party leaders will also get an opportunity to review the state affairs in Jharkhand better as JMM is will hold a meeting of its core committee to discuss the current political situation on Saturday.\"If the JMM takes any decision on its alliance with the BJP, then our leaders who will be present here can even have a dialogue with the JMM leaders on future government,\" the source added. Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee spokesman Sailesh Sinha tried to play safe and said it is too early to jump to any conclusion. \"At present, we cannot think of any new alignment in the state as the JMM and BJP are part of the government. Let the JMM take a decision, only then will we think of a dialogue,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17706618", "title": "Sonam to seek Rekha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s guidance", "text": "Sonam Kapoor , who's doing the remake of Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Khubsoorat, is very excited to reprise the role originally played by Rekha.Before she starts shooting for the film being produced by papa Anil Kapoor , Sonam wants to understand the character well and accordingly prepare for it. And to ensure that she's well prepared, she will also be meeting Rekha, to seek her help and guidance.Seems Sonam is making an apt choice, for Khubsoorat is one of Rekha's iconic movies for which she also won the Best Actress Award that year. And Sonam is aware of the challenge to deliver a performance expected from her in the remake. So who better than Rekha herself to ask for advice on how best to go about enacting a role made memorable by her in the original?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17715047", "title": "Madrassa teacher sentenced to 22 years in prison for raping minor", "text": "KANNUR: The Kasaragod district sessions court on Thursday sentenced a madrassa teacher to 22 years in prison for raping and sodomizing a 10-year-old girl in 2008. Judge K Bhaskaran also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the teacher. If the fine is not paid, he will have to serve an additional six months in prison.Bedakam police said the accused VT Ayyoob, alias Ayyoob Sakhafi (28), a native of Moorkkanad near Kulathoor, was awarded 10 years each for raping and sodomizing and two years for attempting to destroy evidence.The case was registered at Bedakam police station on August 10, 2008, under Sections 376, 377 and 506 (1) of the Indian Penal Code. The police said Ayyoob had lured the girl into his room at the madrassa and raped and sodomized her and threatened her with dire consequences if she revealed the truth to anybody. The girl fainted after she came home and when parents asked her, she broke down and revealed everything. A case was registered and Ayyoob was arrested.The police said Ayyoob was working at the madrassa since 2005. Of the 21 witnesses in the case, 15 were examined during trial. District public prosecutor K Vinodkumar appeared for the prosecution in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17719664", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party women's bodies want death for gang rape accused", "text": "GUWAHATI: Activists of Aam Admi Party(AAP), All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) and various local women organizations took out protest marches across the city on Friday demanding death penalty for the accused in the Delhi gang rape that took place on December 16 and seeking safety of women in the state.The AAP activists intensified their protest on the banks of Dighalipukhuri here chanting slogans for stringent measures on the part of the government. They demanded that the government engage enforcement agencies to create a secure environment for women in Guwahati.\"We want the government to act in letter and spirit. If a boy can go out of his home after 6pm, why can't a girl do so? Anything less than a death penalty to the accused in the Delhi gang rape case is injustice to the rape victim,\" said Gurpreet Singh, one of the founder members of the AAP in the state.He also raised concern over the kind of 'response' women in the state are getting in police stations. \"In Assam, we have seen that even after being harassed, many women are unable to register cases against the culprits. The women in the state are not sure that police will provide security for them. The government should especially instruct the police stations to provide immediate help to women,\" Singh added.Students and activists also lit candles on the banks of Dighalipukhuri praying for the speedy recovery of the medical student who was gang raped in a bus in Delhi recently.\"Like Delhi, girls are also not safe in Guwahati. The authorities should keep strict vigil in buses, cinema halls and other public places so that women feel secure. Many girls are scared to travel by bus at night in Guwahati,\" said Archismita Choudhury, a student of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Guwahati campus.Activists of the AIDWA and Students' Federation of India (SFI) took out a protest rally in the city condemning the cases of atrocities on women. AIDWA and SFI sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through the deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district demanding exemplary punishment for the accused in the Delhi rape case. The organizations also demanded adequate measures to prevent a repeat of the Delhi incident in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17719797", "title": "Lenovo launches IdeaPad Yoga convertible laptops in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chinese PC-maker Lenovo launched IdeaPad Yoga- 13-inch and 11-inch in India.IdeaPad Yoga 13-inch model weighs 1.54kg, runs on Windows 8 and is powered by Intel Core i3 processors. The company claims that it has a battery life up to eight hours.The device can be flipped 360 degrees to transform into a tablet. It is available in the market for Rs 84,290.IdeaPad Yoga 11-inch variant weighs 1.25kg and the company claims a battery life upto 10 hours. The device runs on Windows RT and is powered-on Nvidia Tegra 3 processor. IdeaPad Yoga 11-inch model lets users watch HD movies and play games. The device is available in the market at Rs 61,790.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17715515", "title": "Cognizant buys six companies of Germany\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s C1 Group", "text": "CHENNAI: Cognizant on Friday said that it has entered into an agreement to acquire six companies of the C1 Group. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed. The C1 Group is a consulting and IT services group with 200 million euros in revenue in 2011 and has more than 1,200 consultants and IT specialists across a wide range of industries.Cognizant will be acquiring the six companies of the C1 Group viz., btconsult GmbH, C:1 Solutions GmbH, psc Management Consulting GmbH, C:1 SetCon GmbH, Enterprise Services AG and C:1 Holding GmbH. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2013, after statutory approvals.The acquired companies focus on the areas of manufacturing and logistics, energy and utilities, and financial services. These companies bring expertise in enterprise application services (specifically SAP), and high-end testing services that range from test consulting, strategy and design, to implementation.According to the agreement, about 500 professionals across multiple locations in Germany and Switzerland will join Cognizant. \"We look forward to welcoming C1's talented professionals to Cognizant,\" said CEO of Cognizant, Francisco D'Souza. \"This strategic acquisition underscores our commitment to the German and the larger European markets, and reinforces our position as one of the top consulting and IT services companies across the region.\"\"International expansion is critical for parts of the group to continue our strong growth, develop better solutions for our current and future customers, and provide greater opportunities for our employees,\" said C1 founder Wilfried Forster. \"The merger of the C1 companies with Cognizant would support Cognizant's growth strategy for Europe and create a bond with C1's remaining companies,\" said Forster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17715400", "title": "Missing girl rescued from Bihar", "text": "HOWRAH: A 17-year-old girl, who had gone missing from her house at Belur's Netajinagar early last year, was rescued by the Bally Police on Friday from Bihar's Shonpur. The girl was on her way to Howrah till last reports came.Girl trafficking has taken alarming proportions in the state, with the number of missing girls from North Bengal crossing 6500. Very few of them are ever rescued. Hundreds more are feared trafficked from places like the Sunderbans.Police said the Belur girl was found to be performing at a dance show in the Shonpur Mela, one of the popular fairs in Bihar. Police will interrogate the girl to know more on the matter. Howrah police DC, headquarters, Nishat Parvez said a probe was on.Police said the girl, a Class-IX student, had gone missing on February 1, last year. Her family members filed a missing diary. However, the girl could not be traced.The family members, later, complained that they suspected the girl had been kidnapped and a subsequent complaint was lodged at the police station. Police started a probe based on the complaint, but the girl still remained untraced.A few days ago, some locals of Netajinagar - who knew the girl - had gone to Shonpur in Bihar's Hajipur area. They spotted the girl at the place and immediately informed the girl's family in Howrah, who in turn got in touch with the Bally Police.The Bally Police formed a special rescue team and sent it to Shonpur to rescue the girl. The team reached Shonpur on Wednesday and rescued the girl. Police sources said that the girl was seen dancing at the Shonpur fair. Police will interrogate the girl in detail to find out how she reached Bihar and whether it was the handiwork of any girl trafficking racket. Police were also trying to find out those involved in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17719351", "title": "Schoolkids cook midday meal in E Singhbhum block", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Though midday meal scheme has been the most influential tool of the government in drawing village students to schools, no one ever though that the children themselves would be put to work in preparing the meal in the school one day.The new primary school at Bedadih in Dudhposi in Dhalbhumgarh block, about 70km from here, is one such school in East Singhbhum where the students are engaged in cleaning and washing the rice before it is cooked. Ideally, the school administration should have taken care of the preparatory work of the meal, but owing to the absence of the school principal and the school teacher from the campus, the minor children were asked to assist the cook.The school principal, Singrai Murmu, reportedly comes to school regularly but leaves the campus after registering his attendance in the roster and was not available for comment, while another faculty Jhunuram Murmu, is learnt to be under suspension for the last several months.\"The job of preparing midday meal rests with the lady cook (Sita Hansda) who manages the affair with the support of the minor children,\" said a local villager whose seven-year-old son studies in the said school. If children are to be believed, their involvement in the midday meal preparation is not new. \"Often, we are asked to help the aunty (lady cook) in preparing the meal,\" said a six-year-old tribal girl. The school with a strength of about 30 children has two teaching faculties.When approached, cluster resource person (CRP) denied receiving any such complaint about the school in the past. \"If the school has engaged the children to prepare the meal, then it's indeed sad and unfortunate. However, I will ask the CRP (cluster resource person) to look into the matter, following which I will be in a position to take further action,\" said Dhalbhumgarh block education officer, B D Kushwaha.Many a teacher employed in the far-flung villages in the Ghatshila subdivision are in the habit of skipping the school after registering their attendance fearing Maoists presence. Dhalbhumgarh block is a Maoist-affected area of East Singhbhum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17718144", "title": "Project for street dwellers in January", "text": "KANNUR: Streetlight, an ambitious project conceived by the department of social welfare and social security mission in the state for the rehabilitation of street dwellers, will be launched in the New Year.\"Though the government had formulated many projects for street dwellers, nothing has taken off in the real sense but we have developed the concept of Streetlight learning from the past experiences and we are confident that it would achieve the goal,\" said an official with the department of social welfare. \"Though our plan is to launch the programme in the first week of January, we cannot make an official confirmation before the government order (GO) is issued,\" he added.The project will be launched in Ernakulam district first. Officials said those dwelling in streets, including beggars and mentally-challenged people, would be identified and rehabilitated in facilities managed by the mission under the project.\"To begin with, we will offer this facility to men and boys. We will arrange facilities for women as well in the second phase,\" social security mission executive director Dr T P Ashraf said.According to rough estimates based on studies by some private groups, there has been a 6% increase in the number of street dwellers in the state and a majority of them are from other states, but no official survey has been conducted and hence there are no statistical details about street dwellers in the state.However, considering the huge number of street dwellers, government facilities are not sufficient to accommodate all of them and hence the department is seeking the support of voluntary organizations and NGOs. In Ernakulam, they have identified Theruvoram, an organisation, to partner with the project. tnn\"Streetlight is not just about giving them a shelter, we would also collect their details and make all possible efforts to send them back to their families, and those who don't want to go back would be protected by the government as we don't want anyone to go back to the streets,\" Ashraf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715202", "title": "Shevre murder case: Suspect still at large", "text": "NASHIK: The murder of 24-year-old youth Deepak Shevre, who was killed with his throat slit in Sambhaji area of Untawadi on Thursday night still remain unsolved as the Sarkarwada police launched a manhunt to find the killer at the earliest.Deepak Shevre, a resident of Kranti nagar slum was killed in Sambhaji Chowk around 7.30 pm. Police said that Shevre left his home for some work near the office of the assistant director of the town planning department on Untwadai Road. There he met Laman Popat Gore who was from his neighbourhood.An argument broke out between the two after which Gore slit Shevre's his throat using a sharp weapon and also caused injuries on chest and fled from the scene.Meanwhile, senior police officials including DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde and senior police inspector of the Sarkarwada police station Suresh Sapkale rushed to the crime spot. However, the killer had already fled the scene by then.The victim was rushed to the civil hospital. Police informed that initial reports suggested that the argument between the two broke out when Gore demanded money from Shevre for drinking liquor, which culminated in a scuffle in which he latter lost his life.The deceased was known as a soft spoken person and never indulged in any kind of quarrel or argument, according to the police. He was unmarried and is survived by his mother and three elder sisters who are married, the police informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713156", "title": "Railway hospital officer thrashed after worker attempts suicide for sexual harassment", "text": "CHENNAI: The chief health inspector of the Perambur Railway Hospital was beaten up by workers after one of their colleagues attempted suicide on Friday, alleging sexual harassment by him. A Nagaraj was later placed under suspension.Police said Alamelu, 42, who consumed rat poison after coming out of Nagaraj's room in the afternoon, is recovering at the hospital. The resident of Railway Colony, who joined the hospital three years ago after the death of her husband, came to the hospital around 8.30am. Soon, she was called to his room. A couple of minutes later, she ran out crying and went into a small room. Her colleagues, baffled by her act, followed her and found her on the floor. She was admitted for treatment and it was found that she had consumed rat poison.Later, several of her angry colleagues went to confront Nagaraj. The chief health inspector, who was attending a conference, was called outside the hall and beaten up. The workers and a few activists later demanded disciplinary proceedings against Nagaraj.Sources said that Alamelu had recently told some of her colleagues that she was unable to bear the torture meted out by Nagaraj. He had scolded her several times for turning up late for work, they said.Alamelu lodged a complaint with the ICF police alleging harassment by Nagaraj and said he often used vulgar words against her. The health inspector lodged a separate complaint against those who attacked him and said the complaint against him was false. Alamelu was frequently absent from work, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714143", "title": "Dindigul SP to probe newborn kidnappings", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the Dindigul SP to make a study of newborn kidnappings and asked him to submit a report in that regard.This direction was given by the division bench comprising Justices M Jaichandren and S Nagamuthu while hearing a habeas corpus petition, filed by Balamurugan of Palani Taluk in Dindigul district. In his petition, he prayed for the custody of his one-year-old son.According to him, he had borrowed Rs 5,000 from one M Mariammal from the same locality on October 24, 2011 for medical expenses towards his wife who was pregnant at that time. Meanwhile, she was admitted at the Palani GH for delivery and gave birth to a male child, Eswar.\"Suddenly Mariammal approached me and demand immediate repayment of Rs 15,000 including the principal amount and interest. As I was not able to pay it, she took my son Eswar and told me to get back the child after repaying the money,\" the petitioner stated in his petition.Mariammal has the habit of identifying poor people and lend them money. When the repayment is not done in time, she used to take the children. Regarding this incident, the Palani Town police have registered a case. However, there was no fruitful action on their part. So, he filed a petition against the police and other accused, the petitioner mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719593", "title": "Kalyani Malik ran away from home", "text": "Kalyani Malik was a fan of Kishore Kumar since childhood and used to listen 'Binaka Geetmala' on radio every day. His father and brother (MM Keeravani) were working in Chennai in films when Kalyani Malik ran away from home at the age of 14.He later started his film career as chorus singer, joined as composing assistant under Keeravani, became a playback singer with 'Sannajaji Puvva' song in Yuvarathna film and eventually debuted as music composer for the film Aithe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715188", "title": "SP govt not promoting civil aviation in state: Ajit Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Accusing the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh of not taking any interest in promoting the civil aviation sector in the state, Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Friday said that the ministry has been seeking UP government's support for developing airports in at least six cities, including one in Meerut, Bareilly, Faizabad and Gorakhpur, since March when Samajwadi Party came to power.\"However, they did not even acknowledge the communications, leave aside taking steps on that direction,\" Singh said, while speaking to reporters in Lucknow. \"Airports boost development in the state. More and more industries would be set up around the airports, which would eventually give a boost to the state's economy. In other states, airports have been developed in even small towns. But in Uttar Pradesh, there are only two of them (Lucknow and Varanasi). UP government, apparently, is not interested,\" he added.It was in October when Singh sought UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's intervention for upgradation of airports in Jhansi, Agra and Meerut. In case of Jhansi, the airport was handed over to the Army in 1990 by the state government, which had received it from AAI in 1985. According to Singh, the transfer of the airport from the state government to Army was done without the concurrence of the AAI. The minister had then urged the state government to consider handing over of Jhansi airport back to AAI to cater to ATR type of aircraft operations.The ministry has also sought Akhilesh's intervention in allocation of land for construction of a civil enclave in close vicinity of the Agra airport, which belongs to the Indian Air Force. The AAI, after an on site visit had identified 55.29 acres of land adjacent to the boundary of the airport for the purpose. Likewise, the ministry has also sought transfer of Meerut airport to AAI. The AAI has already carried out a per-feasibility study to develop the airport into a 'C' category airport that can cater to civil schedule operations. The ministry had requested the state government to transfer the airport along with 433 acre of land to AAI on April 26.Singh said that though UP accounts for 18% of India's population, air traffic is only to the tune of around 1.8%. \"This was insignificant and did not commensurate with the developments in other states,\" he said. Citing a study by National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER), the minister said that in Delhi alone, 16 lakh jobs were created because of the Delhi airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714891", "title": "BJP-Sena adopts wait and watch policy on special investigation team to probe irrigation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though it is more than apparent that the special investigation team (SIT) probe into the Rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam will be an eyewash like the white paper, BJP and Shiv Sena leaders refrained from commenting on it in their concluding press conference.Leader of opposition in state assembly, Eknath Khadse, replying to queries regarding the toothless SIT said, \"We had demanded that SIT should be constituted under Commission of Enquiry Act. The government has not announced the details so far. We will comment on the SIT when that happens.\"On human right activist Medha Patkar terming SIT head Madhavrao Chitale as pro-government, Khadse said that she opposes everything. He also refused to comment on deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's impending return to the power and finance ministry.Khadse, Tawde and Shiv Sena leader Vinod Ghosalkar said that the ruling coalition had left Vidarbha high and dry. \"We had demanded increased minimum support price for cotton, soyabean and cotton but the government did not accept it,\" Tawde said.He also slammed CM Prithviraj Chavan for not declaring a much expected relief package for drought-hit areas. \"He just mentioned the measures being taken under existing government rules, which is very unfortunate,\" said Tawde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17719961", "title": "Govt to audit Khasgi Trust", "text": "INDORE: In a decision that will give the government more power over the controversial Khasgi trust, it was decided on Friday that a special audit of operation and records of the trust will be carried out along with the appointment of two Officers on Special Duty (OSD) to oversee its work.The meeting of Khasgi Trust that took place on Friday was presided over by former commissioner of Indore BJ Hirdi and was attended by divisional commissioner of Indore Prabhat Prashar, trustees Satish Malhotra, Usharaj Malhotra and representative of PWD.Divisional commissioner Prabhat Prashar said, \"It has been decided in the meeting that an audit on the operations and records of the trust since its inception will be carried out the government. The audit report is expected to come in two months.\" He added that the meeting also approved the appointment of two OSDs who will work with the secretary of the trust. Retired joint collector of Indore KN Dubey will be one of the OSDs and the other name will be finalised in few days.The Khasgi Trust has been in a controversy over sale of some land in Haridwar. The trustee claimed that the land has been sold to cover the expenses incurred on operations of the trust and that have done anything wrong by doing so.The trust was set up by Ahilya Bai during her regime with properties all over the country. The objective behind the formation of the trust was to ensure independence to the women in the Holkar dynasty, so that they did not have to depend on their male counterparts for their maintenance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714851", "title": "Real ordeal begins after the torture", "text": "NAGPUR: A victim of sexual harassment at workplace was turned away repeatedly from Ambazari police station earlier this year. The employee of Central Board for Workers Education (CBWE) had to knock the door of the court to get an offence registered.A former attorney of a reputed lawyer had been running from pillar to post to register her complaint of being sexually exploited by the legal practitioner, but her voice was never heard due to political intervention.In July 2010, a 20-year-old victim was made to run to and from city police chief's office and Nandanvan police station before her complaint of rape was registered.An engineering student was assaulted by a former friend on the road this year. The friend also attempted to kidnap her, but Ambazari police station did not take any action.A victim was turned away from Government Medical College and Hospital without medical examination as there was no experts available in the night.The unending saga of torment at the police station, during medical examination and at the trial stage, seems to stretch the victim's torturous experience that it often becomes difficult to measure whether it is the perpetrator or the system that wronged her more.The city has witnessed wrong to a woman to the extent that the police could not stop their colleague from allegedly raping a victim twice within a span of four months. The perpetrator may have been jailed and expelled from the service, but the victim still lives under the fear of being attacked and humiliated once again. Her father received such a shock that he has been bed-ridden since then.Madhuri Sakulkar, president of Bharatiya Stree Shakti, said a woman's ordeal of having to narrate her plight of rape or molestation to a stranger at police station is like repeating the horrendous experience. \"We need a safe city audit from women's point of view,\" she said. Sakulkar said four times of the reported cases are the ones which go unheard or unregistered without the intervention of criminal justice system. Police should immediately start awareness campaigns for women through helpline 1091, meant for reporting such matters.The social activist also felt that if the girl is from lower middle class and without backing then there are lesser chances for her to be heard. Corporator and advocate Rekha Barhate said the cops often ensure that they make woman feel that it was her fault which resulted in the incident. \"The way a cop often would look or speak to a woman at the police station where she likely to reach first after the incident can make her experience a sordid one,\" she said. \"The woman reaches police station with the belief that she would be able to punish the culprit but her confidence level starts lowering once she steps into the arena of criminal justice system,\" said Barhate. She said the support and participation of women's organizations and counselling centres should be welcomed to reduce the plight of wronged women.Former assistant commissioners of police Madhuri Godse said women personnel should be relied on for recording the statement and probe such matters of atrocities. \"Defence counsels often drag the complainant to reveal such details and narrate such events in the open court which is outrageous for a woman. The entire society cannot get down to the extent of ravaging a woman at different levels,\" said the former cop.Godse said while it may be true that a woman may lie about a particular situation of exploitation but such a possibility cannot also be denied that a crooked mind can cook up something to take revenge. \"Justice should be ensured to the one wronged and the perpetrator punished,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714276", "title": "Elevated expressway likely in Madurai to limit congestion", "text": "MADURAI: If all goes well, the temple city would get an elevated expressway that would bring down traffic congestion in arterial roads to considerable extent.Madurai collector, Anshul Mishra, has asked the officials to explore the feasibility of an elevated highway in the city.Though the elevated expressway is just in the conceptual stage, awaiting detailed feasibility study by the officials, traffic planners feel that the city needs one desperately. The highway authorities are set to commence the study shortly that would take into account the extent of vehicle movement - intercity and intra-city traffic - in various stretches, the need for alternative roads in those stretches, land requirement for such an expressway, besides the cost factor.For now, the officials have been instructed to commence the construction of two flyovers that were announced by chief minister J Jayalalithaa during the recent collector's meeting held in Chennai.Mishra asked the highway officials to prepare detailed project reports for the two flyovers at Kalavasal and Goripalayam Road intersections. The Goripalayam Junction, in particular, has remained an eyesore for the city on the traffic front. Despite attempts by the traffic police to reduce traffic in the five-road intersection, Goripalayam continued to bog the traffic planners of the city.With the chief minister giving the go-ahead, the detailed project reports (DPR) for the two bridges estimated at Rs 100 crore would be ready in a month. The DPR would be sent to the state government for approval and the work is expected to commence immediately thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718506", "title": "Pakistani singers introduce themselves as Indians abroad: Sukhvinder Singh", "text": "Dressed in bermuda and black ganji with a scarf thrown around and sipping green tea, this is how we encountered Sukhwinder Singh while he was in Ranchi recently to perform at Gunj mahotsav. \"I love coming to Ranchi. Its so green and so beautiful that it somewhat reminds me of my home back in Punjab,\" he tells us during a freewheeling interview .Currently in the prime of his career, Sukhwinder, who, he says, was launched into Bollywood music scene by Kollywood (By A R Rehman and Mani Ratnam in Dil Se ), has gone strength to strength through his rustic voice and power packed songs. \"It has been more than 10 years since Chhaiyan Chhaiyan . Though I have sung only 90-100 songs over the period, the last seven months have been really busy. I have recorded over 200 songs, many of which have been chartbusters, doing stage shows in India and abroad, so yes, I'm loving it all.\"Ask him whether he felt insecure with rising influx of singers from reality shows and of course, from across the border and he shrugs it off. \" Yaar duniya ke saare gaane maine hi thodi na gaane hain. Sabke liye bohot kaam pada hai bas shart ye hai ki kaam acha hona chahiye, usme bande ka passion dikhna chahiye . And those who are capable to do it are doing it well. Then who am I to complain about anything or feel insecure. Also, mujhe samajh nahi aata ye Hindustan-Pakistan har jagah kyun aa jata hai . Vo saare ke saare toh yahin aa gaye hain to farak kya bacha. Hamari industry ka naam hi bas Bollywood hai otherwise its an international film industry. Everyone is welcome to come here, perform and earn recognition. Vo bhi kahan jayenge jab unki government hi unko tang kar rahi hai . Infact, jab abroad me koi show hota hai aur vahan Pakistani artistes jate hain to apne ko Indian hi batate hain . Internationally they are considered Indian artistes only,\" Sukhwinder says.An occasional music composer himself, Sukhwinder is also a firm backer of encouraging young music composers and giving them an opportunity to prove their mettle. \"One of the reasons I've been so busy this year are the new music directors. Usually everyone ignores them, because though they have got passion, they are lacking experience to handle big singers. So I told them all that I'm willing to work with them and share my experience with them all. And you can see the result yourself. Banjaara song from Ek Tha Tiger had Soheil Sen, who is a new composer. Then, Kya Super Kool Hain Hum also had a new composer and songs turned out to be really good,\" he avers.The much acclaimed singer also feels that reality shows are not his cup of tea. Though he had hosted Amul Voice of India 2 as a judge with Ismail Darbar, Sukhwinder feels that the current form of reality shows have 90% drama and only 10% talent. \"Though reality-show is in itself, a great concept to scout of new talent but these days the shows have been reduced to more of a tamasha and less about music. The channels feel that if they'll create more music, it won't help with their TRPs but creating a scene or a standoff will. Unfortunately, the participants are also falling for the trap as though talking rudely or behaving aggressively on a show may garner you some publicity but won't do you any good in the long run. Filhaal to mujhe to lagta hai ki tamasha hi reality show ki reality ban ke reh gaya hai. Tamashe se style zyada acha hota hai . I feel the singers are no less than actors in terms of their placement and visibility. Hence, instead of ruining their future over needless clashes, they should do more to cultivate their own individual style and remember that the world is made up of special persons only and they are very few. \" he says.With keen interest in sports, especially wrestling and hockey, Sukhwinder feels that had it not been music, he would have been a sportsman instead. \"I wanted to represent my country in sports but then music me hi acha ho gaya to ye hi career ban gaya . Though I still go to my village in Punjab and organise many sport events. I'm also working to fund the traditional wrestling akharas as the Indian wrestling association has made it compulsory for the players to practice on mattresses only. So I and my team are planning to supply mattresses to those akharas who cannot afford it themselves,\" he informs us.Sukhwinder also feels that artistes should not harbour the feeling of competition among themselves as it gives rise to a feeling of insecurity. \" Main kabhi kisi se bhi competition ki bhaavna nahin rakhta kyunki competition ki feeling se hesitation badhta hai aur hesitation badhne se insecurity. Competition karne se acha hai ki flirt karo . In fact, mujhe to lagta hai ki jo artist jitna zyada successful flirt hai vo utna zyada successful or creative hota hai. Chahe main kitna bhi busy hun par din mein do ghante me mujhe chahiye hi hote hain flirt karne ke liye . Flirting is a very healthy thing until and unless you are not playing with somebody's emotions of using them for their own personal gains,\" he says before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714822", "title": "CAG report contradicts Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation's on irrigation potential", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is some more contradictory data on the states' irrigation projects about which Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has been making tall claims. VIDC's annual report for the period 2010-11 that was tabled in the state assembly on Friday says that almost 14.30 lakh hectares of irrigation potential has been created. This comes to 49% of the peak capacity that can be achieved in the region.However, a performance review of VIDC conducted by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), for the same period, says that the corporation has been able to create irrigation potential of not more than 3.82 lakh hectares till March 2011, as against the targeted 15.74 lakh hectares.In the annual report VIDC claims to have built infrastructure with a capacity to irrigate as much as 14.30 lakh hectares by June 2010. The CAG report was tabled in the assembly on April 2012 followed by VIDC's annual report in December.Putting forth a mesh of statistics, VIDC report reads, \"Geographical area of Vidarbha is 97.426 lakh hectares. This is 31.73% of Maharashtra's cultivable area. Out of this an area of 57.03 lakh is cultivable in Vidarbha, which comes to 26.90 % of the state's total cultivable area. The ultimate irrigation potential of Vidarbha is 28.95 lakh hectares and an irrigation potential of 14.30 lakh hectare has been created which comes to 49%.\"Private contractors, who work for VIDC, say that the figure seems to be very much inflated. \"The figures have been inflated,\" said a contractor. When the variation as against the CAG report was pointed out to Prafulchandra Zapke, executive director of VIDC, he said that he will have to look into the matter.The CAG report has further points out that of the irrigation potential of 3.82 lakh hectares created at a cost of Rs11,732 crore only 26,000 hectares can be ultimately irrigated. VIDC report on the other hand has no mention of the actually irrigation achieved so far, but has pegged the expenditure till June 2011, at Rs17,732.96 crore.Potential is pegged only with the dams that have been built, but canals are needed to take the water to the fields, said contractors However, VIDC frequently comes up with lucrative tenders for building dams ignoring the canals. There have been instances when tenders for bigger structures are issued even before the proceeding canals are built, said a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714649", "title": "Depressed over failure in examination, student ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Depression over failure in examination led a 20-year-old engineering student to commit suicide. Pranay Raut, a student of Kavikulguru Institute of Technology and Science, Ramtek, was found hanging from the ceiling hook at his Misal Layout residence in Jaripatka on Friday afternoon.No suicide note was found by police. Raut took the extreme step after his mother had gone to a nearby office to make an identity card while his father, an employee of government hospital, and his elder brother had gone for duty. Jaripatka police have registered a case of an accidental death.Man robbed of valuablesIt seems that the robbery cases in and around marriage halls are on the rise. On Thursday, a 73-year-old woman of Lakhni in Bhandara reported to Sitabuldi police that she was robbed of her gold ornaments worth Rs1.5 lakh kept in a purse.On Friday, a 27-year-old youth from Khamgaon, who had been to city to attend a marriage, came with a similar complaint that thieves robbed him of valuables worth Rs2 lakh kept in his bag.Virendra Zadokar was in city on November 15 for cousin's marriage at Gokulpeth. He returned home at Khamgaon when he noticed that the bag containing valuables was missing. He reported the matter to Khamgaon police who then passed the case to Ambazari station. A case of robbery was registered on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718582", "title": "BJP rules in south Gujarat's tribal belt", "text": "SURAT: BJP has re-asserted its presence in the tribal belt of south Gujarat by winning 10 of the 17 seats. The party won majority of the tribal seats spread across Bharuch, Narmada, Surat, Tapi, Dang, Navsari and Valsad districts with convincing margins. For Congress, it was a repeat of a dismal performance in an area that had once been its citadel .In Bharuch and Narmada districts, the party failed to open its account. Ironically, Bharuch is the home district of Ahmed Patel who is the political secretary of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and a senior Congress leader. In the last elections, the party had won Jambusar and Vagra seats in Bharuch along with Dediyapada in Narmada. Congress chief whip in the previous assembly Iqbal Patel lost his Vagra seat to BJP's Arun Rana by 14,318 votes. Mangrol constituency of Surat district saw former speaker Ganpat Vasava of BJP trouncing Tejas Chaudhary, who is younger brother of Union minister of state highways Tushar Chaudhary, by 31,106 votes.On Bardoli seat, Nitin Rana of the Congress was defeated by the BJP's Ishwar Parmar with the margin of 22,272 votes. This seat came into prominence as the Bardoli Congress president Kunwarji Halpati, after being denied a ticket, had switched sides to the BJP and had caused a considerable damage to the Congress. tnnWhile the Congress managed to retain its stronghold on Vansda seat as Channa Chaudhary was elected from there, it could not make the expected gains in Umbergaon assembly constituency.The BJP's vote share in the tribal areas of south Gujarat has gone up to more than 52 per cent from 48 per cent in the previous elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17719604", "title": "Funds dearth in transport dept delays bus fare concession for students", "text": "GUWAHATI: Lack of funds in the state transport department has delayed the implementation of concession in city bus fares for students. Sources in the department said that the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Kamrup (Metro) district doesn't have fund to print identity cards for students which would allow them to travel at concessional fares in buses in Guwahati as well as other parts of Kamrup (Metro).The RTA of Kamrup (Metro) in November announced concessions in city bus fares for students, senior citizens and disabled persons for travel in the district.\"Private transport associations are unwilling to bear the expenditure for printing the identity cards for students and want the RTA to print them. We are hopeful the issue will be resolved soon,\" said Kushal Hazarika, secretary of the RTA, Kamrup (Metro). He said a minimum of one lakh identity cards will be required in the district to be able to implement the student concession.\"Private transport associations are against concessions for students of private schools. Their opinion is that since students of private schools pay big amounts as tuition fee, they can afford to pay normal bus fares. So, we need to have a serious discussion with these associations soon regarding implementation of the student concession as provided by the RTA,\" Hazarika added. A source in the RTA said it is unlikely that students will start getting concessions this year.On the other hand, though transporters claimed that they are providing concession to the disabled and to senior citizens as fixed by the RTA, the ground reality is different. Many bus conductors are not even aware that senior citizens and the disabled should be given concession. \"We have instructed bus conductors to give concessions to senior citizens and the disabled. Since concession in bus fares in Guwahati is a new concept, more awareness is needed for implementing the scheme,\" said Pradip Das, secretary general of All Assam Motor Transport Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720056", "title": "Externed Congress corporator surrenders", "text": "INDORE: Congress Corporator Anwar Qadri, who was externed under the NSA, surrendered on Friday in the High Court. Defence lawyer Sohanlal Nagar said that his client Anwar Qadri who is a Congress corporator from ward number 15 had come to the court at around 10.30 am to surrender. The High Court verified the arrest warrant of Qadri and ordered to take him into custody. \"He would be sent to Bhopal jail,\" said Nagar adding that the related formalities were completed by 7.30 pm. Qadri is being tried for various charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718336", "title": "No intention of slowing down in 2013: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "He's enjoys being the workaholic and Shah Rukh Khan lived up to this image when announced recently that that he no plans in slowing down in the New Year.\"I have no intentions of slowing down in 2013. I want to keep doing two films a year, and start working on one more if possible. Acting is what I enjoy the most. I have been working for 20 years and I have no intention of taking things slow. In fact my 2013 begins with me hosting an awards show, which will be my first project in the new year. \"Speaking about his current projects, Shah Rukh said, \"Currently Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express is keeping him busy and Deepika and I are both shooting for the same in Wai/Panchgani at the moment.\"On being asked abut hosting award shows and the credibility of awards, SRK said with his trademark candour, \"It's an honor to be associated with awards. And when it comes to awards I feel blessed when I win any award. Without the critics category, popular stars will take away all the honors. But there is some phenomenal talent out there that's need to be honored. I have won awards in many peculiar categories but I love them all. I win awards for my children. Like other children ask for toys, my kids ask me what awards have I got for them. As long as I get them (awards), I have faith in them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17720044", "title": "Dal Khalsa suggests life imprisonment till death for rapists", "text": "JALANDHAR: Stressing the need to add stringent measures in the existing law, Dal Khalsa has suggested life imprisonment till death without parole for rape accused and has also emphasized on bringing members of the security forces under its purview. Expressing anguish about the incident of gang rape of 23 year old woman in New Delhi on Sunday, the organization termed it as a reflection of degradation that has crept into Indian society.Party spokesperson Kanwar Pal Singh and general secretary Dr Manjinder Singh said there was no doubt that it was a most ghastly act, something beyond imagining.They said the brutality in which the rape has been done has not only shocked but shaken every sensible person. They blamed the silence of the society in the past as major reason for recurrence of such shameful incidents. \"Since this time, the civil society has vented their anger and deep pain, let us not allow it to go in vain,\" they said. Expressing sympathy with the victim and consoling her parents, they said apart from strict legislation, what needs to be done was to change the sick mentality of our male-dominated society.They regretted that the Indian state in order to humiliate the collective consciousness of the dissenting peoples and nations allowed its security forces that enjoyed impunity, to use rape as a 'tool' against the ethnic minorities and struggling peoples in Kashmir, Punjab, Assam , Nagaland and also against tribals and pro-naxal sympathizers. They pointed out that there should not be any impunity to security forces or mobs that indulges in violence against women including rapes.Joining a debate about the quantum of punishment for the accused in rape case, they expressed reservations on voices demanding death penalty. \"Death penalty is not a deterrent to any crime\". However, they suggested that it should be life imprisonment till death without parole.They said the stringent law against rapists was necessary because it was the same sick and brutal mindset of that society that was reflected when frenzied mob under the patronage of then rulers dishonoured hundreds of Sikh women during the Sikh holocaust of Nov 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17716660", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Protests must lead to action, ex-Army chief VK Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief Gen VK Singh said on Saturday that outrage over the gang rape of a girl in a moving bus in Delhi must be used to bring about systematic changes.\"These protests need to have an outcome,\" VK Singh said.\"The failure of the police in Delhi needs to be addressed,\" VK Singh added.Former Army chief Gen VK Singh joined a large number of protesters gathered at the India Gate on Saturday to demand justice for the young student who was gang-raped in Delhi.Protests are being staged in many parts of the country, with people coming out on the streets of cities like Mumbai, Bangalore, Shimla, Thiruvanathapuram and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715508", "title": "HC restrains Punjab Public Service Commission from holding main exam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday restrained the Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC) from holding the main examination of Punjab Civil Services (Executive), which was to be conducted by the commission to fill 160 posts.The directions were issued by the high court after hearing a petition alleging discrepancies in the answer sheets of preliminary examination. The petitioners, Surinder Pal and others had sought direction of high court for setting aside the results and merit list prepared by the PPSC on December 11.According to petitioners, the discrepancies in the answer sheet have been admitted by the commission, who granted grace marks to all candidates.This was violation of statutory rules, resulting in unjustified enrichment to various candidates who had not admitted the questions.Further arguing the case of Haryana, wherein too, similar discrepancies had been pointed out and high court had issued directions to refer the matter to an expert committee, petitioners pleaded for similar directions to PPSC in this matter.After hearing the petition, HC issued notice to PPSC asking them to file their replies on the matter till January 10, when the matter has been fixed for further hearing. Court also ordered the commission to put the entire selection process on hold till the next date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17715464", "title": "Youth dies of fire lit by room heater", "text": "MANALI: A 26-year-old youth of Chhota Bhuin village of Kullu district died in a blaze triggered by an electric heater on Thursday night. The dead youth, identified as Amit Kumar , was home alone at the time of accident.According to police, the victim had probably switched on the heater, which set his quilt and blanket on fire. His body was handed over to his relatives after a postmortem.Bhuntar, at a distance of about 10 kms from Kullu, recorded the coldest night of the season on Thursday, with temperature at -0.2 degrees Celsius. Residents use heaters, tandoors and even charcoal fire to keep the premises warm. Every year, there are incidents of people dying because of fires triggered during the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719054", "title": "Kartik and Nushrat's daredevil act for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAkaash Vani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Wide Frame Picture's upcoming romcom 'Akaash Vani' was recently shot in Kulu Manali for a snow sequence. Kartik Tiwari and Nushrat Bharucha who earlier acted in the hit movie 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' were required to do a 15-feet high slide stunt without any support.At first, Nushrat, who is extremely sensitive to cold, was very skeptical about doing the scene without any harness. Kartik on the other hand was totally geared up for the same, given his adventurous nature. He even convinced Nushrat that it was totally safe and that she would enjoy doing the stunt.The two were minutes away from shooting the scene when Nushrat gave in to a very severe frost bite! Though this delayed things by a few minutes, the sporting actress prepared herself and gave the shot in just 2 takes.Apparently, she was heard telling the team that it was nothing like she had imagined. In fact, it felt more like a joy ride of sorts and she wanted to do it again! Written and Directed by Luv Ranjan AkaashVani is produced by Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak. The film is slated to release on 18th Januray 2013!How much the film will be received by masses is something that is highly debatable because Pyaar Ka Punchnama was more about guys and their friendship, on the other hand this is a love story and the two actors do not have a high recall value so all we can do is wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713312", "title": "Supreme Court rejects Achuthanandan's plea against high court order", "text": "KOCHI: The registry of the Supreme Court on Friday declined to entertain an urgent petition filed by Kerala's opposition leader VS Achuthanandan challenging Kerala high court's order allowing the Italian naval guards, accused of shooting two Indian fishermen, to visit their homeland for two weeks.The registry declined a hearing for the petition, filed through advocate R Sathish, citing the absence of a copy of the high court order that modified the bail conditions of the naval guards to allow them to visit Italy.On Thursday afternoon, a single bench of the high court had allowed a petition by the naval guards, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, seeking modification of bail conditions to enable them to visit Italy for two weeks to celebrate Christmas.In the petition to the Supreme Court, the opposition leader contended that in the absence of a bilateral treaty between Italy and India, the high court order based on undertakings by the Italian ambassador and the consul general of Italy was invalid.Achuthanandan also argued that he was constrained to approach the apex court in the absence of an appeal by the state government against the high court order.It was also argued in the petition that the apprehension of the marines not returning for trial was raised by the by the state and central governments during the hearing of their bail pleas before the high court in May this year. Impounding of the passports of the marines were included in the bail conditions by the high court in view of the apprehensions raised by the central and state governments at the time. However, the high court order on Thursday nullifies those conditions, the opposition leader contended.The strife of the relatives of the two victims shot dead by the marines was equal to the strife of the relatives and the central government's stance and the high court order do not strike a balance between the two, Achuthanandan alleged in the petition.Talking to TOI over phone from Delhi, Achuthanandan's counsel Sathish said a copy of the news reports of the high court order that appeared on The Times of India and Hindustan Times were produced as exhibits in the petition.Though the urgency of the petition was pointed out by stating that a chartered flight sent by Italy to take the marines home was waiting at the Kochi international airport, the registry declined to forward the petition for urgent hearing without a certified copy of the high court order, the counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712967", "title": "A 3D film that shows Australia faces similar concerns as India", "text": "COIMBATORE: What can be done if there is no more space left for constructing mansions and roads, as well as? One of the possibilities is that there will be floating as well as submerged cities. The cities of Australia may have to take that route before 2050 which may now be only in science fiction and novels, says 'Now and When: Australian Urbanism', a 3D architectural short film which was screened on Friday at the Contemplate Gallery, above Rajashree Ford Showroom, at Avinashi Road, in the city.David Holly, the Australian Consul General for South India, said that Western Australian cities like Melbourne and Sydney are fast developing. The need for more facilities and advanced development may require floating cities, submerged cities and creation of more desert spaces. The movie done by Creative Art Director, John Gollings, is a photographic study from a helicopter, of the existing Australian urban conditions and a series of speculative imaginings of future Australian cities.The 14-minute movie which has won several awards on design and art will be exhibited in the city from 11 am to 6pm till December 28. The movie is shown in several parts of the globe. Holly said that the movie shows the concerns facing their country which shares many of the same concerns with India.There are several agreements and understandings between the two countries. Around four lakh people of Indian origin are in Australia. Bilateral relations are growing in several fields. There is a proposal to transport gas from austral which will reach Cochin. From there it would be transported to Erode and to even Bangalore. Australia which has some large coal reserves will share them with India. Agreements to share uranium may materialise in the near future, he added.Partnerships in different sectors are on the rise. There are 69 Memorandum of Understandings (MoU) by Tamil Nadu institutes with Australian institutions. Similarly, there are collaborations in the fields of trade and industry too, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714488", "title": "Lehar Singh bats for Narendra Modi, blames party bosses", "text": "BANGALORE: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi not meeting his target of 150 assembly seats has found a sympathizer in Karnataka: BJP MLC Lehar Singh Siroya. He has blamed the BJP central leadership for allegedly creating hurdles for Modi.An innocuous advertisement in TOI's New Delhi and other editions by Lehar Singh on Friday stating jeeta hai Gujarat, ab jeetega Bharat,'' could have been overlooked as another congratulatory message to Modi. But, according to Lehar Singh, the advertisement was an eye-opener'' to the BJP central leadership to stop humiliating mass-based leaders in the party like Modi, former CM BS Yeddyurappa, Kalyan Singh and Vasundhara Raje and marginalizing them.Lehar Singh is a close confidant of Yeddyurappa, but has refrained from identifying himself in public with him or his Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).Modi would have won 130 seats. He lost because BJP national president Nitin Gadkari did not resign after corruption charges were levelled against him, Gadkari's statement that the party will select the prime ministerial candidate only after the 2014 elections and also because of Keshubhai Patel,'' he said.Modi is not part of the BJP parliamentary board which is the highest decision-making body and which has members like M Venkaiah Naidu, Murli Manohar Joshi and Thawar Chand Ghelot who are nobodies in their respective states,'' he maintained.Citing examples of purported humiliation to these leaders, he said those incharge of the party were persons who lost assembly and parliament elections, but preach to Yeddyurappa on elections. He recalled the controversy over Yeddyurappa's son BY Raghavendra being given the Lok Sabha ticket when there was no such debate over making Anurag Thakur an MP and BJP yuva morcha president when he was a member of a cricket association in Himachal Pradesh.He said that Kalyan Singh had not been allowed to function independently. The party should either tell him to go or respect him. After Kalyan Singh's exit from UP, the party is headed by leaders who give upadeshas (advice), but can do nothing to check the strength in the assembly from sliding,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17715524", "title": "Warrant against HP Cong MLA in murder case", "text": "PANCHKULA: A day after he won the assembly elections from the Doon constituency in Himachal Pradesh , Congress MLA Ram Kumar Chaudhary is on the run as a Panchkula court on Friday issued arrest warrants against him and three of his accomplices for their role in the murder of a BEd student, Jyoti Devi.Even though police raided Chaudhary's house in Baddi area of Solan district on Friday, the MLA managed to give cops the slip. The arrest warrants against Chaudhary and his aides Gurmeet, Dharam Pal and Paramjit Singh were issued by a local court in Panchkula.DCP (Panchkula) Parul Kush Jain said, \"The interrogation of Chaudhary and three others is required in the case in which Jyoti from Hoshiarpur was found murdered in Sector 21 here on November 22. Chaudhary and others were missing from their houses in Baddi when the police team reached there. Chaudhary is on the run since the murder of the BEd student and we have strong evidence against the four persons.\"Police said Gurmeet and Dharampal were close relatives of Chaudhary, and Paramjit was the driver of the MLA. Though district police registered an FIR in the case on November 22, it is for the first time they revealed Chaudhary's role in the murder.Butti Ram, father of Jyoti, had filed a complaint with Haryana police alleging that Chaudhary had close links with his daughter and he could be involved in the murder. Butti Ram also stated that Chaudhary had visited his house during the marriage of his younger daughter in September, 2009.Surprisingly, a team of Panchkula police was also present at the victory march of Chaudhary on Thursday in his constituency but the cops failed to question him. Chaudhary won the Doon seat with a margin of 3,830.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17716573", "title": "Charmme to do an item song in Ram Charan's Nayak", "text": "Looks like actress Charmme is busy doing item numbers besides top heroes in big ticket films. After scorching the screens with her item number 'Sakkubai' in Nagarjuna-starrer Dhamarukam, Charmme is all set to sizzle in another item number. This time, the Punjabi-kudi will be shaking her leg with Ram Charan in his upcoming film Nayak to be directed by VV Vinayak.\"Ful nite shoot for #NAYAK ... Having fun shaking legs vit Ram charan ... Hope u guys make dis song too a hit .. Wait til Sankranti to watch\" (sic), posted Charmme on her micro blogging account.Charmme will be sharing the screen space with Ram Charan in the item number 'Nellore', which is currently being canned in Ramoji Film City. Naayak audio was recently released and has got a good response and'Nellore' number is tipped as one of the best item songs in the recent past. SS Thaman composed music for the film, which has Kajal Agarwal and Amala Paul in the female leads.Apart from Nayak, Charmee is working on couple of others projects - Prema Ok Maikam, in which she'll be seen as a sex worker and a Bollywood film, which has Vivek Oberoi, Sanjay Dutt and Arshad Warsi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713063", "title": "Madras high court tells ship owner to pay Rs 87 lakh to kin of crew", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly seven weeks after M T Pratibha Cauvery ran aground during Cyclone Nilam and six crew members perished in an escape bid, the Madras high court has ordered compensation ranging between 9 lakh and 24.4 lakh to the families of the deceased sailors.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar directed the vessel owner, M/s Pratibha Shipping Company, Mumbai, to pay a total of 87.45 lakh as compensation to the legal heirs of the six victims.While the family of engineer Anand Mohan will get 24.45 lakh compensation, the kin of Joman Joseph and Krishna C Puthiya Purayil will get 18 lakh each. The families of three others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d K Niranjan, Khamitkar Raj Ramesh and Rushabh Jadhav \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will get 9 lakh each.Making it clear it was interim compensation and that it should be deducted from the 30 lakh already deposited by the company in court, the judge said the legal heirs of the crew members could move appropriate forum for determining further compensation payable to them.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar further said that if the vessel owner wanted either to move it out of the territorial jurisdiction of the Madras high court or sell the vessel, it should deposit Rs 5 crore or furnish bank guarantee for the amount for a period of three years or give an immovable property worth Rs 5 crore as security.As for the 17 surviving crew members who too filed petitions seeking payment of salary arrears, the judge said the company must calculate the admitted arrears of salary payable to them till October-end and pay it in four weeks. In case of dispute over the quantum of arrears, the crew could move the court for remedy, he said.With regard to the criminal investigation into the circumstances leading to the grounding of the vessel and the death of the six sailors, he directed the city police to complete investigation and take appropriate action within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17715008", "title": "Fate of no shopping frontage rule still in balance", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told the state assembly that urban development department (UDD) was considering the proposal of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to do away with the no shopping frontage rule for 24 roads in city. The Nagpur high court had stayed construction of further shops on these roads as development control rules (DCR) do not permit it. NMC had turned a blind eye to this rule for long.The pendency of the proposal was raised by BJP MLAs of the city including Devendra Fadnavis through a calling attention motion. DCR had this provision to avoiding crowding and parking problem on main roads of the city. But the city's builder lobby wanted it struck down. Ignoring the interests of common citizens, the BJP-ruled NMC sent a proposal to UDD in 2008 to do away with the rule.A Nagpurian, Anil Wadpalliwar moved the HC against this proposal. The HC did not stay it per se but stayed any further construction on the 24 roads. The government wrote to NMC in March 2012 stating its proposal could not be considered until the matter was sub-judice.NMC again wrote to UDD in November that the HC stay did not prohibit government from doing away with the rule. The government then sent the proposal to director of town planning. Once his opinion is received, government will take a decision. The builders have already started lobbying for a positive and speedy decision.When the city is facing lack of parking spaces, Fadnavis demanded through his motion that the government should delete the reservation on parking plazas near the ring railway stations. The ring railway has been scrapped but parking reservations remain. However, CM categorically refused to change the reservations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713304", "title": "On a treasure hunt for art's sake", "text": "KOCHI: Walking along the streets of Fort Kochi, Alka Pande felt she was on a treasure hunt. From Aspinwall House, she walked along the Kalavathy Bridge to the Mattancherry Bazaar, stopped at various venues and knew for sure that this biennale is a different one.Pande, an acclaimed curator, who has been the driving force behind many perceptive exhibitions in India and abroad, is a regular at biennales across the world. And she is all praise for the country's first edition of the international art show.\"This is a fabulous project; a lot of energy has gone into it,\" said Pande after she completed her day-long tour and rushed to the airport for her flight .She added that since the city has many layers of history, it is a perfect venue to host such an event. And the works are all site-specific.Pande visited the city after a gap of 15 years. Earlier, she came to the city for an exhibition of paintings by Mumbai-based Tina Chandroji. She inaugurated the painting exhibition at Chaithanya art gallery on Thursday.\"I should have come a little later, because the event is yet to be staged fully. There are projects to be completed, video presentations to be made,\" Pande said.The curator, who is known for blending traditional and contemporary styles, has a piece of advice of the event organizers. \"Make the organization more democratic, insist on an event director and include more artists from across the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719461", "title": "Aadhaar cards from January for Janani Suraksha beneficiaries", "text": "RANCHI: Payments under the Janani Suraksha Yojana scheme will be made on the basis of Aadhaar cards in four districts of Jharkhand from January. At present, beneficiaries are paid through cheques. The director in chief (health), P Chandra, said this new mode of payment will start in four districts - Ranchi, Ramgarh, Hazaribag and Saraikela - from the beginning of next year. Aadhaar cards for the scheme will be introduced in other districts in April.\"From January 1, we will start this new system of disbursing payments to the beneficiaries. We will extend it to other districts from April 1. Earlier, the beneficiaries needed to open a separate bank account and payment was made only through cheques. But now the Aadhaar card will be enough to avail of the financial assistance,\" he said.Chandra further said a committee of all the deputy commissioners (DC) of the districts has been formed for the purpose of monitoring and implementation.\"The onus will be on this committee to ensure enrolment of beneficiaries of Janani Suraksha Yojana for the Aadhaar card scheme,\" he said.The director in-chief also said the pregnant women have been identified and the list for January has been sent to all the primary health centres, community health centres and district hospitals. Janani Suraksha Yojana is centrally-sponsored scheme under National rural Health Mission and is aimed at reducing rate of maternal and neo-natal mortality.\"It integrates cash assistance with delivery and post-delivery care. Expecting mothers in the rural areas will receive Rs 700 and a pregnant woman in urban areas will receive Rs 600. It's the job of the Accredited Social Health Activist (ASHA) workers to identify beneficiaries and report to the Auxiliary Nurses Midwives (ANM) and bring the women to primary health centres,\" said Chandra. She needs to assist the woman to obtain BPL certification if BPL card is not available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714144", "title": "Gurgaon women unite to 'fight back'", "text": "GURGAON: In the wake of the Delhi gang rape case, city women have planned to arrange self-defence classes for themselves on Sunday.The event - Fight Back, I Dare - is being organized by a Facebook group, Gurgaon Moms and Seam Group, a security and risk management organization run by Veena Gupta.The event will be organized on Sunday at Leisure Valley at 12 noon where Gupta will impart the training and awareness on self-protection techniques.Gupta said, \"This initiative needs to be taken by all the residents of Gurgaon to ensure that girls, and women friends are empowered in dealing with various aspects of life with confidence.\"Some of the topics that will be covered are safety and protection techniques, carjacking, kidnapping, rapes, road rages, and gunpoint threats and any other crisis situation. Till Friday, 30 women have already pledged their participation.Gupta said, \"We all know that police and authorities cannot be everywhere all the time. Family members cannot be around all the time and even if they are it is difficult for them to protect us every time from the demons of society.\"There are no charges for attending the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714098", "title": "Gurgaon power-less after snags in plants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most parts of Haryana, including cities like Gurgaon, plunged into darkness on Thursday night as five power plants developed technical snags and were closed down temporarily, reducing the production by around 2,000MW.Haryana has a total power generation capacity of 5,303MW. Power distribution companies were able to supply only 3,200MW on Thursday against a demand of 4,700MW. The situation is almost similar on Friday also.According to discoms, power demand was expected to go up to 5,100MW. Haryana power minister Ajay Singh said the supply will be streamlined by Tuesday.Among those units which were shut down included two 600MW units at the thermal power plant at Khedar (Hisar), two 250MW units at Panipat thermal power plant and one 300MW unit at Yamunanagar thermal plant. One 660MW unit at Jharli power plant is not functioning since December 9. Industrial consumers faced longer power cuts over and above the scheduled shut downs of six hours while domestic consumers in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Panchkula and Karnal had to depend on generators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712898", "title": "Gounder groups join Paattali Makkal Katchi's platform against inter-caste marriages", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after he announced the formation of a joint platform of intermediate caste groups in Madurai to prevent inter-caste marriages and to get the SC/ST Act amended, PMK leader S Ramadoss on Friday managed to rope in Kongu Vellala Goundergal Peravai, which claims to represent the gounder community, and a breakaway group of its political arm, Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam, in his campaign. This is the first time that PMK, the political arm of vanniyars, has joined hands with an influential outfit representing gounders for a common cause. While vanniyars are powerful in Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri districts, gounders are a powerful economic group in the rest of western Tamil Nadu.The Peravai, which had vowed to fight inter-caste marriages involving dalits much before PMK took a similar stand, was the chief organizer of the Coimbatore meeting chaired by Ramadoss to expand the activities of the All Community Forum to Fight for Amendments in Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities Act) and Prevent Inter-caste Fake Love Marriages). The meeting was attended by over 50 caste groups including Thevar Peravai, Pasumpon Thevar Makkal Iyakkam, Reddiar Peravai, Uppiliyar Naicker Peravai, Naidu Naicker Peravai and Thennindyan Segunthar Makkal Peravai. In a bid to resist the allegation that it was a meeting exclusively of non-dalit Hindu groups, the organisers roped in Ummer Farooq, leader of a Muslim group Marumalarchi Muslim League, who shared the dais with Ramadoss, gounder leader G K Nagaraj and PMK leader G M Moni.However, a large number of dalit activists gathered in front of the hotel where Ramadoss had convened the meeting. Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam conducted a procession with cadres wearing sun glasses, t-shirts and jeans, the context being Ramadoss's reported comment that dalit youths were luring vanniyar girls wearing such outfits. Some of the activists also wore green leaves saying the colour of love was green. VCK activists courted arrest waving black flags.Dalit groups have been protesting at Ramadoss's meetings as these have acquired a strong anti-dalit edge. The anti inter-caste marriage campaign has further fractured the relations between dalits and backward castes, with increasing incidents of caste tension reported from the state.At the meeting, Ramadoss and Nagaraj came down heavily on Dravidian parties, Communist parties, VCK and the English language media for undertaking a \"vicious campaign against vanniyars and gounders\" terming them as caste fanatics. They blamed newspapers and television channels for \"blowing the violence in Natham village in Dharmapuri out of proportion\" and giving it a caste dimension.A resolution was adopted at the meeting seeking to raise marriageable age of women from 18 to 21 and men from 21 to 23. \"VCK is inciting violence against backward castes. We are not against real love marriages. What is happening in Tamil Nadu now are marriage dramas with the aim of cheating women from backward castes to swindle money from their parents,'' alleged Mony.However, Nagaraj denied the allegation that the caste groups were in the process of floating a state-level political alliance. However, sources in his party confirmed that the new forum is a prelude to forming a political party or at least a political alliance of caste groups. Political analysts view the development as an attempt on the part of PMK to shore up its political capital by uniting various backward caste communities in the state on an anti-dalit platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714529", "title": "Gyan Vani FM Radio set up in Patna", "text": "PATNA: The Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), New Delhi, has set up Gyan Vani FM Radio station here with the objective of broadcasting educational and development programmes for the benefit of distance learners of this region.A six-member steering committee headed by Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has been constituted to guide the Gyan Vani radio station. Other members of the committee are director of Electronic Media Production Centre (EMPC), IGNOU, station director of All India Radio, Patna, director of State Institute of Educational Technology, director of Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library and director of Bihar Education Project.According to a notification issued by IGNOU on Friday, the steering committee will finalize the programme mix, the fixed point chart, transmission sharing etc. It would meet once every quarter to take stock of the situation and decide future course of action. It will also form a subcommittee known as the Acquisition Committee to decide on the titles of softwares to be acquired by the station, to invite proposals and listen to the programmes approved for broadcast from Gyan Vani and send details to IGNOU for sanction. The committee will follow the rules and procedures laid down by EMPC advisory committee. The term of the steering committee will be of two years, the notification says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17715458", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Outrage spills onto Shimla streets", "text": "SHIMLA: The hill town of Shimla has been credited to be peaceful and secure city for womenfolk, but the Delhi gang rape has sent shock waves amongst residents, who are out on roads to express their outrage. Besides this, students, groups of different organizations are organizing signature campaigns and silent protest marches to express outrage over the incident and solidarity with the victim.College admiral of the oldest girls college, St Bede's, Maheema Dutt said, \"We are a pained lot after the incident and it raises concern over the safety of girls and women. I had voted for the first time for the assembly polls, but this incident has robbed us of the excitement of results and has shifted our focus towards the crime, we need a sound mechanism in law to make women feel safe and a threat is there for such criminals that they think twice before committing any crime.\"She added, \"We are organizing a signature campaign in the college against this incident and our right to live with dignity. Though Shimla is still safe, we do not have a toll free number or helpline. Within the township many street lights are dysfunctional and this kind of lack of infrastructure raises issues that some eve teaser or stalker may be on prowl in the dark lanes.According to statistics, crime against women in the state has increased in the state as well with as many 920 cases of crime against women registered in 2002, 874 in 2005 and these stood at 1083 in 2009, 1,145 in 2010 and 1,112 in the year 2011. The state commission of women had planned for a toll free helpline number as well as online access to women nearly a year ago, but nothing has materialized till now. Commission chairperson Dhaneshwari Thakur, said, \"The incident is really shameful and distressing and we want that the culprits to be hanged to death.\"Though HP is a peaceful state, she added, \"we are trying to curb menace of crime against women through awareness\". \"Besides other initiatives, we have been organizing awareness camps in different parts of the state regarding constitutional and fundamental rights of women, domestic violence act and health related issues and we have our personal numbers and office numbers ready anytime to attend to the grievances of the women or men who approach us. We are working on the toll free number and the online access mechanism where women and girls can reach us easily,\" she said.While nearly 500-700 students, including boys, of Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) carried out a foot march, carrying placards justice walking nearly 7km from the university campus to the Ridge and Mall road till the DC office, demanding speedy action against the culprits.Monika Chauhan and Sumit Mahajan, students of HPU said, \"We have submitted a memorandum to the President, Prime Minister of India and CM through deputy commissioner, so that speedy trial is conducted in the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17715357", "title": "CBI arrests five cops in Sadiq case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the results of Gujarat assembly elections were announced, the CBI swung into action by arresting five Gujarat policemen in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case of 2003.This takes the total number of arrests in this case to seven. Earlier, the probe agency had arrested deputy superintendent of police Tarun Barot and Mumbai-based journalist Ketan Tirodkar. All the arrested cops were posted in the Ahmedabad crime branch when Sadiq was killed in a fake encounter near Galaxy cinema in Naroda on January 13, 2003.On Friday, CBI produced the five arrested cops at the special CBI court here and also submitted the first chargesheet, which names eight accused cops, including the six arrested police officials. The two other accused cops are retired DSPs I A Saiyad and K M Vaghela. The court has issued non-bailable warrants against the two remaining accused. The next hearing is scheduled for December 31.The Sadiq probe was handed over to the CBI following a Gujarat high court order. Jamal's brother Shabbir Mehtar had filed an application before the HC alleging that his brother was killed in a staged encounter. Tirodkar, whose name doesn't figure in the chargesheet, had also told a court in Maharashtra that he knew Sadiq and that in a clandestine operation Maharashtra police had handed over Sadiq to Gujarat police right before the encounter.Over the last couple of days, the five accused policemen were being questioned at the CBI office at Gandhinagar. On Friday, investigator of the case S K Rathi intimated the five cops \u00e2\u20ac\u201d retired deputy superintendent of police J G Parmar, police inspectors G H Gohil and R L Maavani, head constables Ajay Pal Yadav and Chhatrasinh Chudasama \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that they are being arrested.The agency produced the five before the special CBI court. CBI officials told the court that they did not wish to take the five accused on remand. The court then sent the accused policemen to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718340", "title": "Lakshmi Rai embarrassed", "text": "Lakshmi Rai was recently caught in an embarrassing situation.The actress was shooting for a song for her upcoming Onbathula Guru with Vinay Rai in Pondicherry, yesterday. During the break, some of her fans rushed to her requesting for her autograph. As the numbers started increasing, the crowd reportedly turned nasty and some even started misbehaving with the actress.The film crew had to intervene and the shoot was immediately called off. The film is directed by PRO-turned- director PT Selvakumar. The film also has Premji, Arvind Akash, Anjali and Sathyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714949", "title": "Unique identity project for cattle aims to push up milk yields", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra government has launched a programme to provide a unique ID (UID) to cattle across the state. The massive exercise is to select the best cows and bulls for selective breeding in order to improve milk yield.The UID is being planned on the lines of the UID for people. All the animals will be tagged in a manner that they can be traced using the GPS system in case of disease outbreaks and issuing 'premises registration'. The project was launched under the aegis of Maharashtra Animal Identity Recording Authority (MAIRA) by the state animal husbandry minister Madhukar Chavan, the commissioner Eknath Dawale, and vice-chancellor of Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) Aditya Kumar Misra on Thursday. Maharashtra happens to be the only state in country to start such an authority in country.After the launch, Abdul Samad, dean and director instructions of Mafsu said that the state government in 2010 August had formed a committee to enhance use of information technology for increasing productivity in animals. The committee proposed data recording of every animal and their performance records through an independent regulatory authority. This authority, MAIRA, would create an online system for information exchange between the farmer and the animal husbandry department through the\"Different agencies like banks and insurance companies do have their own tagging systems for animals but this is all haphazard. UID for animals will be only ID that will be used for all purposes in future. To begin with we are trying it with cattle,\" said Samad. The project has a provision of reaching information to the Maharashtra Livestock Development Board (MLDB) through SMS. As soon as a farmer sends a message on update on the animal like the pregnancy of a cow, an alert is sent to the main server at Pune and nearest area clinic of that region so that the veterinary doctor could attend to the animal and keep track of all the developments. The doctor can also send an emergency advisory back.L Sarkate, director research of Mafsu, said Brazil could quadruple milk yields by taking Gir and Ongale cows from Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh from India and breed them selectively. However, India being the largest milk producer in world is also the lowest in per animal productivity and also per person consumption at just 175ml per day.By selective breeding, USA changed the milk yield of Holstein Fresian from 5 litres to 30 litres. India will take another 15-20 years to reach that stage if it starts selective breeding now. \"The use of UID to keep track of all good quality cows and bulls and use them for selective breeding will help increase the milk yield in stages,\" said Sarkate.The project involves developing high pedigree by keeping track of high yielding cows and bulls and using them for breeding. It will specially involve good breeds like Deoni, Khillar and Galaou. Artificial insemination from extremely good quality bulls will be used as a tool to improve genetics of the future generation. To begin with, MAIRA is registering all the 1.5 lakh bulls and select the best ones for artificial insemination of 50,000 cows in the first phase.BOVINE BOOST* Each cattle to get a unique identity number* Exercise is to select best cows and bulls for selective breeding* It will specially involve good breeds like Deoni, Khillar and Galaou* Artificial insemination will be done from extremely good quality bulls* Implementing agency MAIRA is registering all the 1.5 lakh bulls in state* In the first phase, it will select the best ones for artificial insemination of 50,000 cows* Using GPS system the animals can be traced quickly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17717687", "title": "China claims breakthrough in Integrated Circuits technology", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese scientists claimed to have made a breakthrough in cracking a key technology in making integrated circuits (IC), news which is expected to help pull up global market shares of domestic IC producers.The Institute of Microelectronics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (IMECAS) today announced it has developed metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors with a gate length of 22 nanometers, a preliminary step to obtaining electronic circuits with a width of just 22 nonometers.Instead of turning to traditional materials such as silica and polysilicon, researchers tried high-k/metal-gate materials in making the device to save cost and ensure the device's \"world-class performance and low power dissipation,\" state-run Xinhua news agency reported quoting the IMECAS.Technology firms around the world are coveting 22-nanometer IC technology for its potential to hack the cost of manufacturing products like computers and cell phones that are heavily reliant on the minuscule circuits.China initiated its research in this field in 2009 as one of its major national scientific projects.The IMECAS said the full harnessing of 22-nanometer IC technology would mean huge savings for China in importing foreign technologies and boost China-made IC products' competitiveness.Twenty-two nanometers is about one-2,300th of the length of a hair's diameter, while 22-nanometer IC technology can make it possible to put 10 million transistors in an area equivalent to the cross section of a hair, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718086", "title": "Paresh Rawal to turn writer in future", "text": "Paresh Rawal , who has proved his mettle as an versatile actor, now wants to try his hand at writing. Film direction, however, is not among his plans.Asked if he wanted to be a director, Rawal told IANS: \"I don't think so. I may, you never know, but right now I'm not in that state of mind. If at all, I would love to write because direction demands a lot of energy. An actor has to concentrate only for five minutes at the most.\"He has not started writing anything yet, but says he \"might in future\".Paresh, who has been open to working with new directors, says he just surrenders himself to them.\"When a new director comes, I surrender myself. No matter how much experience you have (as an actor), director's vision is different and you have to walk with his vision and can't impose your thinking. Otherwise, things will get bitter and that should not happen,\" the 62-year-old says.The key to a good relationship with a director is clear communication, Rawal said.\"If you have a problem, go and talk to your director. But once he says 'no', don't push. That is the wrong way to do do things and I'm not that kind of actor, who insists things should happen only his way,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719426", "title": "Brinda for harsher punishment", "text": "RANCHI: CPM politburo member Brinda Karat on Friday demanded strict punishment for the Delhi rape case accused. The punishment should be stringent and delivered fast, she said.The Left party will organize a rally in Delhi in March to protest against the growing violence against women in the country. A signature campaign has begun and the party targets to get five crore signatures till March.\"We expect five lakh signatures from Jharkhand,\" said Karat, who was here to seek support for this cause. The Rajya Sabha MP also demanded strong action against Delhi police personnel whom, she accused of failing to provide security to the women. \"It is the failure of both the Delhi government and the Centre,\" she said.The Union home ministry has taken no action in this case so far. \"The Delhi police commissioner should own responsibility for the incident. Traffic police officers, who could not stop the bus (in which the incident took place), should be sacked,\" she said.The government has not ensured even minimum security in Delhi. \"Police are yet to act against vehicles with tinted glasses, the identification of drivers is not yet complete and mobile patrolling still needs improvement,\" the MP said.Later, the Left leader met a group of activists who were demonstrating outside the Raj Bhavan. The protesters submitted a memorandum to the governor and demanded death sentence for the Delhi rape case accused. Karat said the increasing violence against women in Jharkhand was also a cause for concern. \"Cases of girls committing suicide owing to oppression at the hands of teasers pose a serious threat to the safety for women in Jharkhand. The BJP government, whose leaders in Parliament claim to champion the causes of the women in Jharkhand, has failed to provide security to women,\" she said.She criticized the proposed direct money transfer scheme saying it would further elude people of what they were rightly entitled to. CPM will organize protests at Gumla district headquarters on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17719257", "title": "Four IEDs found in Gomia", "text": "BOKARO: District police and 26 Battalion CRPF conducting a joint raid recovered four improvised explosive device (IED) from a roadside in the forest near Chilgo village under Gomia police station here on Friday.The timely recovery of the IEDs has foiled the attempt to attack security personnel who use the road for conducting combing operation at Jhumra Hills. The anti-bomb disposal squad diffused the explosives at the spot soon after its recovery. Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said, \"The IEDs were planted on the roadside, about 100 metres from Katiya river of Chilgo village. Made with chocolate plastic boxes, they weighed three kilograms and appeared to be powerful.\" Police found wires connected to the IEDs. They were live and could harm the security men, if triggered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714323", "title": "Stranger tricks baby's grandmom", "text": "BANGALORE: A day-old baby boy was allegedly stolen from the Vanivilas Hospital on Friday. The baby's parents were asleep in the ward at the time of the incident. A complaint has been registered at the Victoria outpost police station.Police said that Vasantha, 19, from Devanahalli, had delivered the baby on Friday at around 1.30am. Her husband Manjunath and mother Sunandamma stayed with her in the ward. When Vasantha and her husband were asleep, an unidentified woman came to their room. \"Vasantha's mother, who was babysitting, thought the woman was a hospital attendant. Then the woman asked Vasantha's mother to fetch her tea, while she took care of the baby,' 'police said.On returning, Vasantha's mother realized that the baby was stolen. The family immediately informed the hospital officials, who in turn checked the CCTV footage. Although the woman taking away the baby could clearly be seen on the footage, no one could identify the woman.Hospital speaksSpeaking to TOI, Dr Some Gowda, Superintendent of Vanivilas hospital, confirmed the missing of the newborn. \"It has happened during lunch hour when the security was slightly relaxed. In our CCTV footage, we can see a woman walking away with a baby. But her face is not clear. We have given the CCTV footage to the police for further investigation. The baby's father was there right next to the mother when the incident occurred. The parents could have been careful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17713963", "title": "Metro mishap: Worker hurt after falling off beam", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another Metro mishap, a labourer working at the Metro site sustained serious injuries after he slipped and fell off a beam.The victim was rushed to a hospital in Mansarovar, and is currently admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU).Doctors and the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials claimed the worker's condition is stable.According to DMRC officials, the incident occurred near Gujjar Ki Thadi around 6pm on Friday when the victim, Mohammad Shaquil, lost balance and fell off a 21-feet tall beam. The victim belongs to Bihar.DMRC spokesperson Anil Singhal told TOI that \"The labourer is suffered head injuries but his condition is stable. He is lucky to have survived as he first fell on an auto rickshaw.\"Prima facie, officials said, the labourer was not wearing a safety belt and helmet. He lost his balance when the work to launch the segment was going on. A police officer too reportedly reached the spot but no complaint has been registered so far.Negligence in supervision at the sites has led to most Metro-related accidents. Seven workers have lost their lives in such accidents since November 2010 but a foolproof mechanism to check such incidents and putting in place safety measures is yet to take place.Six thousand labourers involved in various works at the Metro sites such as Ajmer Road, Mansarovar, Vivek Vihar, Gujjar Ki Thadi, Sindhi Camp and New Sanganer Road, and the residents in and around these sites are at a great risk.DRMC officials said they too are concerned regarding implementation of safety measures at Metro sites.\"We are also aware that at various sites, the risk factor has increased owing to height of the beams, use of electric wires and heavy traffic. Therefore, every day, before starting work, each labourer is given basic tips on safety by the safety officers deputed at various sites,\" a senior official said.He maintained that safety officers visit various sites once in a fortnight and give reports on labourers following the safety norms.At some sites, labourers are working at a height of 20-25 20 feet and come in close contact with the electric wires during welding and other activities. \"I have spotted them without helmets, boots and safety belts and after I reported it to the incharge engineers, the labourers were reprimanded,\" said Karan Pandey, a resident of New Sanganer Road.TRAIL OF TRAGEDYFeb 3, 2012: A businessman killed when a piling machine at a Metro site fell on his car near SushilpuraMay 12, 2011: Two labourers killed and 11 injured when an 18-feet high wall fell on them at a Metro site at Shipra PathJuly 23, 2011: Two labourers electrocuted at Bhankrota casting yardNov 17, 2011: A labourer run over by a dumper at the Sodala area while talking on phoneMarch 5, 2012: A worker died at the Metro site in Civil Lines. He slipped and fell off a beam and later succumbed to his injuries at a hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714256", "title": "HC notices to Centre, state on JEE", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued notices to the Centre and the state education department as well as the education board over a PIL demanding that the authorities should start offering the mandatory Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) from 2014 and not from the next academic year.An association, Vidhyarthi Hit Rakshak Samiti, had urged the court that the decision to make JEE compulsory from the next year could harm the future of nearly 1.7 lakh students, who may pass the board examination next year.The petitioner also claimed that the students who cleared the board exams may not find enough time to prepare for JEE, for the study material is also not available in Gujarati yet. Besides, there is a change in syllabus offered for JEE and for Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET), which is the test mandatory for the students to take after clearing the board exams, the petitioner submitted.The authorities had decided to conduct JEE in 2013 in place of GUJCET for entrance into engineering courses. A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala issued notices to authorities concerned and kept further hearing on December 27.HC notice to chairmen of high-rises over fire safety issueAhmedabad: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued notices to chairmen of 25 high-rise buildings that do not have fire safety systems installed. Some of these buildings do not even have BU permission from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC).On a PIL filed by advocate Amit Panchal, the division bench had sought details of such buildings that do not have fire safety systems in place ever since they were constructed. Interestingly, there are government buildings, especially occupied by BSNL, that also do not have such facilities despite provision in bye-laws.The HC has asked the AMC to serve notices on these buildings asking them to file their answers by January 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718805", "title": "Major fire in textile chemical unit", "text": "SURAT: A textile chemical manufacturing unit was gutted in a major fire that broke out at Tarsadi GIDC in Mahua taluka of Surat District on Friday. The cause of the inferno at Shreeram Rezin Private Limited is said to be a short circuit.Officials said that presence of inflammable chemicals led to the fire assuming a huge scale. Fire tenders from Bardoli, Mahua, Vyara and Surat were pressed into service to bring the fire under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715423", "title": "Imagine Kolkata without garbage vats", "text": "KOLKATA: Rickety old lorries carrying garbage, that spills on to the city roads, will soon be a thing of the past. With Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) opening the first of the four garbage collection stations at Kalighat Park on Friday, the city took a step ahead towards becoming a vat-free metropolis. With the help of technology from Netherlands, the civic body will place waste compactor machines at these stations.The garbage collection stations will replace vats along some major thoroughfares, namely Northern Avenue (Tallah Park), Shyamaprasad Mukherjee Road, Southern Avenue and Ballygunge Circular Road, while the Kalighat Park vat has been replaced with the inauguration of such a station on Friday. inauguration of the first such station.Instead of depositing garbage in the vats, the KMC conservancy labourers will unload the entire garbage of a locality into these compactors. The function of the 4 compactors, placed inside the garbage station, will be to squeeze the garbage and store it inside a container. Water generated from the compacted garbage will be drained out. After collecting garbage for the whole day, a prime mover (fitted with a hook loading system) will lift a compactor filled with garbage. The garbage will then be transported to the Dhapa dumping ground.The first of its kind garbage collection centre was inaugurated on Friday at Kalighat Park.KMC solid waste management department has spent Rs 4.5 crore from the Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP) funds for buying 16 portable compactors and five prime movers. After setting up four such garbage stations, the civic body also plans to deploy these portable compactors for collection of garbage from vats in areas such as Majherhat, Beliaghata, Bhowanipore and S N Banerjee Road. In the next phase, the KEIP authorities will release funds for setting up more such stations and procurement of movable compactors.\"We need funds to make Kolkata a vat-free city,\" said Debabrata Majumder, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC solid waste management department. According to a senior official in the KMC solid waste management department, if Kolkata has to be made a garbage-free city, the KMC needs to replace as many as 50 major vats across the city. Speaking on the occasion, senior state minister Subrata Mukherjee said that the initiative would bring down the cost of transportation and disposal of garbage significantly. Mukherjee felt that automation in garbage disposal does not mean unemployment for KMC employees as was being thought in some circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715265", "title": "No objection certificates must for organising Xmas, New Year parties", "text": "PUNE: The district entertainment branch so far has received about 25 applications for New Year programmes. The number is expected to touch the 100 mark within the next week. The branch has asked party organisers to obtain all necessary permissions and no objection certificates (NOC) for organising parties on Christmas and New Year.\"We have started receiving applications for NOCs. Mostly, applications are received two-three days before December 31. However this time, organisers are approaching us well in advance. There has been a rise in enquiries since last week,\" said a senior official of the entertainment branch.The branch has said that penalties would be imposed if events are organised without NOCs and permissions. The branch, six months back, had initated an action against the organisers of some parties that were conducted on the outskirts without obtaining NOCs. Soon after, the branch initiated drives almost every weekend across the city and rural areas to identify illegal parties.\"We have received encouraging feedback. The organisers are now approaching us to seek necessary permissions in advance,\" said an official.The official added that branch officials have been asked to keep close watch during the next ten days on a list of probable places located in the city and periphery areas where New Year parties are held. Besides, the staff was also asked to monitor probable sites such as open lawns and gardens located in rural areas.The entertainment branch has mooted a proposal to introduce online issuing of NOCs and payment of taxes. Sources in the district administration said that the government was working on the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714550", "title": "Real test of proposed accreditation system lies in its implementation", "text": "The fact that the government is taking steps to regulate technical and vocational education more rigorously is welcome. Education is a sector that serves a very vital need and families spend huge sums of money in getting their children a decent education. Often, they borrow to put them through a professional course.It is, therefore, absolutely essential that they have some assurance of the quality of education they can expect to get. The real test of the proposed accreditation system, however, will lie in its implementation. It must not be allowed to become just another way for corrupt officials to make money, in the process jeopardizing the future of millions.Related story: Accreditation of all higher education institutes to be made mandatory from 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715222", "title": "As police scrape tinted films off cars in Lucknow, dealers supply more", "text": "LUCKNOW: Traffic police in the city has been carrying out a traffic drive against motorists driving cars with tinted glasses in the wake of gang rape that shook the national capital. But apart from pressure from persons with the right connections, police are grappling with no support from other administrative quarters.\"On one hand of the city we remove the films from the glasses in motor vehicles, while on the other hand, car accessory dealers are openly selling dark films,\" said Arvind Sen, SP (traffic). Several dealers located within a walking distance from Hazratganj and Qaiserbagh police stations, sell tinted films in violation of the directives of the apex court.Several acts of sexual assault brought to the notice of the police have been committed in moving cars. On December 9, two youths from Thakurganj picked up one of their female friends outside a mall in Gomtinagar and assaulted her in a moving car that had tinted glasses.Motor vehicles, particularly SUVs owned by VIPs, rarely follow the apex court's norms regarding visual transmission of 70 per cent on the front and rear windscreens, and of 50 per cent through window glasses. The apex court's order only provided relaxations to vehicles of government officials for security reason.Police realised the need to increase vigil in the city following the Delhi incident and cracked down on cars with tinted screens besides on rash drivers, said Arvind Sen, SP (traffic). In Noida, several incidents of sexual assault on females have been reported to police that have took place in the moving cars. Anti-social elements have also committed rape in vehicles, the latest being the Delhi incident in which a girl in her early 20's was raped by six men inside a moving bus. The bus used in the incident had tinted glasses as well as curtains on the windows, all against norms laid down by the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718224", "title": "Britney Spears reveals best of 2012", "text": "Britney Spears has revealed the top three things that made year 2012 \"amazing\" for her.The 31-year-old singer credited her career move to become judge on the 'X-Factor' that helped her to come out of her shell.\"It's no secret I'm a shy person,\" People magazine quoted her as saying.\"I feel doing this show over the past year has allowed me to come out of my shell a lot more.\"Everyone on the show has been amazing and made me feel really comfortable,\" she said.The second thing that made her year \"amazing\" were her kids Preston, 7 and Jayden, 6.\"It's really amazing to see how quickly my boys are growing up.\"It seems like yesterday I was reading books to them at night. Now I sit and listen to them read me books!\" she said.The third most amazing thing she's had an amazing year is because of her fiance Jason Trawick.\"It amazes me that no matter what situation I'm in,\" she said.\"Jason has the ability to always make me feel protected and loved,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714031", "title": "Three-year-old girl raped in Delhi playschool, owner's husband held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a man was arrested for allegedly raping a child at his wife's playschool, Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights has directed that the woman be arrested under charges of negligence.The municipal corporation has also been directed to seal the school premises and also file a compliance report before the DCPCR by December 24. The commission has asked Delhi Police to invoke most stringent sections of law that call for life imprisonment against the accused.On Monday, the three-year-old girl was drugged and raped by the accused, Pramod Malik (35), in west Delhi's Sagarpur. The incident came to light two days later after the girl fell ill and her medical examination showed that she been raped.The government is also considering formulating a policy to keep tabs on playschools as there is none in parlance currently.\"It is too early to say what exactly would be done, but the aim is to at least have some sort of registration of playschools that exist in the city,\" said Kiran Walia, Delhi women and child development minister.On Friday, Walia held a meeting with home secretary Arvind Ray, additional law secretary Tarun Sehrawat and other senior members of DCPCR and Delhi Police. \"We want police to invoke stringent provisions of the recently enacted Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012 against the accused as it attracts stringent punishments that go upto life imprisonment,\" said Walia.As per Section 6 of the Act, punishment for \"whoever commits aggravated penetrative sexual assault, shall be punished with rigorous for a term which shall not be less than ten years but which may extend to imprisonment for life and shall also be liable to fine.\" Walia also emphasized the need for counseling for the victim.The Delhi government has also directed Deen Dayal Upadhyay hospital to take care of all the medical needs of the victim and also refer her to Nirmal Chayya's Manas department for regular counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17715361", "title": "'Gambling' with lives", "text": "Infamy is what the Cansarvarnem primary health centre that serves Pernem taluka is famous for. With seven sub health centres under its wing and a population of close to half a lakh to look after, it is instead riddled with administrative sores.Locals complain of large-scale absenteeism by staff, including doctors; allege pilferage of equipment by staff, and point to an unused part of the building that allegedly turns into a gambling den post sundown.Staff apathy, though, is the loudest gripe. In June, it allegedly led to the death of a three-day-old child. The incident caused the taluka's other legislator, Mandrem MLA Laxmikant Parsekar to visit the PHC soon after being appointed health minister. \"Taken aback\", he \"immediately set up a committee\" to check and take action against the malpractices. But even as the BJP-led government completes nine months in power, there is no sign of any healthcare being delivered to patients at this centre. The PHC sees an average of 50-60 patients at the OPD every day.\"Patients turn up only to find the doctors and most of the staff missing. Those present are very rude,\" claims Cansarvarnem local Ramesh Sawant.Another local, Kanta Naik says, \"Alert locals recently called the police and stopped the anti-social activities (gambling) going on at the PHC.\"Parsekar says he is aware of the complaints. \"The PHC will be upgraded with all the facilities required and all the non-working facilities will be made functional,\" he told TOI.The PHC has one new ambulance and a jeep to refer patients to the district hospital at Mapusa or the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, in case of emergencies. A generator facility and a system combining the alternative energies of windmill and solar power have also been provided in case of power failures. The latter system doesn't work.The centre has the required equipment to test for malaria , diabetes, HIV, and also has an ECG facility. It has a casualty room, doctors' room, X-ray room, two wards, laboratory and operation theatre (OT). Patients allege many of the facilities are not offered; for instance, the OT is not used as there is no surgeon that visits the PHC. Patients especially want the services of a gynaecological surgeon.\"New doctors will be appointed for proper attention to patients; the process has already been initiated,\" says Parsekar.The current staffers allotted to the PHC are one upper division clerk, three lower division clerks, five doctors, four staff nurses, four drivers, six servants and two sweepers, while each sub health centre has been allotted three workers. The PHC also has a separate male and female ward with provisions for a round-the-clock doctor. But, though it has residential quarters for doctors, these are not used and are presently in a bad state.A dentist visits the PHC twice a week on Thursdays and Fridays, the X-ray technician visits twice a week, and the eye technician is available on Tuesdays. The PHC also looks after the rural medical dispensary at Dhargal.Parsekar says, \"Infrastructure facilities will be upgraded; the health centre will be also given a facelift.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714552", "title": "Patna seethes, protests intensify", "text": "PATNA: While the entire nation is up in arms against the Delhi gang rape, anger in Patna too swelled up on Friday with a slew of protests across the city. Patnaites on the one hand demanded the harshest possible punishment for rapists, on the other they prayed for the 23-year-old victim who is battling for her life in Delhi's Safdarjung hospital.A large number of Patna Women's College students organized a march from the main gate of the college to I-T roundabout. \"...hum tumhare saath hain, akeli tum nahi, karoro haath tumhare saath hain,\" read one of the placards. \"The agitated students demanded capital punishment for the rapists and justice for all such rape victims whose cases are either dragging in courts or not even being brought to notice,\" said Shefali Roy, professor of political science and coordinator of the college's co-curricular activities.A students' organization, Oxygen, organized a protest meeting of the students of some premier schools of the city at the S K Puri park to vent their anger against the dastardly gang rape. The students of Mount Carmel School also created a human chain to create awareness against rape incidents.At all these protest meetings, the mood was of outrage. \"I don't want capital punishment for the rapists. Rather, they should be punished publicly. I want them to be beaten to death,\" fumed a Class XI student, Shristi Pandey. \"The rapists should be tied to a pole and stoned to death,\" said Vidur, a Class XII student.However, while the Delhi rape has caught the nation's attention, women face sexual assault in one form or the other everyday. \"Catcalls are a regular feature at our coaching centres. At markets, the story is no different, with characters changing. It's here, there, everywhere.\" said a Damian, M Prakash.Resentment was also evident against the parental diktats for girls in particular. \"Ignore initial remarks as they may lead to further troubles. I am tired of hearing this,\" said 16-yr-old Saloni . \"If I suffer eve-teasing, I am supposed to be silent. Why should I remain mum and keep on suffering the trauma. On the other hand, the criminals go scot-free. What justice is this,\" asked Shambhavi, a Class VIII student. Another girl, Fatima, said, \"We are told dress properly, don't go out after seven, do this, not that... Are girls not free human beings? Who will tame the men who act like animals?\"A schoolteacher, Namita, said, \"Children are so scared after such incidents that they don't easily open up. \"Many a time, students do come to us sharing experiences of sexual assault. We advice them to speak to their parents. If they are not able to do so, we call guardians to the school.\"Oxygen Movement's convener Binod Singh said society as a whole has to rise against sexual assaults and punish the culprits. \"We encourage the girls to speak up. We also request the schools to regularly organize counselling sessions so that all the myths in the minds of teenagers are cleared. The cases of sexual assault should be dealt swiftly in fast-track courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17719686", "title": "3 killed in National Highway 37 accident", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three persons, including a woman, were killed and another critically injured on NH-37 in Kamrup (Rural) district on Friday, police said. The injured identified as Sanjum Ali was rushed to the Gauhati Medical College &amp; Hospital. The incident occured when a Guwahati-bound truck knocked down four pedestrians at Bongora near Azara township. \"The deceased were identified as Insan Ali, Hasimuddin Ahmed and Fatema Bibi,\" said a policeman. Police seizes the truck, but the driver fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17715538", "title": "Majithia video most sought after in virtual world", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as Punjab Assembly speaker issued orders to the media not to publish or telecast the \"expunged and prohibited\" portion of debate, during which abuses were hurled, the video of revenue minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia apparently using Punjabi expletives has gone viral on social media.When Punjab government appears to be busy doing damage control, Punjabis are busy sharing the video on social media platforms. Though they are targeting the entire political class in their criticism, it is Majithia who is in the line of fire.If one \"A Dhaliwal\" in his comments put the blame on \"parvarish\" (upbringing), \"hunter 3763\" used an old Punjabi idiom \"thug men and women are leaders\". \" Gary Grewal\" commented on Majithia saying \"No respect for elders, power going in his head\".\"I have been receiving calls from friends and acquaintances eager to know the exact abuses used inside the Vidhan Sabha,\" said a SAD MLA.\"Even as both the political parties are blaming each other and Congress even criticizing speaker for not being fair, people seem to be enjoying the tamasha,\" said a Congress MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718812", "title": "Diamond city expects more representation in cabinet", "text": "SURAT: BJP's clean sweep on all the 12 assembly seats of Surat city have brightened the chances of candidates getting more ministerial berths in the state cabinet of the fourth-time chief minister Narendra Modi .While there were two ministers from the city in the Modi government - Narrotam Patel, minister of state for panchayat and Ranjit Gilitwala, minister of state for transport - after the 2007 elections, new faces are likely to be added in the state cabinet.The city BJP leaders are looking at some of the heavyweight candidates like Ajay Choksi from Surat (North), Kishore Vankawala from Surat (West) in the probable list of candidates.Sources said that this time around the voters in south Gujarat have given a clear mandate as the party won 28 out of the 35 seats. Until now, the region was represented by only three ministers - Narrotam Patel, Ranjit Gilitwala and Mangu Patel, state forest and environment minister, besides the speaker of state assembly Ganpat Vasava. However, the elected representatives from the region are expected to get important posts in the state government.Party sources said that it was a litmus test for some of the BJP leaders given the responsibility by the party leadership for putting up an extraordinary performance in south Gujarat, especially in Surat.Despite facing dissidence from the party workers and leaders on a couple of assembly constituencies like Majura and Limbayat, the BJP managed to won all of them with handsome victory margin.In the process, CR Patil, BJP MP from Navsari and election incharge in Surat, Valsad and Navsari has emerged as a strong leader.\"The city has given a clear mandate in favour of the party. Now, they (voters) expect their city to be well represented in the government. There are many new faces who really deserve place in the ministry,\" said a senior BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714638", "title": "Safety last priority at illegal PGs in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With most PG accommodations running illegally, safety of girls therein continues to be neglected. Despite persistent demand for security from girls as well as residents welfare associations, both the estate office and police have failed to enforce norms laid down last year. Although the problem is prevalent across the city, worst affected are sectors 15, 18, 19, 21, 34, 35, 36, 30, 37, 38, 40, 43 and 44.The PGs, which are not monitored, lack basic security facilities. However, girls have to take them in the absence of proper arrangements for boarding and lodging. \"There are neither CCTV cameras nor other security arrangements. One caretaker manages the entire house. Groups of miscreants can be seen hanging around the PG, but there is no check on them\", a student living in Sector 15 said.Sunil Chopra, president of Sector 18 resident welfare association, who ran a campaign against illegal PGs said, \"The problem of illegal PGs has affected women and children the most. Illegal PGs are havens for miscreants. PGs should be properly registered and there should be proper timings for entry and exit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718372", "title": "This is the End", "text": "CreditsDirector: Seth Rogen , Evan Goldberg Cast: James Franco , Jonah Hill , Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel , Danny McBride, Craig Robinson , Michael Cera , Emma Watson Release Date: October 2013SynopsisThe comedy This Is The End follows six friends trapped in a house after a series of strange and catastrophic events devastate Los Angeles . As the world unravels outside, windling supplies and cabin fever threaten to tear apart the friendships inside. Eventually, they are forced to leave the house, facing their fate and the true meaning of friendship and redemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714581", "title": "Jiving on 'desi' beats", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many city residents chose to mark the doomed Mayan doomsday prophecy by partying all night. As Facebook posts on the supposed doomsday abounded, many chose to dance the night away.Communities on social networking sites changed their name to \"What's next prediction from Doomsday 2012.\" Even though this was a big joke for many people from the outset, there were some who took the prediction to heart , resorting to prayers at what they thought would be their last hours. Others however laughed it off, taking the opportunity to dance.\"We don't care about what the Mayans or others predicted. We are very much alive, so it's the time to party,\" said Deeksha Sharma of Sector 25.A lounge at Sector 26, had \"desi\" beats by DJ Aryan, while others had DJ Aabi, DJ Viz, DJ Krazy, DJ Dc and DJ Sim. During the day, many tried to attend to urgent work, meet loved ones and even do charity. But at the end of the day, life went on and so did the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17714893", "title": "Friends, family remember Ravi Shankar in US", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Late rockstar George Harrison's widow Olivia joined hundreds of fans and family members of sitar maestro Ravi Shankar to pay last homage to the Indian music legend at his adopted home in California.Anushka Shankar and her Grammy winning step sister Norah Jones , daughters of the late musician who died last week also joined the funeral service at a palm fringed meditation centre near here.Rich tributes from fellow musicians and artists were read out at the Open-memorial for Ravi Shankar once famously called \"The Godfather of world music\" by former beatle star George Harrison and compared to Mozart by violin legend Yehudi Menuhin.Harrison's widow Olivia made rich reference to Ravi Shankar, recalling his association with her husband on the ground-breaking concert for Bangladesh in 1971, notably the soul stirring song \"While my guitar gently weeps\".Media reports quoted Olivia as saying that Harrison's collaboration with Shankar had changed her husband's musical sensibilities.Also present at memorial service near his southern California home in Encinitas were his wife Sukanya and another Indian music legend Zubin Mehta . \"My father loved spending time here so much and it feels so right for us to celebrate his journey in this ... place,\" said Anoushka.Ravi Shankar, a multi-cultural icon, passed away last week at 92 and was named as a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award recipient, a day after his death.\"... thanks to all of you for being here to celebrate the life\" of Ravi Shankar, said Anushka, 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714946", "title": "Enormous impact of Food Security Bill on farm sector: Panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Food Security Bill (NFSB), in its present form, throws up major operational and financial challenges and would have enormous ramifications on the cereal economy , markets and the farm sector, a government paper has said.The discussion paper by the commission for agricultural costs and prices (CACP) said the long-term feasibility of the strategy under NFSB needed to be carefully analyzed and debated in the national interest.The CACP is an entity under the ministry of agriculture which advises the government on price policy for major farm commodities.The paper comes at a time when Congress president Sonia Gandhi has said that the food security bill would be brought to Parliament soon.\"It is imperative that a holistic approach is adopted while analyzing the entire system of food production, food procurement and distribution of food for achieving food security on sustainable basis,\" the paper authored by CACP chairman Ashok Gulati and six others drawn from various fields including CACP said.The authors said the discussion paper series by CACP was an attempt to encourage unbiased discussion on critical issues affecting the agricultural sector and food security. However, they made it clear that the views belonged purely to the authors and did not reflect the views of the organizations they belonged to.The paper said it was important to ensure adequate availability of grain with the public authorities to fulfill the underlying obligation in the bill.\"Given the current trends and volatility in rates of growth in food grain production and yields, the growing pressures on land and water in the wake of climate change, dependence on monsoon rains \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there is a possibility that food grain availability on sustainable and stable basis would require lot of government intervention in augmenting production, enhancing procurement, and stocking large amounts of grains to meet the commitments of food distribution,\" the paper said, adding that this may have several undesirable side effects.It said that any further procurement by the state would crowd out private sector operations and this would have an adverse effect on overall efficiency of procurement and storage operations, as well as on magnitude of food subsidies and open market prices.The government already procures one-third of the cereals production (which amounts to almost half of marketed surplus of wheat and rice).\"This would also slow down or even regress the process of overall diversification in agriculture, and go contrary to the emerging demand patterns in the country,\" the paper said, referring to any fresh increase in procurement.It said the food subsidy in coming years will balloon due to the lower central issue price of grain, a significant rise in the number of entitled beneficiaries and the need to keep raising the minimum support price (MSP) to cover the rising costs of production and to incentivize farmers to increase production of cereals.The document said the existing food security complex of procurement, stocking and distribution would further expand and increase the operational expenditure of the scheme given its creaking infrastructure, leakages (which amount to about 40%) and inefficient governance.\"This raises not only the issue of sustainability of the financial obligations entailed in NFSB, but also its efficacy in trying to extend food security,\" the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718262", "title": "Mammootty is news when associated with a bad film: Ranjith", "text": "Mammotty's last hit in Malayalam could be traced back 2 years ago to Ranjith's Pranchiyettan and the Saint and so, it's no wonder why the fans have been anxious for the duo's latest offering Bavuttyude Naamathil.As the actor has been going through one of worst stretches in his career, the director took to the social networking site to promote the film. \"Mammukka is News when he is associated with a bad film, but as Bavutty... I leave it to you to judge!\" he stated, adding that the film is a simple and clean entertainer.Ranjith also made special note of the other actors performances especially that of Vineeth. \"I have to tell about V\u00c4\u00abneeth... he has done a good job... Can be compared to Nandu in Spirit and Tiny Tom in Indian Rupee ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17714955", "title": "Clashes in Egypt on eve of 2nd round of vote", "text": "CAIRO: Violent clashes on Friday returned to the streets of Egypt as Islamist supporters and largely secular opponents of a controversial draft constitution hurled stones at each other, a day before the final round of a referendum on the new charter.Several thousand demonstrators backing President Muhamed Morsi gathered in northern port city of Alexandria's Qaed Ibrahim Mosque for Friday prayers to \"defend (Islamic) scholars and mosques\", and to call for Sharia (Islamic law).The rally, which was initially peaceful, turned violent when clashes broke out between Islamist demonstrators and rival opposition group. Clashes seem to have been kicked off after opposition protesters picked a fight with an Islamist demonstrators, Egyptian media reported.Security forces, heavily deployed early on Friday near the rallying point as a pre-emptive measure against possible violence, worked to restore order and fired rounds of teargas into the crowds.According to Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram, tens of fire engines and ambulances are also situated in the area.The protest comes after iconic Alexandria Sheikh Ahmed El-Mahalawy was held captive inside the mosque for 14 hours last Friday by worshippers angered by the overt Islamist rhetoric in his sermon.The first round of referendum last week saw almost 44% of Egyptians saying 'No' to the constitution drafted by an Islamist-dominated Constituent Assembly, with a second round set for Saturday. Egypt's Constituent Assembly on November 30 in a marathon session approved the draft constitution imposing Islamic values, a move opposed by Liberals as an attempt to restrict freedom of speech and religion in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714899", "title": "Military cuts frills from gatherings", "text": "The Chinese military on Friday declared that receptions for high-ranking officers will no longer feature liquor or luxury banquets. They should be free of welcome banners, red carpets, floral arrangements, formations of soldiers, performances and souvenirs, according to ten regulations drawn up by the Central Military Commission . The regulations also prohibit officials from staying in civilian hotels or military hotels specially equipped with luxury accommodation during inspection tours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718890", "title": "Construction activities banned in water-starved Jetpur", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot district collector has banned construction activities in Jetpur municipality area due to severe drinking water crises and drying up of all sources.\"In order to give priority to larger public interest, the notification has been issued to ban the use of water in construction in Jetpur municipality area,'' stated a notification issued on Friday.The town which has a population of around 1.25 lakh is getting drinking water once in 12 days. The anger over scarcity has spilled onto the streets and a group of women and recently ransacked the municipality office.\"As of now, we have managed to get drinking water supply from local resources through tankers and requested to lay pipeline from Bhadar 2 dam to supply water to Jetpur to solve the issue, said sources in Jetpur municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17719508", "title": "Principal hangs self in school", "text": "BOKARO: Barely a month before his retirement, the principal of a government school hanged himself in his office room on Friday, sending shock waves to students and teachers. Babulal Sahu, the principal in-charge of Government Upgraded Middle School, Baandh, was the resident of Tisri in Giridih. He committed suicide during school hours, police said. He is due to retire in January.No suicide note was found. Police are yet to find the reason that prompted Sahu to take the extreme step. Some cash and an official letter were recovered from his pocket. Sahu came to school in the morning and went straight to the principal's room. Officer in-charge of Kathara police outpost Subodh Lakra said the incident took place around 10am, an hour after the school started. Teachers said Sahu was depressed for the past few days but could not give any reason for that. The body was discovered by a junior section student when he was passing by the principal's office. The door was ajar. \"Sahu was brought down dead. The body has been sent for postmortem,\" said Lakra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17718286", "title": "Austerity drive: No luxury banquets or liquor for China military", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese military has been asked to strike off luxury banquets and liquor from its list of do's while hosting receptions for high-ranking officers, under a new austerity-cum-simplicity drive.According to new regulations, such receptions should be kept simple and devoid of pomp.Ten regulations drawn up by the Central Military Commission now headed by China's new Communist Party leader, Xi Jinping , who succeed Hu Jintao last month, said the events should be free of welcome banners, red carpets, floral arrangements, formations of soldiers, performances and souvenirs.The regulations also prohibit commission officials from staying in civilian hotels or military hotels specially equipped with luxury accommodation during inspection tours.The regulations also require officials to cut both the number and length of inspection tours, overseas visits, meetings and reports.The measures were stated to be part of a drive to inculcate simplicity and cut down expenditure.The regulations state that speakers at meetings should avoid empty talk, while commission officials will not be allowed to attend ribbon-cutting and cornerstone-laying ceremonies, celebrations or seminars unless they have received approval from the of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee or the Central Military Commission, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.The use of vehicles equipped with sirens will be rigorously controlled during official visits in order to prevent public disturbances.Additionally, commission officials are also required to discipline their spouses, children and subordinates and make sure they do not take bribes.The Central Military Commission enacted the regulations to echo the new central leadership's call to improve work styles.At a meeting of the political bureau of the CPC Central Committee held on December 4, participants approved regulations calling for political bureau members to improve their work in eight ways, with a particular focus on reducing extravagance and bureaucracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715494", "title": "Assembly session ends without govt-oppn patch-up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The brief winter session of the Punjab assembly ended on an acrimonious note as the opposition Congress \u00e2\u20ac\u201d enraged over expletives used by cabinet minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia on Wednesday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d refused to join proceedings, demanding his immediate dismissal.The differences were not resolved though chief minister Parkash Singh Badal made attempts to end the logjam and offered an apology. After the question hour ended in the assembly, the CM said, \"I offer apologies from both the sides. I will go out and meet Congress members for a reconciliation,\" Badal said, describing the incident as \"unfortunate\".However, the opposition held its ground demanding Majithia's dismissal, action on the drunk security man who had misbehaved with women Congress MLAs in the assembly, besides an apology from Majithia to Rana Gurjit Singh in the House.Leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar termed the CM's peace offer as an eyewash. \"We were invited by the CM but when we reached the Speaker's office, the door was banged on us, right on the face of former chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal and we were not allowed to enter.\"In a letter to the chief minister, Jakhar held Majithia directly responsible for the murder of assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh, who was shot dead in Amritsar while saving his daughter from molesters. \"We hold him responsible for not just this crime but also for vitiating the peace in the state and attempting to terrorize the common man and the police force,\" said Jakhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718271", "title": "Kanye West wears kilt on stage", "text": "Rapper Kanye West wore a leather skirt on stage at the Hurricane Sandy concert.Even Chris Brown went on Twitter, writing: \"N****s gone be wearing heels next.\"A leaked video appeared online showing West having the garment fitted, reports thesun.co.uk.In the clip, he discusses in detail the pleats on the skirt, designed by Givenchy.Then looking at himself in the mirror, West says: \"I just love this. I mean, I like it if I wear a kilt or I'm not wearing a kilt. I just like the silhouette - it's really modern.\"The video was later taken down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17720055", "title": "CDM accreditation shifted to India", "text": "PUNE: International technical service organization TUV SUD has said it will henceforth manage the validation and verification of clean development mechanism - CDM - projects from India. The executive board of the UNFCCC has approved the relocation of the operation from Munich to Pune, the company said. The designated operational entity (DOE) located at TUV SUD South Asia has already started operations, the company said.\"The relocation of the DOE to India marks an important step which we are taking to cater to the significance of the newly industrialized countries (NICs) and the Asia Pacific region for the clean development mechanism\", said Bratin Roy, assistant vice president of TUV SUD South Asia in Pune. The DOE is responsible for all CDM projects worldwide that are validated and verified by TUV SUD.TUV SUD has been engaged in the area of climate change projects for over ten years and was amongst the first companies to be accredited as DOE for the CDM and as accredited idependent entity (AIE) for joint implementation (JI) projects on behalf of the UNFCCC. While the CDM applies to climate-change projects in developing and newly industrialized countries, joint implementation projects are aimed at promoting climate-change measures in industrialized countries. TUV SUD was the first ever entity to be accredited for sectoral scopes 1 to 15 of the CDM.In recent years, TUV SUD has expanded its international presence, in particular continuously strengthening its position in Asia Pacific. While the accreditation for joint implementation will remain at TUV SUD Industrie Service GmbH in Munich, the move of CDM accreditation to India represents a further step towards the strategic goals of the international group of companies.\"Although our CDM auditors will remain located at our subsidiaries in the individual regions, the responsibility for, and management of all CDM projects will move to TUV SUD South Asia in the future\", Boris Gehring, CEO of the industry service division of TUV SUD AG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714464", "title": "No end to victim's woes who became mother at age of 14", "text": "BANGALORE: Baby (name changed) is still paying the price of being a rape victim. The girl from Bangalore not only became a mother at 14 but faced discrimination when her school gave her a transfer certificate and decreed she shouldn't attend classes. But the high court stepped in and she returned to school but it was never the same again.The family has now moved to a new home on Dr Rajkumar Road in September. And the high court has given the responsibility of her education to a construction company. According to its directive, a private tutor will visit her from January 1 to educate her and from June, she'll be sent to another school, according to her advocate AD Ramanand.In between, life changed drastically for Baby and her family in September 2, 2012, when her father, Syed Kareem, was allegedly attacked by two unknown people with a sword.\"I'm very scared to go to school. My father was attacked by those persons and survived. I won't be going to the school as long as my father and family face threats. I don't want my family to face any more trouble because of me,\" Baby had told TOI.Earlier, Baby's routine was to feed her infant son in the morning, put him to sleep in her mother's lap and then go to school. But, she was forced to live within her home. \"Like other mothers, I cannot take my child to the park for a trail. Nor can I visit the masjid. The threats we faced were so scary that we could not even visit the local masjid during the month of Ramzaan,\" Baby recounted the horror.She was a student of the Government Urdu Composite High School in Ramchandrapura. \"I love to study. I miss going to school and playing with my friends there. This is the price I'm paying for the wrong done by someone else,\" she added.\"Kareem is facing threats to his life. He has received information that he will be killed in public for not agreeing that his daughter marries the rape accused and for filing a complaint against masjid members. Police have manipulated the complaint by wrongly accusing him of cheating and therefore he was assaulted. He had told police the attackers were hired to kill him,\" said AD Ramananda, advocate for Kareem and Baby.The advocate further alleged that \"Kareem wants to give a statement to the city police commissioner and the magistrate about the threats and other problems faced by him and his family 'before he dies'. We hope that Kareem will be heard in time.\"The family, which had been given police protection, was at the mercy of a few close relatives who gave them shelter. \"We have moved out of that house, but we cannot move out of this city. I have spent all my life here and don't know many people outside Bangalore. I cannot take the risk of relocating to some other unknown place and put my family to face more financial trouble,\" said Kareem.There's seems to be no end to the travails of Baby and her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714377", "title": "1 out of 5 girls is harassed on Ashok Rajpath daily", "text": "PATNA: Ashok Rajpath is a haven for eve-teasers with a number of female collegians using the road to reach their colleges. People passing through the road, in a hurry to reach their destinations, may not have realized the enormity of the problem of teasing of girls, but this reporter discovered on Thursday that roughly one out of every five girls was harassed by both young and old lechers among the crowd on this road.And much against what the self-professed moral guardians of the society would like people to believe, the crime had nothing to do with the sartorial preferences of girls. Be it girls clad in 'salwar-kamiz' or in jeans and T-shirt, they were equally at the receiving end of lechers. This reporter also discovered that while youngsters gathered at the tea stalls and small cigarette shops scattered in the area confined themselves to passing comments and staring, older people tended to surreptitiously touch the young girls!One Simmi passing through the road said she has been commuting through the area for around three years now and has developed the sense of sniffing danger in the crowd.\"While walking on the pavement, when I spot an elderly person coming from the front and staring at me, I realize that he will try to touch me. So, now, I generally manage to avoid such incidents,\" she said.Standing near a book shop for around an hour, this reporter witnessed eight incidents of a group of boys standing at a tea-stall near the lane leading to Darbhanga House, which houses the postgraduate departments of Patna University, passing comments on girls. Girls wearing sunglasses in particular came in for comments by these boys. However, none of the girls responded back to the boys.Also, the girls commuting by two-wheelers became the victims of youth riding bikes. Some tried to annoy such girls by constantly honking from behind, while some others opted to shock the girls by passing them from their left, swinging their vehicles in a 'lahariya cut'. This reporter also discovered that rickshaw wallahs of the area too were daring enough to pass dual-meaning comments on girls.Asked about scanty police deployment in the area, Pirbahore police station's SHO said police constables were deployed at the gates of Patna College, NIT campus and also near the university campus.However, this reporter didn't spot even one policeman or gypsy patrolling the area in two hours.Though Ashok Rajpath is the place with maximum number of hostels and students residing in the area, the place lacks street lights. Ruby Singhania, a student of Patna University, complained that commuting through the area becomes unthinkable after sunset as there is not even a single street light near her hostel located in front of Khuda Bakhsh Library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715593", "title": "Mother, wife wish Jagan on his birthday", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was time to party at Chanchalguda jail on Friday. Though there were no celebrations as such inside the jail, YSR Congress leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy's 40th birthday was celebrated with gung-ho by his supporters.Jagan's mother Vijayamma cut a cake on the wishes of women supporters of the party as she came out of jail after visiting her son. Much as the local police tried to keep Jagan's supporters at bay at the Chanchalguda crossroads itself, some women pushed their way inside.Jagan's wife Bharati and their two daughters, and Sharmila's two sons and daughter also came. Sharmila, who recently underwent surgery for a ligament problem, and her husband Anil, however, did not come. Since jail rules do not allow any outside food, Jagan's family did not get a cake.According to prison sources, Jagan looked cheerful. For a change, it was simply a family gettogether with no politicians hovering around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714530", "title": "7 students in Patna University senate soon", "text": "PATNA: After a gap of nearly three decades, Patna University (PU) students will have their say in the university's senate scheduled for January 23. Five student representatives to be elected by the office-bearers of the newly elected Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) will participate in the deliberations of the senate and will also have a say in the approval of the university's budget for the next financial year.According to PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan, the PUSU office-bearers had been asked to elect the five representatives to the senate and submit their names to the university by January 10. Besides, one student having proficiency in sports and games will also be nominated to the senate by the PU sports board. The vice-chancellor will also nominate a meritorious student to the senate. Thus, there will be altogether seven student representatives in the senate this time, Paswan said.The PUSU office-bearers discussed their problems at a meeting held here on Friday. They also discussed strategies to get the deserving students elected to the senate.PU examinations:The term-end examination of the first semester of all postgraduation courses of PU shall commence from December 24, according to the revised programme. About 1,600 students of arts, science and commerce streams are likely to take the examination to be held at two centres, Patna College and Patna Science College. While the examination of first paper will be held on December 24, those of other papers will be held in January when the university reopens after Christmas holidays, said PU examination controller Binay Soren.National conference:A three-day national conference on 'Recent developments in mathematics and related areas' organized jointly by PU mathematics department and Patna Science College will be held from December 22 to 24. The conference, being held on the occasion of the 125th birth anniversary of great mathematician S Ramanujan, will be attended by mathematicians from India and abroad, said Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha.State minister for law, planning and development Narendra Narain Yadav will inaugurate the conference at the Wheeler Senate House. PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh will preside over the event.Law workshop:Patna Law College, in collaboration with Justice Ventures International (JVI), Washington, organized a workshop on Friday in which more than 150 law students were given training on human trafficking and bonded labour laws with reference to Supreme Court and National Human Rights Commission directives and guidelines. College principal Rakesh Verma inaugurated the workshop and faculty member P K Mishra coordinated the event. JVI representatives Hemraj Nehru and Sanju Singh addressed the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714410", "title": "'Why didn't their moms teach them not to treat women as objects?'", "text": "I consider myself to be a braveheart. But, honestly speaking, the recent gang rape of a 23-year-old in Delhi has shaken my confidence.I believe every girl faces eve-teasing or sexual assault in one form or another at some point of time. I too did, a fortnight back while returning home from my office around 7.30pm. I was waiting for an auto at the Town Thana Chowk in Chhapra (Chhapra is a small district HQ town where young women usually don't step out of home after sundown, but that's not my bank's problem) when two guys on a bike swished past me and passed some comments. I ignored, thinking they might be calling someone.A few minutes later they returned and asked if I would like to come with them. They also said a few other things. I shouted at them, but that didn't scare them. Then I took off my sandal and yelled at them whether they would like to be hit by my sandal or just run away. I also looked around for help. But to my surprise, the onlookers were laughing as if an interesting drama was going on. However, my loud voice and angry face made the boys run away.What was more disgusting was the fact that the eve-teasers were younger to me. I pitied on them; I pitied on their parents, especially their mothers, who didn't teach them how to treat a woman, a woman senior to them in age. All they learnt from their elders, including their mothers and sisters, was that women, irrespective of their age, were only objects.Ironically, I got to experience all this at a place near a police station. Even an all-woman police station is only a stone's throw from the spot. I did not tell my parents about this incident because I didn't want to upset them as they had to leave for Azamgarh the very next morning. Many people advise me to return home early from the office, but I doubt if this is the only way to stay protected. We can stop eve-teasing by our strong protests for sure, but the way the Delhi girl was treated by the monsters in that running bus is a matter of concern. I try to look strong but I feel insecure when I read such horrifying news-items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17715470", "title": "Punjab IAS officer HIS Grewal dead", "text": "CHANDIGARH : A serving IAS officer in Punjab, HIS Grewal died on Friday morning after a massive cardiac arrest.The 1992 - batch IAS officer from Punjab, Harjit Inder Singh Grewal, was secretary. public grievances and pensions and had served at several important positions.He was 57 and is survived by wife and a son. The chief minister PS Badal also condoled his death terming him \"an able administrator and a fine human being, who always discharged his duties with professional commitment and utmost dedication.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17715330", "title": "Forensics belie cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 claims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Scientific evidence and witness statements helped CBI crack the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar fake encounter case. The probe agency in its chargesheet, told the special CBI court that based on this evidence and statements, it has been able to establish that Sadiq was killed in a staged encounter and also that Gujarat police had held him in illegal custody before the encounter in January, 2003.The CBI filed its chargesheet in this case on Friday, after arresting five cops in this regard. CBI leveled charges of murder, criminal conspiracy, abduction, illegal detention and abetment.Interestingly, the first person arrested in this case - former journalist of Mumbai Ketan Tirodkar, does not find a place in the chargesheet. CBI first questioned Tirodkar and then arrested him. However, the probe agency could not establish Tirodkar's involvement and did not file a chargesheet against him. The former journalist later got bail. In this chargesheet too, there is no mention of Tirodkar. When contacted, CBI's IO was silent on the status of Tirodkar.The complainant in this case, Sadiq's brother Shabbir Mehtar, named 17 persons including senior IPS officers like P P Pande, and senior central IB officer, Rajender Kumar, apart from suspended IPS officer and accused in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram cases D G Vanzara. None of them have been accused in this chargesheet. CBI sleuths hint that much more is to come in further investigations, though they have been doing so for the year and a half.Tirodkar's statement however did help CBI zero in on some Mumbai cops who were part of the Sadiq Jamal conspiracy. The CBI questioned some Maharashtra cops posted in the Mumbai crime branch in 2003. CBI sources said: \"We have recorded statements of some Mumbai police officials which prove that days before the encounter, they had handed over Sadiq to Gujarat police in 2003.\"Forensic and ballistic experts from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), Delhi, helped CBI reconstruct the encounter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d twice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at the spot near Galaxy cinema in Naroda. The report submitted by CFSL unearthed glaring discrepancies between what actually happened and the story narrated in the FIR filed by crime branch officials. The FIR said that Sadiq was a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist who was in Gujarat to kill the chief minister Narendra Modi. The police claimed that Sadiq had shot at them first and then was killed in retaliatory fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714036", "title": "Gunmen threaten truck's helper, flee with tyres, rims", "text": "GURGAON: A case of extortion has been lodged against two unknown miscreants who fled with the wheels (tyres and rims) of a half-body truck from the service lane of the Gurgaon-Delhi expressway near Naharpur Rupa village in the wee hours of Friday. Police said the suspects had threatened the helper of the truck who was asleep in the cabin around 2.30am with a gun before committing the theft.Chotelal, a native of UP, who lodged the complaint with the Sadar police, said he was sleeping in the truck while the driver was sleeping somewhere near Rajiv Chowk. Early morning, the two persons knocked on the truck window. When he woke up and tried to ask them what they wanted, one of them fished out a gun and pointed it towards him. They told him not to leave the vehicle or else they would shoot at him.The helper told the police that he was terrified and lay low inside the cabin of the truck for about 20 minutes. When he finally gathered courage to leave the truck, he saw that the miscreants had already opened two tyres and the rims of the truck and fled. He then informed the driver and then the police.\"We are investigating the matter. We have no clues in the case so far,\" said ASI Ravinder Singh , who is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718572", "title": "Congress whitewashed in Surat", "text": "SURAT: The Diamond City was painted saffron on Thursday as Congress was whitewashed on all the 12 seats in the city. Not only were the Congress candidates defeated by their rivals from BJP, they failed to come up with close fight.Surat (East) and Limbayat were the only seats that saw a contest of sorts. The Congress leaders were not expecting a complete white wash and were shocked at the results. Senior Congress leader Kadir Pirzada, who was in on Surat (East) seat, was hopeful of a win as the constituency has 78,000 minority voters out of a total of 2.02 lakh electors. Said to be a close associate of Ahmed Patel, political advisor to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Pirzada lost to BJP heavyweight Ranjit Gilitwala by a margin of 15,789 votes.Reacting to his loss he said, \"We accept the mandate of the people. There was a heavy consolidation of votes and the writing was clear on the wall.\"In the last three assembly elections, the BJP won this seat twice and Congress once. But every time the margin was not more than 3,000 votes.In Limbayat, Sangita Patil emerged victorious by a huge margin despite heavy dissidence in the BJP ranks over fielding her. The story was same on Majura seat where Harsh Sanghavi won despite there being opposition to him from within the BJP.In Karanj, Varachha Road, Katargam, Kamrej, Surat (West), Majura, Udhana and Choryasi, the Congress candidates accepted defeat by the time 60 per cent of the votes were counted.Newcomer Raja Patel won on Choryasi. In Kamrej, Praful Panseria polled highest number of 1.26 lakh votes by any candidate in the city.City BJP president Purnesh Modi said, \"This shows the confidence of Surti voters in BJP.\"His counterpart Ashok Jirawala of the Congress said, \"I am dumbstruck by the results. These results are unbelievable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17719890", "title": "TCS begins recruitment for Indore", "text": "INDORE: India's leading software firm, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), looking to start its operations in Indore, has started recruitments for the project. This was informed by a senior TCS official, who was in the city to attend a local event.Vice-president, TCS, Suresh Mhatre talking to TOI said, \"We have already started looking for fresh recruitments at various campuses in the state, including Indore.\" Giving the details about TCS' forthcoming venture in Indore, Mhatre said, \"It would be a full-fledged development centre which may comprise a small data centre and a BPO so as to focus software development for export. Nearly 2000-2500 persons are likely to be recruited by the company for its forthcoming Indore venture, which was all set to come up in the Super Corridor area within next couple of years.However, my company is likely to start its Indore venture with a staff of 500-700, he said. Though the state government has already given all the necessary clearances for our proposed Indore project, we are waiting for some from the Centre\". Interestingly, the IT giant would require some 25,000 employees in a phased-manner for its entire global operations in the current fiscal. It has taken a cue from the improving economy in the USA. TCS enjoys half of the market share in the US market.The IT industry is undergoing a change. But, it's recovering. The biggest market for India-based IT firms continues to be the US. There was a dip in Indian IT firms' earnings during 2009-10 and 2010-11 due to the then global slump, he said. However, there is a positive change since then as the Indian IT firms have witnessed a business growth by 20% on an annual basis since then thanks to the recovery of the US' economy, added Mhatre.That the US economy was on its path of recovery is evident from the fact that there has been an increase in salary by 10% on an average for the workers in the country, that too after a gap of 2-3 years. Recovery may be slow, but it has already started in the USA. It is a good signal for Indian IT firms as they are aiming at good business from the US markets, he said.Normally, 20-30,000 persons are recruited in the country by the IT firms. However, nearly 25,000 persons have already been recruited in the current fiscal so far, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717638", "title": "Bringing in the New Year, with a hot new bod", "text": "City folk are gearing up for New Year's eve parties by following get-slim-quick programmesLucknowites are literally sweating it out this winter. For, in the run up to the New Year, they're vying for a perfect 10 body to flaunt at the December 31st parties. Gym trainers and dieticians in the city are flooded with requests from city folk to help them shed some extra kilos in time for the New Year's eve party.\"It's New Year time and Lucknowites are back on track,\" laughs Deepika Bhalla, nutrition specialist and gym owner. She adds, \"It's a panic situation out there right now. Some are crash dieting, apart from gymming twice a day.\"With quick weight loss all the rage in town, it's ill-effects on health aside, gym instructor Sajid Ahmed Qureshi had to come up with a weight loss challenge programme for his clients. \"In fact, I was lead to do that by my clients, especially couples, who were after my life since November that they wanted to lose weight as the party season was beginning,\" he says, adding, \"So, I planned a fast-track gymming programme with lifestyle changes and a few exercises. Some men and women, who were already in shape also participated in this programme and lost a few more kilos, for fear of gaining weight by eating out this festive season,\" he laughs. Some men and women, who were already in shape also participated in this programme and lost a few more kilos, for fear of gaining weight by eating out this festive season,\" he laughs.Young entrepreneur Veer Singh is a happy man, he's finally fitting into the tuxedo he plans to wear this this New Year's eve. \"Though I started losing weight right from the beginning of this year - I lost almost 27 kgs - somewhere midway, I lost motivation. And then it struck me that New Year's eve was my motivation. And here I am losing, the exact inches and kilos to fit into a tuxedo. I have never been this excited in my life. My gym instructor had a tough time helping me lose weight,\" he says.Clients want to work out specific body parts to look their best. \"Women wanting to wear backless blouses are going for posture correction. Men and women both are working on their arms and shoulders - while the men want to flaunt their biceps, women are doing so as they will be wearing halter necks. It's crazy, with clients coming up with such demands,\" says Deepika.Supriya, a party goer, agrees with Deepika. \"I have been working on my legs all this December. I am cycling like an person obsessed just to get thin legs. I want to wear drain pipe pants and for that I need to have perfect thin legs. I'm almost there,\" she says.Party regular Prakhar Tandon's dream of wearing a skin-tight T-shirt is the reason behind his flat tummy. \"My last new year resolution was to have a six-pack ab, but woh toh ho nahi paya. So, I settled for a flat tummy. Since November last week, my goal was to lose weight around my abs. I'm ready to flaunt my new bod this New Year's bash,\" he gushes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17715356", "title": "Uzbek woman rescued, pimp held at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A woman from Uzbekistan was rescued from prostitution and a local pimp from Dhargal, Pernem, was arrested by the Calangute police late on Thursday night at Sinquerim.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said they received a tip-off that a car would be bringing a foreign woman to be delivered to a customer for the purpose of prostitution. A police team kept a watch and intercepted the white-colour car when it arrived at an ice-cream parlour in Sinquerim.The police then took the driver, Rohit Karapurkar, 26, of Dhargalim, Pernem, into custody and rescued the Uzbekistan woman who was residing in Morjim. The raid was conducted in the presence of representatives of an NGO. The victim woman has been sent to protective custody at Apna Ghar in Merces, while Karapurkar was arrested under Section 4, 5 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956, for supplying the woman to a prospective customer for the purpose of prostitution and for living on the earnings of prostitution in a public place.Police said the woman was staying in the country without a valid visa as her visa had expired, and will thus be arrested for violating the Foreigners Act. This is the twenty first raid conducted by the Calangute police regarding prostitution in the last eight months, in which 41 victims have been rescued and 52 accused arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715028", "title": "'No dearth of funds for research in science and technology'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union minister for science and technology S Jaipal Reddy on Friday said Rs 60,000 crore had been allocated in the 12th Five Year Plan for taking up research in the field. This is exclusive of the budget for defence research. Jaipal Reddy was speaking at the pearl jubilee international conference on Navigation and Communication (Navcom-2012) organised by Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and Research and Training Unit for Navigational Electronics (Nertu), Osmania University.Jaipal Reddy said there would be no dearth of funds for doing basic research and science and urged universities to become centres of excellence. He advised them to concentrate on a specific areas for research. The minister said there were several spin-offs in the research done by DRDO and had many civilian applications which had to be recognised. Jaipal Reddy refused to entertain questions from the media about what he felt about being given the science and technology ministry. \"I do not want to talk politics,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718179", "title": "In the tribal belt, party's hold continues", "text": "VADODARA: While the Congress may have only squared things out with the BJP in central Gujarat, the party's hold in the tribal area continued. The Congress won on seven out of the 10 seats where tribal electorate has a say in the region.The region previously had nine seats where tribal electorate was decisive. Of these, eight were reserved for the scheduled tribes (ST). After delimitation, the region has 10 seats where the tribal electorate dominates and all are reserved for ST candidates.Of the nine seats till 2007 where the tribal electorate had a sway, five were in the Dahod district and four in Vadodara district. In 2012 polls, five ST reserved seats fell in Dahod, two in Panchmahal and three in Vadodara.In the last assembly polls, the Congress had won on six of the nine seats while three went to the BJP. This year Congress won seven of the 10 seats with three going to the BJP.The 2002 polls were the only exception when the BJP had swept the entire tribal belt. The party had won all the seats in Panchmahal, Dahod and Vadodara district including those in the tribal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714920", "title": "Industrial night power tariff rebate to go up", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing that the state's industries were losing their competitive edge, the state government has taken steps to reduce industrial tariff. MSEDCL has filed a petition in Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) to increase the night rebate to Rs2.50 per unit from Rs 1 per unit at present. The hearing was held on Wednesday.MSEDCL has stated in the petition that the availability exceeded the demand at night and hence Mahagenco had to reduce its generation by 300MW. If the night rebate was increased according to its calculations the night load would increase by 500MW and the day load would reduce consequently.The company would buy the remaining 200MW from market at the rate of Rs2 per unit. It has calculated that it will incur an excess expenditure of only Rs10 crore till March. MSEDCL had proposed this rebate in the 2012-13 tariff petition but it was rejected by MERC.The issue of high industrial tariff and other sector problems was raised by opposition MLCs Vinod Tawde, Pandurang Phundkar, Diwakar Raote, Ashish Shelar and others in the legislative council. Minister of state for energy Rajendra Mulak spelt out various measures to improve the power situation.Mulak said that currently load shedding was being implemented at 11 KV feeder level but MSEDCL was preparing to do it at distribution transformer level so that load shedding as a disincentive to power thieves become more pinpointed. \"Due to power cuts the losses in many areas have come down,\" he said.He further said that Mahagenco power stations were getting only between 50 and 70% of their coal requirement. A major reason was non-availability of railway rakes. \"A meeting was held with coal minister last month. The ministry has decided to synchronize coal supply so that coal mined in an area is supplied mostly in nearby areas. This will increase coal availability a lot,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714551", "title": "HC: Sainbari panel can't probe 2 terms", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Friday ruled that the Justice Arunabha Bose Commission set up by the state government to probe the Sainbari killings of March 17, 1970, can't inquire into two terms of reference. Justice Dipankar Datta, hearing a petition by Rajat Bandyopadhyay and Durga Shivaprosad Roy - two accused in the case who were later acquitted - directed that the commission can't probe into why the incident happened or try to find out who were involved, at least for the time being.The commission can, however, find out who the victims were, what losses they incurred and whether they received compensation. It can also find out whether any compensation is due to the victims more than 42 years after the incident. tnnWhile some may consider this a blow for the government, legal experts believe that this is a positive move. On October 19, Justice Datta had instructed that the commission can't move beyond collecting affidavits from those interested in the case. The court also directed the commission to prepare a report on the status of the police inquiry that was conducted after the killings and the legal process that followed.The state was also directed to file an affidavit within six weeks stating why it chose to set up another judicial committee to probe the matter when another one had already submitted its report. The matter will come up for hearing two weeks after that.The incident had occurred a day after the United Front government in West Bengal was dismissed by the Centre. Siblings Pranab Sain and Moloy Sain and Jiten Roy - a private tutor present at their residence - were brutally murdered by a mob. The Sain brothers were Congress workers. In 1972, the Congress government in power in the state set up the Justice Tarapodo Mukherjee Commission to probe the killings. The Commission, in its report, accused several prominent CPM leaders but they were acquitted later.After the court order, minister of state for law Chandrima Bhattacharya said: \"We shall file an appeal in the division bench. The commission will continue to probe into the other terms of reference.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17718814", "title": "Modi resigns, to take oath on December 26", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi on Friday met Governor Dr Kamla at Raj Bhavan and tendered his and all ministers' resignations as part of constitutional formalities. Dr Kamla welcomed Modi with a bouquet of flowers.Modi also submitted all the necessary legal papers to stake his claim for forming the new government with majority.State BJP spokesman IK Jadeja said, \"The chief minister will be sworn in for the fourth time in a row on December 26. CM's oath ceremony will be held at Sardar Patel Stadium in Ahmedabad.''Modi is likely to take the oath first and the ministers will take oath in a separate function at Raj Bhavan later.Modi had replaced Keshubhai Patel to become the chief minister for the first time on October 1, 2001. The outgoing 12th assembly was dissolved on Thursday by the governor after the results were declared. BJP won 115 seats in the 182-member House, 23 more than what is required for a simple majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713925", "title": "Physio body to help gang rape victim", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's physiotherapists will provide financial and legal assistant to the Delhi gangrape victim, a physiotherapy student.President of The Indian Association of Physiotherapists, Dr Ali Irani said, \"We, as physiotherapists, feel it is our duty to provide support to our fellow physio. Various hospitals will be supporting her. Our members at the hospital are already in touch with her and the family.'' IAP said. IAP is also writing to Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde demanding stern action against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713994", "title": "D-Day dos mark turn of Mayan calendar", "text": "MUMBAI: At the stroke of midnight Friday, bouncers outside a pub in Worli burst into the party and began herding the guests into a 'safe zone' nearby. The world was about to end they said, and the room next door was the Noah's Ark that would ship them to safety.Doomsday celebrations took on a riot of colours last night complete with mock evacuation drills, drinks named after the Apocalypse and Russian models handing out free 'shots' that were as potent as they come.As midnight went by, parties erupted in a frenzy of celebration as people rejoiced at having \"survived the end of the world\". The Mayan calendar made a seamless turn into the next 5,000-year cycle so it was time to rejoice. Diners and pubs across the city had used ingenious ways to draw in the crowds, including one whose theme was 'Save the World'.The old house of the Thadani family at Worli Seaface has been converted into the Cool Chef Cafe to advantage. The bar is where Grandfather Thadani's bedroom used to be and the pool table was formerly a garage for vintage cars.Friday night, Cool Chef became the seat of the Mayan civilization as organizer Riya Dhalla draped it with Doomsday posters and slogans. DJ Kaushal Pratap urged revellers to \"dance like it's the end of the world\". \"While making the set and playlist for this gig, the only thought on my mind was, what would I want to listen to before the world comes to an end,\" he laughed.Although the Doomsday threat passed at 11.11am, owner Tarun Thadani and his brother Kaviraj devised a midnight crescendo for this party. \"We are making sure that as the clock strikes 12, our bouncers evacuate everyone to safety to the adjacent banquet hall. There we have DJ Nick from New York waiting to take over the rest of the night,\" said Tarun.Russian models distributed free Jagermeister shots to the strains of We Don't Wanna Die, giving happy hours a new meaning.\"We had devised a similar party last year that said 'One Year to Live',\" recalled Riya. That was the first many people heard of Doomsday and the thrill came full circle as December 21 passed without incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715243", "title": "UP cops accused of rape let off with mild punishment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the outrage over the Delhi bus gangrape has led to growing chorus for capital punishment to rapists, the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) seems to have drafted its own penal code for cops facing similar charges. Or how else can one explain that top cops merely ordered transfer of a police constable accused of raping a minor, out of Bareilly. Another constable, who attempted to molest a teenage girl was only transferred from one police unit to another within the district.Even this action came only after district magistrate (DM) Bareilly intervened against the rape accused. In the second incident, the growing resentment among locals forced the transfer of cop accused of rape attempt, to another unit within the city. Allegations are higher ups in Lucknow tried to protect the accused cops to the extent that the orders of a senior police officer in Bareilly were overlooked by his subordinates.The first incident took place on December 17 when traffic constable Shivendra Tripathi barged into the house of a retired DySP in Old Reserve Police Lines in Bareilly. Heavily drunk, the cop told the retired police officer's teenaged son to fetch him a bottle of liquor from the nearby store. When the boy refused saying that his younger sister would be left alone in the house as the rest of the family members had gone out of station, the cop got agitated.\"He then started abusing my brother and threatening to implicate him in a false case. My brother got afraid and agreed to get a bottle of liquor from him. The moment my brother left, he pounced upon me, tore off my clothes and tried to rape me .... \" the victim told TOI. \"He even snatched away my mobile phone and shoved it under the mattress. As he was already drunk, I quietly took out my cellphone from under the mattress and filmed him when he was trying to undress,\" the victim said.With video footage in hand, the girl then raised an alarm. As locals rushed to her rescue the tipsy constable beat a hasty retreat. The girl tried to register a complaint against the constable but local police refused to do so. Locals then met IG on December 18. The IG ordered an inquiry on the complaint by the circle officer Rajkumar Agarwal who found the allegations prima-facie true. Despite the charges being confirmed, SSP Bareilly did not get a criminal case lodged against the constable. In the name of punishment, the accused constable Shivendra Tripathi was transferred from the civil police to the armed police wing of Bareilly.The second incident took place on December 2 when police constable Surkesh Sharma raped a girl in Harungala locality of Bareilly city. After the victim's attempt to lodge an FIR failed, she approached DM Bareilly who then ordered an inquiry into the incident. Even after the allegations were found prima-facie true, the local Baradari police refused to lodge an FIR till SSP Bareilly Satyendra Veer Singh intervened. Even after the case was registered, Baradari police have failed to arrest the cop. Even after the SSP got the accused transferred out of Bareilly, the \"well-connected\" khaki clad refused to comply with the transfer orders. It was only after the SSP warned the police station in-charge of penal action if the constable was not relieved off his duty within the next six hours.Sources said that though the constable concerned made the required entries in the general diary (GD) of the police station where he was posted but had failed to report his arrival at his new place of posting till late on Friday evening. It was only after a series of queries were made by the media persons that the senior officials came to know about the incident and the SSP ordered his suspension on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714367", "title": "Allow Bengal films in Bangla: Partha", "text": "KOLKATA: Industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Friday made an impassioned appeal to Bangladesh information minister Hasanul Haq Inu to allow the screening of films produced in West Bengal in his country.\"We must allow free flow of hilsa, Jamdani sari and Bengali cinema across the border. Let us take a vow to act decisively, blurring the political border,\" Chatterjee said at Ficci's Media and Entertainment Business Conclave on Friday.Later, speaking to TOI, Inu claimed there were no barriers between the two countries on trade of films. \"Bengali films made in Kolkata are very popular in Dhaka. It has been so since the days of filmmakers like Ritwik Ghatak and matinee idols like Uttam-Suchitra. Now, Dev and Jeet are popular heroes in Bangladesh,\" he said.However, there is more to it than meets the eye. Bangladeshi producers don't want films from Tollywood in theatres, fearing loss of viewers for their films. Also, the Bangladeshi television industry opposes entry of movies from Bengal to counter the unofficial embargo on Bangladeshi channels in India.\"It is a peculiar scene in Dhaka. There are theatres with Bangaldeshi movies that hardly draw any audience. Next to it are stalls selling pirated DVDs of movies made in Bengal that sell like hot cakes. We want the money being lost in piracy to be tapped so that it helps producers in Bengal and exhibitors in Bangladesh,\" said Film Federation of India president Vijay Khemka.But that's not the entire story. Theatres in Bangladesh don't have toilets and use gunny bags sewn together for screens, putting off visitors. Of the 1,200 theatres in Bangladesh, only 500 are currently in operation with 14 to 15 shutting down each year.\"If we want to take the movies to Bangladesh, we must first invest in theatres there and help them make the digital transition. Remember how Bengali movies mushroomed in the wake of the multiplex and digital revolution,\" director Goutam Ghose, who chaired the MEBC East meet, pointed out.Addressing Bangladeshi producers' paranoia over entry of movies from Bengal, Bollywood director Mahesh Bhatt pointed out how former Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf reluctantly allowed Hindi movies to be screened in Pakistan despite objections from Lahore's film industry and how it helped revive the latter.\"Even after 9/11 when India has taken several tough measures against Pakistan, Indian movies continue to be screened there... There's no reason why it can't happen between Bengal and Bangladesh that are still so closely knit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713086", "title": "40% electricity tariff hike plan sparks anger", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumers voiced concern over a proposal to increase the power tariff at a public hearing by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission recently.The tariff of more than 1.6 crore power consumers, including 25 lakh in Mulund, Bhandup, Kanjurmarg, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Kalyan and Dombivli, may increase by over 40% in the next financial year. \"If there is a hike, then why should consumers buy that power from the state government as it could be even costlier than the electricity being generated by private power plants?\" asked consumer representatives on Thursday.The hearing held by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission ( MERC) was held over a multi-year business plan submitted by the Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Ltd (MSPGCL), also known as Mahagenco. MSPGCL generates power and supplies it to state power distributor - the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) - which then supplies it to consumers across the state, including a few central suburbs of Mumbai and distant townships beyond city limits.Currently, the power company sells power at Rs 3.14 per unit but it could increase in the range between Rs 4.40 and Rs 5.52 per unit in 2013-2014. Few of its plants would be able to restrict the cost of supply between Rs 3.40 and Rs 4.18 per unit. Thus overall the power cost would range between Rs 4.50 to Rs 5 per unit.Pratap Hogade of Maharashtra Veej Grahak Sanghatana ( MVGS) while objecting to this growing cost of supply for consumers projected in the business plan of Mahagenco said the generation units of state's power producer had been consistently generating power much less than their capacity.According to Hogade thermal power plants of the MSPGCL were producing to 60-65 per cent of their generating capacity against the generation 105 cent registered by power units belonging to major private generators like Reliance, Tata and around 75 per cent by the National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd power plants. He pointed out that even the maintenance and capital costs on newer expansion plans suggested by MSPGCL were much more than the costs being incurred nationally by other government-owned generators.However, the MSPGCL in its reply said that shortage of coal supply, larger quantum of raw and substandard coal were mainly responsible for the decline in actual generation by 25 per cent against the existing capacity. MSPGCL also pointed out the dues of about Rs 4500 crore pending with its distribution arm - the MSEDCL which recovers money from consumers besides the growing costs of coal, gas, oil and setting up of newer plants internationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715292", "title": "'Rules for dir, dy dir of higher education yet to be drawn up'", "text": "PANAJI: Although the posts of state director and deputy director of higher education were established in 1996, the recruitment rules for the posts have not been established.Addressing mediapersons, Trajano D'Mello, president of Lokancho Adhar, questioned why the government has not done so when it talks of good governance and transparency. He felt that Bhaskar Nayak the present director of higher education should be transferred immediately as he has completed over five years in the same post.\"To have good governance, you don't keep officers for more than three years (in a post),\" he said referring to the chief minister's statement of streamlining administration as part of good governance.D'Mello also demanded that a probe be ordered into Nayak's functioning with emphasis on the delays in releasing of various vacancies.D'Mello contended that non-recruitment of teachers affects higher education, and demanded that the government should direct the release of all pending NOCs of various posts in all the higher education institutions. This would be the first step towards the academic autonomy of institutions that the government has promised.He said he had found through RTI that 29 institutions come under the directorate of higher education and having gone through the records of various institutes, he had found that NOCs applied by various institutions for various posts are delayed even for over a year.When contacted, Nayak said, \"whose NOCs have been kept pending? I don't know of any NOCs (kept pending).\"\"My department is a very small department with less than 20 staff, and we look after 30 institutions and one university,\" said Nayak.Refuting the allegations, Nayak said \"let anybody say anything, I can challenge them.\"Nayak, who was first appointed as director of higher education in August 2002, was removed from the post by an order of then Governor S C Jamir, in April 2005. He was brought back as director by CM Digambar Kamat in July 2007 and continues to hold the post till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715158", "title": "Students, teachers, activists march against rape, demand speedy justice", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the wake of the recent violence crime against women in Delhi, a series of protests took place in Lucknow. Students from various schools and colleges not only demanded justice in the Delhi gang rape case but also pointed questions at the slow legal process in delivering justice to the victim.Senior students of Seth MR Jaipuria School took out a peace march carrying posters and banners with slogans such as 'Rape is Ape, how have you evolved?', 'Zero tolerance for violence against women', 'Niyat teri kharab hai, parde mei kyun mai rahu?' and others. The students marched from the school till Manoj Pandey crossing. The march was flagged off by principal Anju Wal and led by school head boy Aditya Agarwal and head girl Anushree Moitra. It was a peaceful march which expressed anguish and agony over the shameful incident and also expressed solidarity with the family of the victim.The noble endeavour was taken up voluntarily by the students and meant to inspire all other schools and the youth of the city. Anju Wal appreciated the initiative of the young students.Another protest was held at the Mahila Mahavidylaya, where students formed a human chain. Expressing solidarity towards the rape victim in Delhi, the students prayed for her speedy recovery. The students demanded immediate and stern action against the offenders.Students in other degree colleges started a signature campaign. Students, teachers wrote slogans such as 'end to rape, eve-teasing', and demanded that all pending cases of violence against women should be taken up early and justice be given. Meanwhile, members of All India Students Association (AISA), Lucknow University formed a human chain at Gandhi Pratima in Hazratganj. Students also took out a candle march for quick recovery of the rape victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714635", "title": "World not over, party's on", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many city residents chose to mark the Mayan doomsday prophecy by partying all night. As Facebook posts on the supposed doomsday abounded, many chose to dance the night away.Communities on social networking sites changed their name to \"What's next prediction from Doomsday 2012.\" Partygoers thronged lounges in the city to celebrate the doom that was not to be. \"It's doomsday and we are still alive. The myth of end of the world has been broken. Now let's wait for the next set of predictions.\" said Nitin Luthra, organizer of the doomsday party and owner of a lounge at Sector 26.Even though this was a big joke for many people from the outset, there were some who took the prediction to heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17716982", "title": "Sekhar Kammula to remake Vidya Balan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Kahaani", "text": "Looks like Sekhar Kammula is all set to remake Vidya Balan's Bollywood film Kahaani in Telugu. It's been widely speculated that the Sekhar would remake the successful Bollywood film in Kollywood and Tollywood, and the news has gradually gained momentum. And now it's confirmed that the director will start the pre-production work on this remake shortly.Sekhar, who will direct the film in two languages - Telugu and Tamil, says that he's delighted to be part of of the Kahaani remake. Adding that the adaptation will retain the thrill and essence of the original, the remake version will have a unique dimension that'll be customised to the local sensibilities.Endemol India, producers of popular shows Bigg Boss, Fear Factor, Savdhaan India, etc. have acquired the rights for the southern remake in association with Moving Pictures. Renowned novelist, Yandamoori Veerendranath, will co-write the adaptation along with Sekhar Kammula. The search in on for the lead characters is on.Kahaani is a thriller film directed, co-written and co-produced by Sujoy Ghosh. The film features Vidya Balan , Parambrata Chatterjee and Nawazuddin Siddiqui in lead roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17715629", "title": "Civic body rides roughshod over rules with cost escalations in road works", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has come under stinging criticism from the Comptroller and Auditor General for undertaking slipshod development and repairs of Mumbai's roads. The auditor's latest report highlights several infractions, including variations in tender costs, disregard of technical guidelines, nonrecovery of security deposits from contractors, direct losses of over Rs 25 crore besides indirect losses of many crores.Tabled in the winter session of the assembly, the report on local bodies covers audit of records from 2007-08 to 2010-11 . In the report, the CAG rips apart the BMC and its roads department, which has faced intense public scrutiny for permitting poor road repair and maintenance works. Every year, a cartel of contractors grab tenders, provide poor work, quote low costs and thereby ensure that big firms stay away from the process.The CAG report underscores the rot in the system. Hinting at losses to the municipal exchequer, it notes that the roads department made 'idle' investment in potholefilling machines and did not put in place a Road Management and Maintenance System as per the recommendation of the Standard Technical Advisory Committee ( STAC). It also says the department did not recover additional security deposit of Rs 21 crore from a civil works contractor and lost out on Rs 1.38 crore in interest on the amount. In another case, the report adds, a loss of Rs 1.5 crore was incurred on account of non-recovery of \"rebate\" from a contractor.The severest stricture in the report is on award of contracts without invitation of tenders, which later enables major variations in costs. Between December 2009 and October 2011, the CAG reveals, 147 works of concreting (CC) and asphalting were awarded to the same contractors without calling tenders. Of these, 59 works recorded cost variations of Rs 750 crore. The cost of CC works surpassed the original estimate by 62% and of asphalting works by 57%.The BMC justified the variations by passing the buck to elected representatives. MPs and MLAs, the BMC argued, insisted on completing work on priority basis. This resulted in hasty preparation of estimates; besides, the election code of conduct meant no tenders were floated for a while.Dismissing the BMC's explanation , the CAG says: \"The department should have planned for inclusion of all work after reviewing the demand of corporators, MLAs and MPs. Before inviting tenders , it should have ensured there was no variation. This move was in violation of the MMC Act and deprived BMC benefits of competitive rates.\"According to the CAG, many of the STAC's 90 recommendations are not followed by the BMC, including on quality control provisions in tender specifications and a system to maintain records. Also, in violation of the MMC Act, many \"works of sizeable value were awarded by variations as additional works without inviting tenders\" .The objective of the report was to study if repairs were properly planned, if the tendering process was up to the mark, if work was undertaken 'effectively and economically' and if systems of monitoring and evaluation were put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17717034", "title": "UP government to impose National Security Act on those who rape a minor", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has decided to impose National Security Act on those who rape a minor. Arrangements to depute police in plain clothes outsides schools and colleges is also being made.An information to this effect was given by principal secretary home affairs, UP , RM Srivastava. He told reporters that the state government was extremely serious to check incidents of rape in the state. He also informed that five persons,n who allegedly raped a minor in different cases in the last one month, have already been booked under the provision.The state government has shown the desired seriousness regarding eve teasing, controlling which is a chance to limit cases of rape and sexual harassment much before they manifest. The officer said that police men being deployed outside schools would keep an eye on eve teasing and ensure safety of the girls. Womens' rights activists have welcomed the step.They had been asserting on the need to check eve teasing which is quite rampant in the city. An NGO Saajhi Dunia's survey showed that nine of ten girls using public transport have faced eve teasing on a regular basis. Unfortunately they ignore the matter fearing that the perpetrator may come back with higher aggression or fear to losing their freedom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715539", "title": "Tech snag hits power supply in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most parts of Haryana, including cities like Gurgaon, plunged into darkness on Thursday night as five power plants developed technical snags and were shut down temporarily, reducing the production by around 2,000MW.Haryana has a total power generation capacity of 5,303MW. Power distribution companies were able to supply only 3,200MW on Thursday, against a demand of 4,700MW. The situation is almost similar on Friday also.According to discoms, power demand was expected to go up to 5,100MW. Haryana power minister Ajay Singh said the supply would be streamlined by Tuesday.Among those units which were shut down included two 600MW units at the thermal power plant at Khedar (Hisar), two 250MW units at Panipat thermal power plant and one 300MW unit at Yamunanagar thermal plant. One 660MW unit at Jharli power plant has not been functioning since December 9.Industrial consumers faced longer power cuts over and above the scheduled six-hour shut down while domestic consumers in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Panchkula and Karnal had to depend on generators.Chairman-cum-managing director of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited Anurag Aggarwal said, \"This is something beyond our control. We are hopeful of restoring the normal supply by Monday\".Haryana power minister Ajay Singh claimed that both the electricity distribution companies - DHBVN and UHBVN - have been directed to purchase power from open market under short-term agreement.\"Though technical snags are imminent, in Haryana these problems are an outcome of lack of foresight of authorities involved in setting up power plants. Yamunanagar plants could hardly function properly for a single day. Similar is the case with Khedar plants,'' Vinod Gupta, an office-bearer of Northern India Power Engineers Association, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715112", "title": "Strewn UID cards: Postal negligence?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Officials of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) have written to the Post Master General, AP circle, seeking to know if any of its staff were responsible for the dumping of several Aadhaar cards in Chandrayangutta that were found earlier this month.On Dec. 15, people living in Chandrayangutta found nearly 850 cards thrown near a mosque in the area. Some of the cards were burnt while others were new and intact in their envelopes. Local police were informed and after verification it was found that many of the cards belonged to people living in Bandlaguda mandal. Officials of civil supplies department told the police that they were only facilitators for UIDAI. Cops then intimated UID authorities who began an enquiry into the matter. An UID official said that the cards were printed last year and dispatched through the postal department. \"We are trying to determine why these cards did not reach the respective applicants,\" said an official.Officials suspect the role of the postal department staff and the printing services provider availed by the department. While they claim that the cards could be those that were not delivered by the postal department staff owing to the absence of the recipients at the given address, the mutilation of a few of them and the sheer number of abandoned cards at one location makes the premise implausible. \"We suspect that these cards could have not been delivered. But it looks like a case of negligence of duty on part of the postal staff.An official of the level of deputy director has been appointed to enquire into the matter. We are taking the matter seriously,\" said a senior official.The UID has also urged the department to dispatch the cards with care in order to prevent such incidents from repeating in the future. UID officials are expected to approach Chandrayangutta police after gathering details of the dispatch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17717495", "title": "Misfiring archers face uncertain future after poor 2012", "text": "KOLKATA: Way off the mark in the London Olympics, future is tense for India's much-hyped archers after a woeful 2012 during which the sports ministry derecognised the association for election irregularities.Lack of planning came to fore in their debacle at the London Olympics as the six-member contingent, boasting of world number one Deepika Kumari, drew a blank at the Games.In a sport that requires fine precision, the archers peaked exactly a month before the Olympics when the men's team won the quota places in the World Cup Stage III.From there, it was downward slide, as the archers could not guard against complacency and made their exits in either round one or two of the Olympics.India had hoped for at least two medals -- one in the women's individual through Deepika and the second from the men's trio of Tarundeep Rai, Jayanta Talukdar and Rahul Banerjee who had shown fine form at the qualifiers in Ogden a month back.But London came as a rude jolt. Deepika made a first round exit, ditto for Chekrovolu Swuro , while Laishram Bombayla Devi, in her second Olympic appearance advanced to second round of 32. As a team, they failed to go beyond round of 16.The men's team suffered a similar fate, bowing out in the first round, the pre-quarters, while in the individual event, India's best bet, Jayanta Talukdar, qualified as 53rd seed and went down in the first round.The other two members, Tarundeep Rai and Rahul Banerjee, could cross the first round hurdle but were thrashed by their respective opponents in the second round of 32.India had earned the quota places in the women's section through the World Championship in July last year, a year before the Olympics, but the Archery Association of India had jumped the gun announcing that the same trio of Deepika, Bombayla and Chekrovolu would go to London.In a sport that demands current form, the Archery Association of India's policy did not work and the archers form had dipped when it mattered most.The debacle left team's manager and AAI Secretary General Paresh Nath Mukherjee shattered and he resigned immediately after London.AAI convened a meeting and tried to persuade Mukherjee but he remained firm, ending his association with archery for more than 30 years.There was more setback for Indian archery as it got murkier with the AAI elections when VK Malhotra won for an astonishing 10th term, in clear violation of sports code that restricts the number of terms to three and the age limit to 70.Malhotra, 81, became the longest running sports body chief, having been at the helm of the AAI for 40 years.But for the first time since 1973, Malhotra, who had been elected unopposed all these years, had to contest in an AAI elections against Assam unit vice-president BVP Rao, a former IAS and UN official.Malhotra won convincingly but Rao's challenge did bring to fore some dissidents in the AAI.There were more mess in store when the government withdrew recognition to AAI for violating the sports code and election irregularities.Indian archers do not have a head coach now with the exit of Limba Ram post London while the practice at SAI has been stopped since then.\"There's darkness looming large,\" Limba said about the archery mess.\"We had so much talent coming in but now we have to start afresh...I hope it's sorted out at the earliest. If they don't play, what would be their future in archery? Somebody has to come forward. Otherwise may God save archery.\"In such a scenario, Sahara India, who were sponsoring archery, may pull out next year when the contract is up for renewal.Amid all the negativity, there was a silver-lining from Ranchi teenager Deepika as she recovered from the London debacle to win a silver in the World Final held one month after the Olympics.In fact, she came very close to win the World Cup Final in Tokyo as she was leading 4-0 in her first appearance post-London. But an error of judgement led to her downfall as Olympic double gold-medallist Ki Bo Bae rallied past Deepika.Basking in the glory of the Commonwealth Games and the Asian Games, the Indian archers started 2012 on promising note.As the London Olympics drew closer, India had another high in the World Cup Stage II in Turkey when Deepika won her maiden international gold medal at senior level as she climbed to number one in the rankings.The men's team also showed promise ahead of their last qualification round for the Olympics as they finished silver in the World Cup Stage II.But those remained the only few high points of Indian archery in a forgettable 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714240", "title": "Class XI results to be declared on Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) will declare the results of the first semester exams of class XI (science) on Monday.Officials said that nearly 1.70 lakh students have appeared in the first semester exam which comprised objective-type questions. This is the highest number of students appearing in the science board exam this year.These papers were corrected by Optical Mark Reader (OMR). The results will be sent to school principals and will be declared to students on the same day. The result is expected to be around 90 per cent since the students tend to score better in OMR papers.Recently, the third semester results of HSC (science) students was declared, and they were in the 90 per cent region. The final fourth semester exam for the students will be held in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714639", "title": "Tracking buses and autos with The Eye In The Sky", "text": "Launched in 2010 in DTC buses, the global positioning system (GPS) could be the answer the city has been looking for to ensure safe public transport. A device that pinpoints the location and speed of the vehicle it's mounted on, the GPS device is a powerful tool - precisely because of its ability to expose the truth when it comes to violations.It's a lesson that the Delhi government has learnt over the past few years with its DTC and cluster bus systems. Officials in DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System) - the agency that provides the back-end GPS operations for the government - say that offences like speeding and rash driving have come down substantially since 4,000 DTC and 379 cluster buses were equipped with the system. Said the official: \"Since the location and speed is known, violations like speeding can be detected immediately. As for other rule violations, the data that the GPS generates compared with what the driver or conductor claim helps you get to the truth easily.\" The devices usually have a tamper alert which ensures that the system is not rigged.The new autorickshaws are fitted with a GPS device. \"The idea is that if the autorickshaw driver refuses to go, citing a problem with the vehicle, the data on the server will show up his claim. If the vehicle has moved around thereafter, the autorickshaw can be penalized for refusing a passenger, which is a permit violation,\" said a senior transport official. More than three permit violations will result in the licence being revoked.In effect, besides keeping a tab on the movement of the autorickshaw or bus, GPS acts as a major enforcement tool. It's a point that DIMTS, which has been managing the GPS system for two years now, says is a strong safety measure for passengers. \"There is no on-off key for the GPS device, which drivers and conductors know. Just knowing that there's someone keeping a tab on their movement or that there's a digital trail that they are leaving is a strong deterrent ,\" says a senior official.Combined with enforcement on the road, the GPS can be a deterrent that is desperately needed, admit officials. \"For instance, a chartered bus picks up passengers illegally though it's supposed to ply only along a certain route. With GPS, it's easy to prove that the bus is breaking the rules as a chartered bus will not stop every 2km, which it would do if it's picking up paying passengers. Since the driver knows this, he will think twice before doing this,\" added the official .The ground reality, of course, is much different. Years after promising a GPS-based bus system , the Delhi government has put only 4,000 DTC and a minuscule 379 cluster buses on GPS. The system continues to be riddled with problems as enforcement has been lagging, especially in the DTC. The Corporation, which plies 5,000 buses in the morning and 4,600 buses in the evening, has been regularly receiving complaints of buses running behind schedule and services missed in the evening.The Delhi government's introduction of GPS in autos is expected to fare better. Around 10,000 new autorickshaws are already on the server and are being tracked. The transport department has also added a panic button to the device, which will be logged in the operational control centre (OCC) and will ideally be diverted to the Delhi Police control room and PCR van. The nearest van would respond immediately to any distress call. The button, however, has not been operationalized yet as Delhi Police is not connected to OCC.Ensuring a safe tripGlobal positioning system (GPS) should be installed in all public transport vehicles to make it a safe journey for commutersHow it worksGPS starts tracking the vehicle the moment the device is registered with operational control centre (OCC)Chip inside the GPS device communicates with satellites and calculates the position and speed every 300 millisecondsInformation is logged with the server at OCC every 10 secondsAny deviation in route or speed is logged with the server and passed on to the authority concerned - DTC and transport department. Delhi Police is not part of the loop yetEach sealed GPS device has a unique digital signature, which helps OCC track every movement of the vehicleMost devices are tamper proof, bundled with a tampering signal that will alert OCC the moment anyone tries to tinker with it. Mid-level devices also have a long back-up battery that doesn't require high-end maintenanceOCC now tracks 4,000 DTC buses, 379 cluster buses and over 10,000 autos, utilizing only a fraction of its capacityGPS, say experts, sends a strong message to the personnel, making an impact on behavioral parametersHas already impacted in cases like rash driving, speeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713421", "title": "International Container Transhipment Terminal gets cabotage waiver from Centre", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre has issued orders relaxing cabotage restrictions for transhipment of export-import containers at the International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam.The decision, which will permit foreign flagged vessels to move containers transhipped through the ICTT to other Indian ports, is expected to scale up the volume of trade and revenue of the terminal. The relaxation is subject to 100% radiological scanning of containers arriving at the port as suggested by the defence ministry.The Cochin Port Trust (CPT) sources told TOI that they have already purchased the radiological scanner. \"The process of procuring a mobile X-ray scanner is on. We are awaiting approval from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB),'' said K N Raghavan, commissioner of Customs in Kochi.Shipping industry sources said reduction in transit time up to seven days and freight charges up to $ 300 per container would help Vallarpadam to compete effectively with hubs such as Colombo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714583", "title": "'Lax UT, police to blame'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With most PG accommodations running illegally, safety of girls therein continues to be neglected.Sunil Chopra, president of Sector 18 resident welfare association, who ran a campaign against illegal PGs, said police raided more than 100 houses in 2010.\"There are proper rules to register and run these PGs but due to lethargic attitude of both UT and police authorities, these rules are not being followed, leading to problems for the public,\" said P C Sanghi, president of the federation of sectors welfare association of Chandigarh.Sources in the UT administration said they are formulating a policy on the functioning of PGs, which would take some time.Assistant estate officer Rahul Gupta said, \"The issue is being examined and a drive to check unauthorized paying guest accomodations will be conducted shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714093", "title": "Golf Course Road now partly closed", "text": "GURGAON: Golf Course Road has been closed again for the construction of underpasses but this time authorities have done it partly to ensure passage for commuters. The infrastructure development company, IL&FS;, has been given the project of the 16-laning of the 8.3km road network between NH-8 Toll Plaza and Sector 55/56 in Gurgaon to make way for a signal-free drive.Earlier this week, the Haryana Urban Development Authority and DLF had closed Golf Course Road for construction of the underpasses but the authorities had faced stiff protests from local residents after which the road was re-opened.The authorities were then in a fix about starting work on the project in full swing without disrupting the traffic. The authorities held a series of meetings with agencies concerned to find the way out after it was decided to carry out construction in phases without blocking the road.On Friday, half of the road near the traffic signal on Golf Course Road was blocked for construction work while the remaining part of the road on both the sides was opened for commuters.When contacted, Ravinder Raina, head, infrastructure, DLF, said the roads were being widened to allow commuters to pass during the ongoing cons-truction. However, citing his busy schedule, he did not explain the exact measures being taken by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714406", "title": "Desi look for Christ this Xmas", "text": "KOLKATA: The famous 'crib-set' has just gone desi: Mother Mary in a saree, Joseph in a dhoti-kurta and the infant Jesus in a white vest, surrounded by others in this 'scene of Nativity' in Indian costumes. For the first time in India, this indigenous crib-set will be on display at the front courtyard outside the chapel of St Xavier's College on Park Street from Saturday.Traditionally, all figures in the scene of Nativity depicting the birth of Jesus in a stable in Bethlehem used to be clad in western or Roman attires - loose and long robes and shirts and trousers. But this crib-set, created by Kolkata-based Church Art that makes statues and murals of Christ and His disciples, is totally Indian in look.The stable is a mud thatched hut with typical Indian wall art ('alpana'), clothes hanging from a string on the wall, an earthen lamp and a bamboo ladder. The three wise men are dressed as Indian royalty - one is dressed like a Mughal king, another like a king from south India and the third like a noble from east India. The three shepherds are also dressed as Indians - one in a half-dhoti and vest, another like a shepherd from the hills in north India and the other like a farmer from south India.The winged angel in a kurta and lehenga completes the Indian look. As for the animals, apart from the traditional camel and sheep, a cow and a donkey have also been added.\"The facial features of the statuettes are also very Indian. They are dressed in clothes from all parts of the country to depict the diversity of India and the theme is also diversity in unity,\" said Subrata Ganguly of Church Art. Ganguly's murals and panels depicting biblical scenes and statues of biblical characters have been installed in many churches across the country.The Indian touches include a 'gamcha' (cloth towel) draped over Joseph's shoulder and the Indian headdresses of the other figures.\"This is part of the process of inculturation of the Catholic Church wherein forms and articles of worship, rituals and other practices are indigenized and re-designed to conform to local cultures,\" said St Xavier's principal Father Felix Raj. \"The idea was suggested by Ganguly who has already made a similar crib-set that will be on display at the International Nativity Museum at Bethlehem,\" he added.Father Raj said he was confident that the indigenous crib-set would be very well received.Ganguly's crib-set will be the first Indian entry at the Bethlehem museum, where the display of more than 200 crib-sets from 80 countries creates a rhapsody of customs, liturgy and rituality from all continents and ethnic groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718186", "title": "Dudhwallas milk victory in central, north Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: All 'dudhwallas' contesting the assembly elections in Gujarat have won comfortably. This time as many as 10 dairy co-operative leaders including chairmen of two district dairy milk unions were fielded by both Congress and BJP in central and north Gujarat regions of the state.Interestingly, the total number of dairy co-operative leaders fielded by both the parties this year is almost double when compared to the last assembly polls in 2007.Of the three dairy chairmen who were in fray in 2007, two of them - Baroda Dairy's then chairman Madhu Srivastava of the BJP and Amul Dairy chairman Ramsinh Parmar of the Congress had emerged as winners.The twin districts of Anand and Kheda district, the cradle of country's white revolution, are traditional strongholds of Congress. Ramsinh Parmar, Amul Dairy's chairman, and Rajendrasinh Parmar, Amul Dairy's vice-chairman emerged as winners again.While Ramsinh Parmar retained his hold on Thasra seat in Kheda district, Rajendrasinh, for whom the Borsad seat was new in Anand district, also emerged as the winner.Rajendrasinh, as Congress MLA, was earlier representing Bhadran seat which adjoins Borsad. Another Congress leader and director of Amul Dairy Mansinh Chauhan also won Balasinor seat in Kheda district.In the tribal belt of Panchmahal, Panchamrut Dairy's chairman Jetha Bharwad of BJP won Shehra assembly seat again by a margin of over 28,000 votes. Bharwad is enjoying a second term as the dairy co-operative's chairman after he got 18 directors elected unopposed in his panel when elections of Panchamrut Dairy were held in October.At Banaskantha which is home to Asia's largest dairy union - Banas Dairy - three milk co-operative leaders won the poll battle. If state health minister Parbat Patel who is director in the dairy's board won on Tharad seat, another BJP leader Shanker Chaudhary who was contesting from Vav also emerged victorious.Even for Congress fielding a co-operative leader at Dhanera seat helped. Joita Kasna Patel won the seat with a margin of over 30,000 votes.In Vadodara district, the BJP had fielded Baroda Dairy's director and sitting MLA Dinesh Patel alias Dinu Mama from Padra who won a closely contested poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713186", "title": "Teachers get crash course in learning disability", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation is training its primary school teachers to look for signs of dyslexia in children. The teachers will be given a crash course on how to detect learning disabilities, by closely observing the way children spell and write.Corporation officials said that close to 1,000 teachers from 120 primary schools run by the corporation would be included in the training given by the Madras Dyslexia Association (MDA). The training for the first batch of 50 primary teachers was conducted from December 4 to 6.About 15 % of children in the country are dyslexic, but the disorder captured public attention only after the 2007 Aamir Khan movie 'Taare Zameen Par.' Experts say, however, general awareness on dyslexia remains low. Some parents force left-handed children to write with the right hand, a reason for writing disabilities in children. Learning disability is an important reason for children refusing to go to school, they say.Welcoming the corporation move, clinical neuropsychologist Dr B S Virudhagirinathan said many parents and teachers failed to notice signs of learning disabilities in children. \"When a child fails in an exam, he gets scolded, punished and ridiculed. If the disorder is detected early, this could be avoided,\" he said. Teachers say it was a good lesson for them. \"I have seen many students who are unable to write words and letters correctly. The training would help me identify the problem and maybe correct it,\" said a teacher who attended the first batch of training.Vilasini Diwakar, coordinator at the MDA, said it would empower teachers. \"The trained teachers will be able to identify and remediate children having difficulties with reading, spelling, writing and mathematics using multi-sensory techniques.\"Some teachers say some children may have good spoken skills, but cannot express themselves when it comes to writing. Dyslexic children are also unable to concentrate on tasks at hand for an extended period. This may lead to complaints from teachers that they is easily distracted. Such students may write alphabets inverted, have difficulty in expressing themselves and may speak in a halting manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi/new delhi", "code": "17713406", "title": "Italian naval guards all set to fly home", "text": "KOCHI/NEW DELHI: Italy's diplomatic efforts finally succeeded in facilitating an almost-deferred Christmas reunion with their families back home for the two marines facing murder charges in Kerala.The marines - Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone - were all set to board the special aircraft that flew in to the Cochin International Airport on Friday morning to ferry them home when reports last came in. Following the high court nod, the Centre took a favourable decision to allow their travel. Only the \"processes\" were left which include signing of the final clearance order by external affairs minister Salman Khurshid.This formality was completed late Friday night, sources said. \"We took a very responsible and objective stand when asked by the court. We could not have taken any other stand. If a foreign government and its foreign minister present a document, a request and a guarantee to the court of our country, we can hardly say don't take it seriously,\" said Khurshid.He also said if India would not have taken this stand, it would have been in violation of international norms. Earlier, the marines appeared before the additional district and sessions court, Kollam, and executed the bond and other guarantees set by the HC. They also submitted an unconditional undertaking that they would return to the state by January 10. Italian ambassador Giacomo Sanfelice and consul general Giampaolo Cutillo submitted an undertaking that the marines would be produced before the court on January 15. Following this, the court released their passports. The court premises witnessed tense scenes when DYFI activists staged a black flag protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718223", "title": "Red velvet cake, the new Xmas dessert?", "text": "The popular dessert fits right with the red and white festive theme and tastes great tooFrom traditional English fruit and candied peel cakes, to X'mas tree and Santa-shaped ones made with marzipan and the brandy-soaked variety with nuts and spices, the Christmas cake has always been a tradition. But there's a new entrant contesting with the seasonal flavours \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the red velvet cake, that's becoming a rage in Mumbai called the Lady Gaga of cakes, will this end the long reign of the traditional X'mas cake?What it's aboutIt is quite mysterious, really. No one knows where the cake came from or why it has to be made red. One story goes that foods were rationed during the World War II, so bakers used boiled beets to enhance the colour of their cakes. In another, a man whose family owned red food colourings started the fad as a means to boost sales during the time of the Great Depression . Over the years, bakers now take it as one-upmanship when it comes to creating ruddiest of reds.Today, the cake comes in the form of little cupcakes, cheesecakes, truffles as well as cookies. The Red Velvet is also understood to be a hybrid \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a Red Devil's Food crossed with chocolate velvet. To explain the redness, the more cocoa in the cake, the more red food colouring replaces the brown. Thus, the red colour of the cake comes from food colouring. Most recipes for red velvet cake require cocoa ranging from a teaspoon to half a cup.Too much colouringSome people are appalled at the amount of food colouring involved in the red velvet cake. Says food expert Rushina Munshaw-Ghildiyal, \"Well, the cake is popular but I honestly can't understand what the fuss is all about. It's really about having too much colouring and I'm not in favour of using additives in food, especially when it comes to kids having something like this. Traditionally, red velvet cake was made with beetroot to give it that colouring, perhaps if it were made like that again, I would have it. Using beetroot as an ingredient would also lend a nice taste to this cake.\"A pretty pictureThe pros and cons apart, the crimson and white sight of the red velvet cake, makes it visually appealing. \"Well, with its red coloured icing contrasted by a snowy white cream cheese frosting, the dessert does seem to fit best into the colour scheme of the festive season. The taste apart, it makes the celebratory table look great,\" agrees Ghildiyal. For food blogger Kajal Tejsinghani, \"It's sort of represents the festival colour-wise and while it's definitely catching on in popularity, it can't really replace the traditional cake.\"The X'mas cake is rare, just done once a year and it entails a whole tradition of soaking candied oranges, plums and nuts in rum. It takes a month to prepare. On the other hand, the red velvet can be made anytime. However, the cake does lend itself to the X'mas theme \u00e2\u20ac\u201d you can do a Christmas green sugar craft leaves or marzipan holly to give it the look and taste.Our tip : Why not make one cake with some organic red food colouring and another with green food colouring to blend in with the festive theme!Recipe: Red Velvet cakeIngredientsAll-purpose flour: 2 1/2 cupsSugar: 2 cupsCocoa: 1tbspSalt: 1 tspBaking soda: 1 tspEggs: 2Oil: 1 \u00c2\u00bd cupsButtermilk: 1 cupVinegar: 1 tbspVanilla: 1 tspRed food colouring: 60 mlMethod- Preheat oven to 350\u00c2\u00b0C and grease and flour two eight-inch cake pans.- Whisk eggs in a bowl and add remaining liquid ingredients. Blend and keep aside.- Add the dry ingredients to another mixing bowl and whisk well.- Now, add the wet ingredients to the dry ones and mix on medium-high for a minute.- Pour this into cake pans and then gently pat the pans on the counter to release any air bubbles.- Bake for half an hour or until a small toothpick inserted comes out clean.- After ten minutes, remove from pans and cool completely. Now, make the frosting.Cream cheese frostingYou'll need : Cream cheese: 225 gms, at room temperatureButter: 1 cup (room temperature)Vanilla: 1 tsp; Sugar: 6 cupsMethod- Sift sugar and keep aside.- Beat together the cream cheese and butter until it is creamy. Add vanilla.- Add the sugar slowly and your frosting is ready.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718302", "title": "Don't want to be producer now: Rima Kallingal", "text": "Mollywood's lately seen a surge in the number of actors looking at production as a viable option. The list includes several top stars such as Mammootty , Kunchacko Boban and Indrajith.While none of the actresses are yet to take on the heavy mantle, we asked one of the leading ladies, Rima Kallingal, if she was game for such an endeavour.\"Right now, I am getting a lot of challenging roles. Probably when there's a dearth of good characters coming my way, I wouldn't producing a movie and casting myself in it,\" chuckles Rima, who has had a successful year in 2012 with films such as 22 Female Kottayam, Nidra and Husbands in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17715572", "title": "Finally, case against circle inspector", "text": "GUNTUR: With the high court's scathing remarks, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Friday booked a case against circle inspector R Dharmendra Babu.Dharmendra is presently working at Macherla rural circle. DGP V Dinesh Reddy had appointed Kandukur DSP Srikanth to probe allegations against Dharmendra.The police brass of the state was made respondents in a case pending against Dharmendra after high court judge Justice Ramesh Ranganathan gave just four days time to the top officials to file a reply when the case came up for hearing on Monday.With the judge setting Friday as the deadline for state to file a reply, DGP Dinesh Reddy, CID chief Krishna Prasad, ACB chief Prasada Rao and principal secretary (home) explained to the court that they had no intention to protect the CI.However, Justice Ranganathan had expressed his anger saying that the police brass could not pull wool over the court by taking half-hearted measures like registering a case and ordering a separate probe into the case.ACB DG Prasada Rao said that they would investigate the case without any bias as the charges against the CI were also confirmed by the DSP. CID chief Krishna Prasad said that they had no objection to take up the investigation if the court ordered.DGP Dinesh Reddy promised the court through an affidavit that the department would not tolerate any corrupt official and would take suitable action after the completion of investigation. The court posted the case to Monday for further hearing.According to information, one Muppalla Balakrishna of Nemalipuri village of Rajupalem mandal in the district filed a petition in the high court seeking action against Dharmendra about eight months ago.Responding to the court notices, the then SP A Ravichandra directed Sattenapalle DSP Puja to conduct an inquiry and submit a report. Based on the DSP's report, SP Ravichandra submitted a confidential report to the court confirming the corruption charges against Dharmendra.Subsequently, the SP pushed the ball into then IG Harish Kumar Gupta's court saying that taking disciplinary action against an inspector rank official was in the IG's domain. As the case was subjudice, the then IG kept Dharmendra in vacancy reserve for a few months and again posted him to the 'prime' circle.Dharmendra's was one of the 44 controversial transfers affected by Harish Gupta which ultimately led to the latter's transfer to a loopline job. Curiously, though DGP Dinesh Reddy cancelled all the 44 transfers, Dharmendra again got the same posting in the subsequent transfers showing his influence in the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718937", "title": "Ayushmann's on a roll", "text": "Looks like Ayushmann Khurrana is on a high these days. After the spat between the Vicky Donor actor and director Kunal Kohli where Ayushmann had allegedly walked out of the film, the actor has now bagged quite a few projects.Sources say that the actor will be seen in Rohit Sippy's next. And now we hear that he will also be seen in Bhushan Kumar's Nautanki Saala .Happy with the way film has shaped up and the music which is a combination of the eclectic with massy, producer Bhushan Kumar has decided to give his film an 8 week long promotional platform. The film has been finalised for April 12 next year.Nautanki The film will also see Kunaal Roy Kapur. Hope this time the Looks like Ayushmann is finally on a roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714888", "title": "Varun Gandhi writes to Gadkari opposing promotion quota bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after BJP MP Maneka Gandhi claimed that all party MPs from Uttar Pradesh were against the promotion quota bill, her son and Pilibhit MP Varun Gandhi wrote to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari opposing the legislation saying such a step would drive a wedge between sections of society.He urged the party leadership \"to work towards a consensus within BJP on opposing the bill\".The letter came a day after Gadkari met all 46 BJP MLAs from Uttar Pradesh including seven Scheduled Caste legislators. At the meeting which saw some heated exchanges, all the MLAs asked Gadkari to get the party line changed on the matter as BJP has voted in favour of the bill in Rajya Sabha.\"I humbly request you to work towards a consensus within the party with a view to opposing this bill and addressing the issues that make a large section of our people feel let down,\" Varun said in his letter on Friday.\"We have inherited a system in which one person in government can negatively affect the lives of many. Therefore, it is imperative that we not compromise on merit and seniority in government promotions,\" Varun added.\"The implications of this bill will be to drive a wedge between sections of society. It will create discontent which is already apparent in the striking of lakhs of government employees of Uttar Pradesh,\" he wrote, adding that employment opportunities for the youth would be adversely affected and governance would also suffer.Asked whether he expected the BJP leadership to consider opposing the bill, Varun told TOI, \"Yes, I am extremely hopeful because I have seen the party leadership reach out to all in the party ... the intention to engage with different views within the party in a meeting of UP MLAs and leaders. The leadership was sympathetic and said they would try to find a middle ground, keeping both the party's national political interest and the aspirations of the people of UP.\"While BJP had supported the bill in Rajya Sabha, it held back support in Lok Sabha on Thursday, arguing that the original text had undergone changes and more time was needed to study it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17712988", "title": "Daniel Chopra in charge on Day 1 of Shubhkamna Champions", "text": "NOIDA: \"It takes a few days to get into the Delhi rhythm,\" said Daniel Chopra, ruing the fact that he would be flying home to Orlando immediately after the event.However, it did not take long for the 38-year-old to slip into the groove in good friend Jeev Milkha Singh's invitational tournament. Chopra claimed the opening-day honours in the inaugural edition of the Rs 60-lakh Shubhkamna Champions Golf with an 8-under 64. Striking form of late, the Indo-Swede had finished sixth and fourth in Bangkok and Johor Bahru recently and the sunshine days continued on the Noida Golf Course greens.The leaderboard read like the who's who of Indian golf and holding fort strongly in tied second position, two strokes behind Chopra, was Ajeetesh Sandhu. Counting Jeev as one of his mentors, it was fitting that the Chandigarh youngster leaped into contention with a bogey-free 66. \"All my putts were within 12 feet so you might say that my overall game was good,\" he said.Labelled as the 'one to watch' in his junior days, the 24-year-old finally came good in November this year with a triumphant DLF Masters. A boost in confidence, surely? \"It was not that I was lacking in confidence before. I'm still playing the same shots,\" he said, with a hint of mischief in his smile.What really helped him, he admitted, were the opportunities he got on the Asian Tour. \"Watching the others, I have learnt how to manage myself better on and off the course.\"In-form Gaganjeet Bhullar was quick to agree that with more experience comes maturity. The Kapurthala golfer, who is currently World No. 89, is in fourth place with a five-under 67. \"This is probably my 34th or 35th event this year but I believe I gained mental maturity by playing more events. I have had stalwarts like KJ Choi, Ben Curtis, Ernie Els and Lee Westwood as my playing partners and you can only gain from this experience.\"At the end of the day which saw pros partnering three amateurs, the event host was a happy man. \"The real business is the next two days, but the scores were great today and the conditions excellent. I want to take it to next level, maybe the Asian Tour,\" said Jeev.His father Milkha SIngh also played the 'Pro-Am'. At 82, he finished 18 holes with ease and that was the icing on the cake for a proud Jeev.Leading Day 1 scores: 64 (8-under)- Daniel Chopra (Swe); 66-Ajeetesh Sandhu, Anura Rohana (SL); 67-Gaganjeet Bhullar; 68-Mukesh Kumar, Shiv Kapur, Jyoti Randhawa; 69-Anirban Lahiri, Jeev Milkha Singh , Abhijit Singh Chadha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17713058", "title": "Kashyap, Sindhu keep Indian hopes alive", "text": "LUCKNOW: PV Sindhu and P Kashyap came up with contrasting wins to keep the Indian flag flying by reaching the semifinals in the Syed Modi India Grand Prix Gold badminton tournament on Friday.Kashyap, seeded second, overcame a fighting Goh Soon Huat of Malaysia in 66 minutes while Sindhu kept her composure to get past Febby Angguni of Indonesia on a day when three other Indians - RMV Gurusaidutt, HS Pranoy and K Srikanth - fell to their foreign rivals. That was after Gurusaidutt and Pranoy had won the opening games against their higher-ranked opponents.Kashyap warmed up a chilly night with his remarkable comeback as Goh looked all set for an upset, dominating the second game and pocketing it at eight. Kashyap had won the first game 23-21. The Indian kept things in control in the decider and was level at 15-15 with the Malaysian at one point. Kashyap increased the tempo with some smart net play and smashes to inch ahead and sealed it with a cross-court return.Earlier, Sindhu didn't let the consecutive losses of three Indians affect her. She came up with some sizzling forehand cross-court shots to tame her opponent in 37 minutes, much to the relief of the home crowd. She looked in good rhythm and made her rival do all the chasing. Gurusaidutt was unlucky not to seal a win after rattling Tommy Sugiarto. The Indian had the better of the exchanges against the Indonesian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714469", "title": "Rs 1.5 lakh compensation to cold wave victim's kin", "text": "PATNA: This winter in the state, the headcount of people dying in the cold wave andor severe cold wave conditions would become a formal operation at the level of the state government machinery concerned, as the next kin of each \"poor and helpless person\" living in miserable situation dying due to cold will get a compensation of Rs 1.50 lakh.Disaster management department (DMD) officer on special duty (OSD) Vipin Kumar Rai said that the district administration concerned in the state would pay Rs 1 lakh from the state disaster response fund (SDRF) and Rs 50,000 from the CM Relief Fund (CMRF) to the next kin of the person concerned in case of death due to cold in the family. The information regarding deaths in any area would be collected from mukhiyas, panchayat sewaks and block karmacharis concerned in any block of the district.As a matter of fact, DMD has already sent a detailed directive in this regard to all the DMs, asking them to be alert about the headcount, so that the compensation is paid in time. The DMD directive has also pointed out that the target people would be the 'garib and nisahay (poor and helpless)', and also take extensive requisite steps, like organizing 'alao (fireplaces)', at strategically located points to protect people from cold wave conditions at all the district and block headquarters, as well as in all semi-urban areas.The state government's decision to take protective steps and pay compensation from SDRF and CMRF has been taken in the light of the decision of the Centre to include cold wavefrost in the category of natural disaster from this year as it damages standing crops, causes human deaths and leads to loss of cattle property on a large scale.The Centre, of course, has put certain temperature-related riders as to which area could be deemed as hit by cold wavefrost, befitting natural disaster. Accordingly, if the minimum temperature becomes less than 7 degree C in an area where the normal minimum temperature is generally 10 degree C or more than that, or if the minimum temperature becomes less than 5 degree C in an area where normal minimum temperature is less than 10 degree C, then that area would be deemed to have cold wave. Similarly, if the temperature dips to less than zero degree C and creates an adverse condition for standing kharifrabi crops, then that area would be considered as hit by frost.Given the backdrop, DMD directive to the DMs has asked them to use data regarding temperature available with the meteorologyweather department before taking any decision related to payment of compensation. Moreover, the crop damage compensation would be payable only if the crop damage in an area is 50% or more than that due to frost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17718752", "title": "Cauvery issue: Jayalalithaa mounts pressure on Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Stepping up pressure, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday asked the Centre to notify the final order of the Cauvery tribunal for ensuring release of water by Karnataka to save withering crops in the state during this distress year.\"...this year we have been made to run from pillar to post to get our due share of water from Karnataka but, in spite of our our efforts, Karnataka continues to utilise all the waters of the river Cauvery brazenly, as if it owns the river Cauvery, with scant regard to the plight of the lower riparian state,\" she said in her second letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in less than a week.The final order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal should be notified without any further delay and the Cauvery Management Board and the Cauvery Water Regulation Committee put in place so that the final order could be brought to force, she said.In her December 20 missive to Singh, she had requested him to expedite the Notification of the final order of the Tribunal and also to constitute the Cauvery Management Board forthwith \"to safeguard the livelihood of the farmers of Tamil Nadu\".Jayalalithaa said the storage position in Mettur Reservoir has reached a \"precarious\" position and a \"calamitous\" situation prevails in the Cauvery-fed districts.\"As on December 21, the storage in Mettur Reservoir is just 8.8 TMCft. The situation in the Cauvery fed districts has become grim affecting the livelihood and the survival of millions of farmers and agricultural labourers of Tamil Nadu,\" she said.While the Supreme Court had requested the additional solicitor general on December 5 to seek instructions as to when the final order would be notified, the Cauvery Monitoring Committee on December 7 had recorded it would be notified at the earliest but not later than the end of December, she said.When the tribunal pronounced the interim order on June 25, 1991, based on the advisory opinion rendered by the apex court in the presidential reference, the Centre notified the interim order on December 10, 1991 even when a clarificatory petition was pending before the Tribunal and a suit and SLP were pending before the apex court against the interim order, she said.\"On the same analogy, the Final Order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal should be notified immediately,\" the chief minister said.She hoped that the Prime Minister would consider the plight of the farmers and agricultural labours of Tamil Nadu and instruct the Water Resources Ministry to notify the final order forthwith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17719942", "title": "Sullia records highest temperature in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Sullia hobli in Sullia taluk in Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 36.3\u00c2\u00b0C on December 21 at 2.45pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 11.6\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Navalgund hobli of Navalgund taluk in Dharwad district on December 22 at 6.45am. Bommanahalli hobli in Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagara district recorded maximum rainfall of 1.5mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday.Maximum relative humidity of 99.9% is recorded in Madikeri hobli in M adikeri taluk in Kodagu district on December 22 from 5am to 7.45am. Minimum relative humidity of 19.4% is recorded in Shirahatti hobli in Shirahatti taluk of Gadag district on December 21 at 3.15pm. M ainly dry weather prevailed over the state in the above 24-hours. Rainfall was negligible in 30 districts and monsoon activity was weak in 30 districts.Very light rain was recorded in 10 districts and no rain in 20 districts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 22 recorded deficit rainfall of 22%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 188mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 22, the four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.1mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715518", "title": "Decide on PIL against Sandhu for holding 2 posts, HC tells Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday directed the Punjab government to decide on the representation submitted on October 30 by advocate H C Arora to the chief secretary, seeking initiation of proceedings for removing Dr Kulbir Singh Sandhu from the post of member, Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC), as he has not resigned from the post of director of extension education, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary Science University, Ludhiana.The division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri also directed the state government to take legal opinion, if necessary, from the Attorney General of India or the Advocate General, Punjab.The petitioner stated that Sandhu was appointed member of PPSC, Patiala, vide a notification of December 2, 2011, and was administered the oath of office 10 days later. However, he did not resign from service as the director of extension education, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary Science University, Ludhiana. Instead, he got extraordinary leave sanctioned without pay for six years.The PIL states that by continuing to be a university employee, Sandhu has violated the provisions of Article 317 (3) (b) of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17716516", "title": "Huma Khan sentenced to 3 years jail for torturing minor girl", "text": "Huma Khan, a 47-year-old actress who had appeared in a string of C grade films during the late 80s and early 90s, has been charged for kidnapping and criminal intimidation and sentenced to three years of rigorous imprisonment by Additional Sessions Court Judge AR Waghwate.Her brother Shammiuddin Moinuddin Shaikh, though booked, has been acquitted after he made the court believe that he was impotent. Medical reports , however, prove otherwise.Khan, a resident of Dahisar, was arrested for the illegal detention of her maid's daughter. The victim, Shanti Mansingh Vishwakarma, 16, had alleged she had been taken to Pune from June 2007 to February 2008 by the small time actress, and where her brother raped her three times.A complaint registered by the victim's mother Reshma Mansingh Vishwakarma at the Mira Road Police Station on February 25, 2008 declares: \"Khan and Shaikh had illegally kept the girl and burnt her with cigarettes. Sixty-six injury marks have been found on her body.\"Chief Public Prosecutor RJ Qadri said, \"She was arrested after the complaint on charges of rape, attempt to murder, kidnapping and criminal intimidation under Sections 307, 363, 376 read with 114 of the IPC. She was in Kalyan Jail but left on bail later.\"Shanti often used to accompany her mother when she used to work for Khan in the Rashmi Tanna Building in Mira Road. After her film career failed to take off, Khan shifted to Pune to stay near her brother. She took her maid Reshma's daughter with her saying she will treat Shanti as her own daughter and manage all her expenses.Hemlata Deshmukh, Additional Public Prosecutor said: \"We are not satisfied with the judgement that has been met out to Shammiuddin Shaikh. We will appeal to higher court.\"Shanti, after a year of surviving the torture, managed to reach her mother and told her plight. Her mother then took her to the police and doctors who said that the wounds indicate that she had been beaten up and singed with cigarettes on almost all parts of her body, including her tongue.- Mustafa Shaikh and Ram Parmar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17718679", "title": "Gang rape victim showing composure, health is better: doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 23-year-old girl, who was raped and brutally assaulted in a moving bus here last Sunday night, is \"responding to treatment\" and is \"psychologically composed and optimistic about her future\", doctors treating her at Safdarjung hospital said on Saturday.\"All her parameters are optimum except the levels of her total leukocyte, bilirubin and platelet counts. She is better compared to yesterday. She is communicating, more alert and more active from yesterday,\" Dr Verma, one of the doctors treating the girl, said in a press statement.\"She is psychologically totally composed and balanced. She is very brave and optimistic about having a good future. There is showing no signs of sadness or grief,\" Dr Kuldeep and Dr Abhilasha Yadav of the psychiatric department of the hospital, said.The doctors said \"she has been given sips of water and apple juice since morning\".\"She has also been administered four units of platelet rich plasma,\" the doctors said.The plasma was administered in order to raise the levels of her platelet count which this morning was at 20,000 micro litre (mcL) of blood the doctors said.Platelets are the tiny blood cells that help stop bleeding and its levels in a normal healthy woman is around 266,000 mcL.The doctors said that due to the low platelet count there are chances of infection and in order to tackle that they are administering her antibiotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713122", "title": "Price hike takes sizzle out of sabha canteens", "text": "CHENNAI: The sizzle of the batter on the hot tava, the clank of the tumblers, the holler of the waiters and the murmur of the swelling crowd \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the tenor at the canteens may not be as cadenced as the beats inside the sabhas, but Margazhi is as much about indulging in traditional gastronomic delights as much as listening to ragas and buying silk sarees.However, with a hike in prices and some noon 'sappadus' being called off, sabha canteens seem to be a little bland this season.After last year's fiasco, where on more than one occasion senior musicians were left circling the parking lot because of the canteen crowds, Narada Gana Sabha has decided to call off the noon 'full meals' at their canteen.\"We are opening our canteen only from 2pm this year,\" says a staffer at Narada Gana Sabha. \"Last year, we found that people who were only interested in the food were filling up the parking spaces. Rasikas and artists had to go all over the neighbouring streets to find parking,\" he says.But M Anand, manager of Gnanambiga Caterers, which has been catering for Narada Gana Sabha for the last 21 years, is doing his bit to cater to a diverse crowd.\"We have added dishes like paneer tikka and sabzi to woo the north Indian crowd,\" he says.At Brama Gana Sabha too, the menu has been restricted to a few staples to prevent the crowds from coming there merely to eat. \"We do not publicise our canteen and we encourage rasikas to come in,\" says S Ravichander, secretary.Meanwhile, rasikas rue that the prices at most canteens have shot up by at least 10% this season.\"You go to a sabha canteen to eat till your stomach is content at dirt cheap price. That feeling is diminishing with the canteens hiking their prices every season,\" says Rathna Sagar, a regular rasika.Caterers say the rate hike is due to the rise in prices of essential commodities. At Music Academy, the prices of dishes have gone by 5, says S Mani, who runs the canteen.\"Fuel and vegetable prices have gone up and we have to prize our food accordingly,\" says M Sivaraman of Choodamani Catering Service, which caters for the Brahma Gana Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713969", "title": "Forensic Science Laboratory's tardy work hurts rape probes", "text": "NEW DELHI: While forensic experts claim that it takes a maximum of four days to match specimens of a rape victim with that an accused, reality however, seems different.According to city investigators, FSL ( Forensic Science Laboratory) report in rape cases, unless fast-tracked and followed up by top officials, takes at least 60 to 75 days to reach them. The reason is a huge backlog and scarcity of trained staff at the FSL in Rohini.Though the situation has improved marginally in the past two years, cases are still being witnessed where IOs have submitted chargesheets in courts and informed them that the forensic reports are awaited.\"Just after the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, B K Gupta, then Delhi police commissioner had announced that important cases would be fast-tracked to chargesheet the accused within two months, rather than the usual three weeks. Later, his successor and present commissioner Neeraj Kumar also put women safety on top of his agenda. But with just one FSL in the capital and a handful of experts, it has become difficult to investigate and finish formalities,'' said an officer from the west district.Last Friday, even the High Court had expressed dissatisfaction over the functioning of FSL. In FSL investigations, samples of blood, semen and the swab through slides, are collected. And when an accused is arrested, his samples are matched with the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714832", "title": "Test hopeful Rohit Sharma struggling to find T20 slot", "text": "MUMBAI: Right now, Rohit Sharma represents the tragedy called Indian cricket. Even as the stalwarts of a team that once ruled the world are bidding good bye, or struggling in the twilight of their careers, one of the most talented batsman is yet to make his Test debut.What's more, the 25-year-old had to face the ignominy of being dropped from the T20 side too, against England at Pune on Thursday. It must have come as a rude shock to his fans and well-wishers.\"I was returning from a coaching assignment when someone told me the score is 55 for two. I asked how much was Rohit batting on. I was stunned when told he had been excluded. He is in such wonderful form at the moment,\" Dinesh Lad, Rohit's coach from his formative years, told TOI on Friday.In a season where batsmen have dominated, Rohit has stood tall, stroking 712 runs in six games @ 71.20, rustling up three hundreds and two fifties, even leading Mumbai for the first time in a couple of games. Hence, it was no surprise that the Mumbai team management was keen on Rohit playing the Ranji Trophy game against MP at Indore if he doesn't make the XI at Wankhede too.At a time when he is harbouring ambitions of a Test debut, losing his place in the T20 side surely must have come as a setback for the youngster. Rohit, it seems, was kept out at the expense of including Ravindra Jadeja or Piyush Chawla. While Jadeja deserves a spot thanks to his superb form in the Ranji Trophy with both bat and ball, Chawla has bowled poorly and the logic of including him and dropping a match-winning batsman like Rohit, seems faulty.On Saturday, while another local boy, Ajinkya Rahane, will enjoy being part of the first-ever T20 international at the Wankhede Stadium, Rohit will feel disheartened if he sits in the dug out again in front of his 'home crowd'. The youngster has played plenty of cricket at the Wankhede, for the Mumbai Ranji team and the Mumbai Indians in the IPL. In fact, back in April 2007, Rohit became the first Indian batsman to score a ton in T20 cricket, when he smashed an unbeaten 101 off 45 balls against Gujarat at the Brabourne Stadium in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.To some extent, though, Rohit is himself to blame for courting misfortune. The middle-order batsman, despite playing 85 ODIs has scored just two hundreds. He has five fifties in 32 T20Is. Inconsistency has been his middle name. In Sri Lanka, earlier this year, just as a busy home season beckoned, promising a Test debut for Rohit, he blew it all up. He managed just 13 runs in five ODIs and out went his chances of breaking into the Test squad. He was included in the World T20 side, but apart from cracking a match-wining, unbeaten 55 against England, he did little else to justify his inclusion.Other factors too have had their effect in stalling Rohit's progress. Earlier this year, skipper MS Dhoni had put unnecessary pressure on Rohit during the tri-series in Australia by saying that the much-criticised 'rotation policy' which resulted in excluding the seniors, had been implemented to keep someone like him in the team. A couple of years back, on the morning of what would have been his first Test against South Africa at Nagpur, Rohit broke his ankle while playing 'rocketball' with his teammates. What's more, he suffered a broken finger in the first ODI in England last year that sent him home.Be that as it may, there is a growing opinion that Rohit is now ready for Tests. \"It is high time that he is blooded in Tests before it's too late,\" opines former India skipper Dilip Vengsarkar. Ex-India opener Lalchand Rajput isn't much concerned with Rohit's ouster from the T20 side. \"I hope he maintains the consistency he is showing in domestic cricket this season and books a Test berth for himself,\" he says. \"He has already proved his mettle in the shorter version of the game. He now must keep his focus on scoring big in domestic cricket.If Parvinder Awana and Ravindra Jadeja can make it to the Indian team on the basis of their Ranji performances, Rohit too can break into the Test side by doing well for Mumbai,\" says Amre. \"I have a feeling that he would play his first Test very soon,\" says Lad.For now, Rohit somehow needs to come back into the T20 side. He is too good a batsman to be left cheering the team from the sidelines!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17714945", "title": "Lexicon picks 'Gangnam Style' as word of the year", "text": "LONDON: After becoming the most-watched video ever on Youtube , Korean singer Psy's pop sensation \"Gangnam Style\" has now booked a place in popular culture with recognition from a renowned British dictionary. \"Gangnam Style\" has been named among the Collins dictionary's words of the year along with \"mummy porn\", \"fiscal cliff\" and \"Romneyshambles\".Psy's song was the dictionary's word for November - when his horse dance video became YouTube's most popular clip, Mirror News said.\"Mummy porn\" became April's word of the year as the erotic novel \"Fifty Shades of Grey\" was published during that month and became an instant bestseller.Defeated US presidential candidate Mitt Romney made in it July after critics branded his visit to London a \"Romneyshambles\".\"Jubilympics\" was June's word, while \"Games Makers\" was August's due to the volunteers who made the Olympic event in UK a success.Each word was submitted by the public to the on-line dictionary at www.collinsdictionary.com/submission.But, publishers said not all 12 words had the staying power to make it to the print edition. \"We are astounded by how quickly new trends form. Choosing one word for 2012 didn't match the pace of change,\" Ian Brookes, consulting editor at Collins, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17719940", "title": "27-year-old end his life", "text": "INDORE: A man who was supposed to enter into a wedlock in a month reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself in MIG area. A suicide note has also been found at the spot but police are still to get the note.The deceased was identified as Shailesh Pal, 27, son of Shankarlal Pal. He was a resident of Babu Jagjivan Nagar. He was the employee of a private firm. In the morning, his family members noticed him hanging from the ceiling. He was rushed to MY Hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.As per his family members, his marriage was scheduled to take place on January 28. He was quite happy with his marriage, said family members adding that he was participating in the preparation with full of zeal. Motive behind taking this extreme step is still not clear. Police said that family members are shocked due to the incident and are unable to talk. However, police will soon talk to them and try to get the reason of taking extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714063", "title": "Manish Tewari wants text-heavy government advertisements", "text": "NEW DELHI: A picture speaks a thousand words but not for the government. As part of the larger move to improve government communication to the public, information and broadcasting (I&B;) minister Manish Tewari has suggested a change in strategy from the staid pictorial advertisements to advertisements that are embellished with text about the ministries' achievements and success stories.Significantly, the plan comes at a time when the Congress has gone into poll mode and is reviewing its communication strategy for the 2014 general elections.It is learnt that in a communication to several key ministries, Tewari suggested that the pictorial advertisements were unable to convey policies, programmes and the work done by a particular ministry. He instead suggested that it would be more appropriate to have a predominantly text advertisement with concise pictures, highlighting success stories and achievements of the ministry.The ministry is also keen that the change be reflected in the next important national occasion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d January 26. \"It was felt after meetings and interactions that there should be 300-500 words of written text focusing on core performance and success stories of the ministry,\" a source said.UPA-2 has been in a combative mood since the Cabinet reshuffle in August. It has had to battle the perception that it has not done enough to address charges of corruption.Incidentally, the ministry spent over Rs 1,768 crore in the last three years in audio-visual publicity through the Directorate of Audio-Visual Publicity ( DAVP). The maximum spending has been on newspaper advertisements with Rs 375.31 crore during 2011-2012 while in this year the spending has been about Rs 99 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714874", "title": "Chief minister unhappy with Vidarbha issues taking back seat", "text": "NAGPUR: Admitting that Vidarbha's issues were not discussed in detail in this year's winter session that concluded on Friday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stated he was not satisfied with the outcome. \"This time, it was not possible for us to debate many issues plaguing the region despite trying our best, due to adjournment for four days following opposition protests. Still, many issues like Mihan, Gorewada, NIMZ, and wildlife were debated,\" he told the media.He said 13 bills came up for discussion of which nine were cleared, including Maharashtra Self-Finance School bill, one was pending while the private universities bill was withdrawn. He also stated they had tabled a white paper on irrigation before the session and also constituted SIT under water expert Madhav Chitale as per opposition's demand. \"SIT's terms of reference and composition of its members will be declared before December 31,\" he said adding he would have a daylong debate on irrigation in the next session in Mumbai beginning March 18 next year. He, however, said a good debate took place on drought.The CM also informed he would be holding a meeting of all ministers and opposition members in Mumbai on releasing dam waters and also balancing it where it was in scarcity.Chavan informed that this session was historic one in all senses considering the fact that it coincided with centenary year of laying of foundation stone of legislature building in Nagpur along with golden jubilee of state legislature. He stated the government may convene a special session in Nagpur in February to celebrate the occasion.Chavan clarified that every family would get up to nine cylinders as per centre's recommendations and they will get those for Rs 370. However, if family was using six cylinders in a year up to last year, they would not be getting seventh at subsidized rates. On Mihan, he said, it was picking up pace as Boeing MRO was scheduled to commence in April. \"Even companies like Infosys , TCS and Mahindra Satyam will be starting their work and would employ about 14,000 persons,\" he said adding that government would be organizing 'Advantage Vidarbha' in February for promoting investment in the region where global automobile giants would also be invited. He said the new industrial policy was in offing and but framing of SEZ exit policy was taking time.To a query on sorry state of affairs in all ashramshalas where many children died due to negligence, he said he had already instituted an enquiry. The CM ruled out any extension of the session stating they were able to complete most of the work. He also added that to curb increasing crimes against women , government would ask Centre to make laws stricter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718857", "title": "BJP comes empty handed in Radadia fiefdom", "text": "RAJKOT: If the rampaging BJP has found it difficult to breach one fortress in Saurashtra where it had won 30 of the 48 seats in the 2012 assembly elections, then it is the bastion of farmer leader and five-time MLA Vitthal Radadia.Radadia, a Leuva Patel leader, is a Congress MP from Porbandar and has remained undefeated since 1990 irrespective of the party he was contesting from.Congress had fielded him from Dhoraji assembly constituency against BJP's Kadva Patel leader Haribhai Patel, a former BJP MP from Porbandar.After delimitation, BJP had sensed chance of a victory in Dhoraji as Upleta, a Kadva Patel, stronghold, had been merged with Dhoraji, but Radadiya still managed to win.\"There is no wave in Dhoraji. It is a victory of farmers,\" Radadia told media persons. His elder son Jayesh Radadia had also won from Jetpur constituency. He defeated BJP's Jasumati Korat.Jayesh was elected MLA in the by-elections held in 2009 after his father won the Lok Sabha elections and vacated the Dhoraji seat. tnnRadadiya is chairman of Rajkot District Co-operative Bank. Since 1990, he has changed three parties. While in BJP, he had supported Shankarsinh Vaghela to topple chief minister Keshubhai Patel . He then joined All India Rashtriya Janata Party of Vaghela, which later merged with Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715514", "title": "CM rejects fund misuse charge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal made an attempt to counter the charges leveled against him by leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar that the former had diverted funds to his own constituency just before elections and the money did not reach the beneficiaries but was used to influence the vote bank, saying that his area deserved more funds.Rebutting the allegations leveled by Jakhar, the CM said all the allegations are \"baseless\". Justifying the rationale behind the grant of Rs 41.59 crore for Muktsar district for construction and repair of houses of SCs and other poor people, the chief minister said the steps were taken on top priority as part of anti-water logging measures. Badal said water logged area resulted in low crop production coupled with poor economic condition of people in the region besides continuous damage to houses.Highlighting the plight of waterlogged areas in the state, the chief minister pointed out that nearly 1.50 lakh acre land in the state is affected by water-logging, of which 1.37 lakh acre was in Muktsar district. In Lambi constituency alone, 52000 acre land was affected by the problem.\"Our main concern was that the funds were misused and did not reach the beneficiaries. The houses of affected people are still broken and unsafe. Where was the money used is what we want to know,\" Jakhar asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713371", "title": "Lecturers can't be compelled to acquire more degrees: Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: College lecturers can't be compelled to acquire additional qualifications than what were prescribed at the time of their appointment, the Kerala high court has ruled.The order by Justice B P Ray came on a petition by Jose Joseph, a lecturer at Markaz Training College at Karthala in Malappuram. Jose had, in his petition, challenged an order from the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) making it mandatory for lecturers to acquire qualifications as may be prescribed by the University Grants Commission (UGC) from time to time.Advocate S M Prem, who appeared for the petitioner, argued that Jose who holds a master's degree and MEd was appointed as lecturer at the BEd training college following the NCTE norms that were in existence at the time of appointment.Being fully qualified as per the NCTE norms prevailing at the time of appointment, Jose was appointed after selection by a properly constituted selection committee, the counsel contended.It was also pointed out that the high court had earlier allowed Jose to continue in his post without obtaining any additional qualifications through an interim order.Citing a decision of the Supreme Court in Madhavrao Dadwa vs Union of India case of 1998, the court ruled that the lecturer cannot be asked to acquire additional qualification than what was prescribed at the time of appointment.\"In view of the findings of the apex court, I have no hesitation to hold that the petitioner who was appointed prior to the impugned order (by NCTE) cannot be compelled to acquire further qualification to continue in his respective job and the order cannot have any retrospective effect and hence cannot affect the petitioner who was already in service and who was fully qualified as per the norms prevailing at the time of his appointment,\" the judge said in his order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714674", "title": "Govt fails to announce package on drought", "text": "NAGPUR: Dealing a severe blow to the aspirations of thousands of Vidarbha and Marathwada farmers, who were hoping to get a package from the state to tide over drought, the Democratic front government has failed to grant even a penny to them on the last day of the assembly session.Replying to a marathon debate initiated by opposition leader Vinod Tawde in the council, agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil failed to announce any financial measures to tackle drought, even though he declared some long-term measures. Interestingly, he agreed to most of the points raised by the members while passing the buck onto agriculture universities for their failure to conduct viable crop research. He also blamed the Unites States-based multinational company Monsanto for introducing BT cotton which he termed was the reason behind the current plight of the farmers.\"Even the Central Institute of Cotton Research (CICR) based in Nagpur is not doing any substantial research to help the farmers. Other agriculture universities are not ready to go beyond their four walls. Actual ground level research is not happening. I questioned them about their contribution to the region in all these years,\" he said.The minister said that the farmers shouldn't depend on single-crop. He said that the collapse of distribution system through agriculture market produce committees has added to their woes. \"Farmers selling polished rice as good as Basmati fail to get buyers even for Rs1,800 per quintal whereas it is being sold for Rs3,200 per quintal at places like Pune,\" he said, citing an example. He also acknowledged the poor state of orange processing units in Vidarbha when it was pointed out by the members.Vikhe-Patil, however, announced a slew of measures to tackle drought. He said that the government has asked agriculture universities to adopt 350 villages in their clusters and develop some of them into model ones. \"We're also promoting micro irrigation and drip-irrigation schemes. Even the amount under crop insurance scheme has been hiked from Rs27 crore to Rs52 crore,\" he said.On Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe's allegation that the government is not providing help to farm widows, the minister stated that the government is trying to rehabilitate them. \"However, some officers through their vested interests are creating hurdles. We have decided to deal strictly with them and have issued notices to 450 of them. About 70 officials have also been suspended. Such people disgrace our honest efforts,\" he said.On Pandurang Phundkar's claims that the government has failed to follow up the bill against moneylenders, he said that they were keeping a track, and once implemented, it will help in reducing the number of suicides.Tawde, however, blasted Vikhe-Patil for government's failure to provide relief to the farmers of drought-hit regions stating that its rigid approach should be condemned by all means. \"Nobody is serious about Vidarbha's problems as treasury benches are empty, except for the ministers,\" he said.Earlier, the members including Diwakar Raote, Shobhatai Fadnavis and others launched a scathing attack on the government blaming it for spate in farmers' suicides in the region. They stated that over 8,000 of them had resorted to extreme step as they failed to repay the loans due to crop failure and drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714061", "title": "Mount Abu freezes at 1 degree, further dip likely", "text": "JAIPUR: With minimum temperatures hovering below normal, cold conditions continued to persist in Rajasthan on Monday. Mount Abu was the coldest place in the hills recording a minimum temperature of 1.0 degree Celsius and Churu in plains remained coldest at 2.9 degrees, said Met on Friday.Met added the ongoing spell of chill will continue for the next couple of days when icy winds are expected to lash the state.Tourists in Mount Abu preferred to stay in their hotels. The travel agents affirmed that shivering cold conditions in the past two days have affected their business badly.Jaipur was also chilly recording a low of 6.8 degrees Celsius, down a notch. No fog or mist was reported. Day-time temperatures were around 25.0 degrees Celsius. Cold wave swept the city throughout the day. The Met has forecasted a further dip in city temperatures in the next couple of days.Mount Abu and Churu were followed by Sriganganagar that witnessed a minimum temperature of 4.8 degrees Celsius, Pilani and Udaipur 5.3 each, Bikaner and Kota 7.6 each, Ajmer 8.2, Jaisalmer 8.7, Jodhpur 9.4 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 10.6 degrees Celsius.The Met has forecasted a dip in the mercury for the state in the next 24 hours, especially in the western and eastern districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17719736", "title": "PM directs Shinde to ensure sense of security in Delhi after rape incident", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday directed home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to ensure sense of security in Delhi and see that incidents like last Sunday's gang rape do not recur.The directive came when Shinde called Singh to brief him on the situation in the aftermath of the gang-rape incident, sources said.Shinde told the Prime Minister that he was personally monitoring the situation.Sources said the Prime Minister told Shinde that he should ensure a sense of security in the capital, whose law and order is the direct responsibility of the home minister.Singh asked Shinde to take all measures to see that there is no recurrence of the incidents like the recent gang rape of 23-year-old girl who was also brutally assaulted by the six accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714622", "title": "CAG lays bare Nagpur Municipal Corporation's cultural funds scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-led ruling party in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), which is yet to get a clean chit in the sports material scam, has been hit again with the cultural funds scam. The Comptroller and Auditor General of India's (CAG) report on local bodies reveals that funds of Rs1.99 crore were distributed among 25 organizations in violation of the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act.The CAG's report on local bodies for the year ending March 31, 2011 was tabled in the state legislature on Friday. \"A scrutiny of NMC's records revealed that the civic body spent Rs1.99 crore on account of contributions to voluntary organizations for organizing exhibitions, sports and cultural events in 2008-09 and 2009-10. The payment was in violation of provisions in the CNC Act and therefore was irregular,\" the CAG observed under the audit of transactions.\"The matter was referred to the state government in October 2010. A reply has not been received till May this year,\" the CAG said.In the run-up to the municipal elections earlier this year, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre raised questions on these expenditures after collecting information under Right to Information (RTI) Act. But the Congress did not pursue the case after the elections.Reacting to CAG's report, Thakre demanded that the government take strict action and dissolve the existing body at the NMC. \"The BJP cannot hide the facts now,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke told TOI that the entire expense was done in the larger interests of the public. \"The government made provisions of Rs25,000 per year in 1948 and never increased the amount. We distributed the amount for good projects like IT fair, Janata Raja programme, October 2 rally, book fair etc. Besides, the funds were approved with the signatures of the civic chief who is the representative of the government. We had done nothing wrong,\" he said.According to the CAG's report, the CNC Act allows the NMC to make contribution towards entertainment and cultural events. The total expenditure on account of contributions towards the cultural activities during a financial year should not exceed Rs25,000. But the NMC contributed excess amount of Rs1.53 crore in 2008-09 and Rs45.75 lakh in 2009-10 on 25 instances.The CAG said the NMC, which accepted the facts in June 2011, stated that the financial assistance was made to the organizations following an approval by the general body. \"However, neither relevant provisions in the Act nor order of the state government permitted any such expenditure exceeding the ceiling of Rs25,000 per year,\" it said.The CAG added that the NMC's sports and cultural officer in reply stated that the chief accounts and finance officer did not raise any objections while making payment to the different cultural organizations. \"Reply was indicative of the weak internal control mechanism of the NMC and thus the payment of Rs1.99 crore was in violation of the CNC Act and irregular,\" the CAG observed.Besides, the CAG also highlighted a big irregularity committed by the NMC's water works department. According to the report, the department has to charge Rs600 per house in case of cement-concrete and Rs500 per house for non-cement concrete for new water connection. But the department provided connection to 5,057 houses including 2,086 cement concrete and 2,971 non-cement concrete between April 2009 and October 2010 in Dharampeth zone without collecting any charges. This resulted in the NMC incurring a loss Rs27.37 lakh.Caught on wrong foot* As per rules, NMC can give only Rs 25,000 per year for cultural events* It made contributions of Rs 1.53 crore more than the ceiling in 2008-09* In 2009-10, the excess amount was Rs 45.75 lakh* Chief accounts and finance officer also under scanner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17718108", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Teargas, water cannons used against protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police fired teargas shells and used water cannons as several hundreds of young students on Saturday marched towards Rashtrapati Bhavan for the second day demanding justice for the 23-year-old gang rape victim.A boy and a girl and a traffic policeman were injured as the police directed water jets and opened a volley of teargas shells that pushed them back a little even as some of the protesters braved the chill and waterbottles and shoes at the policemen.Window panes of a police van were smashed. One of the girls broke the glass window of a bus with her hands.The police action came as 'negotiations' failed at the Raisina Hill leading to Rashtrapati Bhawan and the protesters, comprising largely young women and men, tried to breach the barricades to push towards the Rashtrapati Bhawan.The protest spot resembled a battle zone with empty shells and wet roads. The area has been cordoned off and police reinforcements have been rushed to the Hill that divides the North and South Block, which houses the Prime Minister's Office.Girl protesters alleged that policemen hit them with lathis and declared they will launch a sit-in in the area. Protesters refused to disperse from the place.As protests continued for the sixth day, former Army Chief V K Singh joined the demonstrators the at India Gate blaming \"systemic collapse\" for brutal rape of a young girl last Sunday in a moving bus.An injured girl has been rushed to hospital. The youths gathered at India Gate from early in the morning and marched through Rajpath towards Raisina Hill.The young protesters broke security cordons erected on Rajpath and managed to reach near Raisina Hill where they were stopped.On Friday too, the capital also several protests including the one in front of Rashtrapati Bhawan.The former army chief said \"You see this problem is because of systemic failure of governance. Police reforms have been lying in cold storage for the last so many years. Why haven't they done anything about it? Why do we have to hear such things from a police commissioner saying that he doesn't have man-power? It is shameful.\"Why do you have to see the spectacle on television where ministry of home officials have to go out on the streets checking things? Isn't there a failure? This needs to be addressed. This failure comes because of political and bureaucratic apathy in this country,\" the former Army chief said.Water cannon was again used by police on the protesters a little after noon. Policemen fired 10 rounds of teargas shells at the protesters who had reassembled after the first round of teargas shelling and water cannons.Protesters refused to budge from the high-security area at Raisina Hill and clashed with the policemen and RAF personnel.Ten students were injured and another police van was damaged in the fresh round of clashes.Meanwhile, minister of state for home affairs RPN Singh appealed to the protesters not to resort to violence.\"We have assured on the floor of House and every platform possible that strictest action will be taken against the accused. Police has been asked to show restraint but I want to tell boys and girls that breaking barriers won't help (to solve the issue),\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718217", "title": "Watching myself have fake sex is ridiculous: K-Stew", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that she was more intimidated by her dancing scenes with Kirsten Dunst's real-life boyfriend Garrett Hedlund than their sex scenes in her upcoming film 'On the Road.'Stewart stars as the promiscuous Marylou, the 16-year-old wife of Dean Moriarty (Hedlund) in the Walter Salles adaptation of Jack Kerouac's classic beat generation novel.\"The dancing scene was so much more terrifying than any of the sex scenes were for me. I was so scared of it,\" Us magazine quoted her as telling website IndieWire.\"We crammed, I think, 60 extras into a tiny little room.\"Literally, I could feel the floor vibrating. It was so f-king cool. But I was terrified,\" she said.When asked what it's like watching herself have sex on screen, she said, \"Well, I wasn't really having sex.\"\"To be honest, I think if you were to isolate the scenes, it's fairly ridiculous watching yourself fake have sex,\" she said.\"But within the movie, watching the movie, I do get so caught up in this one. I've seen it three times, and that's not typical for me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715258", "title": "Poor infra leaves UP sports in tatters", "text": "LUCKNOW: The neglect and poor upkeep of state-owned stadiums in Uttar Pradesh is causing hardships to organisers of sports events. It's not only the Green Park stadium which is giving Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association heartbreak and bringing shame to the state, but also the neglected Dhyan Chand hockey stadium on the Sports College premises, is giving headache to the organisers of the Hockey India League as they cannot hold matches under floodlights. Name any stadium in the state, be it Babu stadium in Lucknow or Mayo Hall in Allahabad or the Sigra stadium in Varanasi, none of these venues has been renovated or modernized.The Green Park cricket stadium, which is owned by the state government, is undergoing renovation at a slow pace so much so thatfollowing a public interest litigation (PIL), the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has intervened to hasten it up. However, even that may not be good enough to convince the Australians to play a Test match scheduled in March next year.The pace of development of sports infrastructure in the state has not kept up with the demands of modern day game, be it cricket, hockey or any other sport. Thus the state is in no position, barring badminton which is being played in a privately owned stadium, to host any international event here. The five-decade-old Babu stadium is in such a neglected condition that it cannot even host national events, leave alone any international meets.The Uttar Pradesh Olympic Association's effort to organise National Games is a big joke. The state does not have even basic infrastructure for training, so what to think of a mega-event like National Games. Nobody is taking UPOA's effort seriously. Though, they cannot directly be blamed as the state government has done little to build modern infrastructure or improve the existing ones. So, even the talk of attempting to bid for the National Games would be foolhardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "barcem", "code": "17715408", "title": "Mother, two daughters found dead in Barcem well", "text": "BARCEM: The bodies of a young mother and her two children found floating in a well shook up the quiet village of Barcem, Quepem, on Friday morning.The alarm was raised by a youth who saw two children floating in a well in Shellim, Barcem. Villagers, who assembled around the well, identified the children as Dipisha, 5, and Bindiya, 2, children of Dinesh Velip, 30. The victims' mother, Divya, 26, was also missing.Canacona zilla panchayat member Kushali Velip informed Cuncolim police of the tragedy around 7.50am. The police first sent a constable to the site for confirmation and later informed the fire station in Canacona. When the bodies were retrieved, the mother's body was also fished out from the well.The well, about 3 m deep is located about 500 m from the house in a rather isolated area that has just two houses.The bodies were sent to Hospicio hospital, Margao for postmortem. The autopsy report confirmed death due to drowning, Cuncolim PI Raju Rautdesai said. The final rites will be performed on Saturday.Police suspecting foul play questioned Dinesh who had left for work on Friday morning. Dinesh was in a state of shock after the tragedy.Quepem sub-divisional magistrate Sandhya Kamat will inquire into Divya's death, as is required under the law, it having occurred within seven years of marriage.Kamat, who spoke to Dinesh, said after returning home from work on Thursday night, Dinesh thought his wife and daughters had gone to her parent's house in Shellim, about 2 km away, to spend the night, and so did not ascertain Divya's whereabouts. On Friday morning, he had left for work as usual.Kamat also recorded the statements of some local women, who said Divya was a quiet person and never revealed much. Kamat is also investigating the harassment angle, as there was some speculation that Divya may have committed suicide due to domestic problems.A shepherd, grazing his cattle in the area, said he had seen Divya watering her vegetable field on Thursday evening. Most of the families in the area are involved in agricultural activities.Divya's mother-in-law Lakshavati and her daughter were in a state of shock on Friday afternoon. Both wept bitterly over the loss of their family members.Police handed over the body to Dinesh in the evening after postmortem. They inquired with Divya's brother, who consented that the bodies be handed over to Dinesh.PSI Sachin Panelkar of Cuncolim police station is investigating under the supervision of PI Raju Rautdesai. Kamat said she will resume the probe on Monday, after receiving the postmortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712914", "title": "A bird watching exercise this Sunday", "text": "COIMBATORE: G Manojkumar a post graduate student at the PSG College of Arts and Science took an interest in bird watching when he was in class 6. An active bird watcher, he had identified some new goose bird species in Kovai in the last few years. He developed an interest in bird watching, thanks to his nature clubs. The Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON) is organising a 'bird race' in the city on this coming Sunday, specifically for bird enthusiasts.Senior scientist P Pramod said that teams of 4-5 people in different city locations, including the suburbs, will watch birds from 6am to evening. They will take notes and photographs of the species they see. \"It will be an event to learn and have fun. When a similar event was conducted around two years ago, around eight new bird species were found,\" he said.The bird watchers should take notes of the various bird varieties which they come across. Teams will have a combination of experts and novices. Joseph Reginald who was a participant in some of the earlier bird watching programmes says that such events provide an interesting experience to the participants.\"We move around in two-wheelers and four-wheelers with binoculars and guides to cross check the birds we see,\" he says. Wherever possible they will take photographs and also note down the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715280", "title": "Civic activists tell Pune Municipal Corporation to curb wastage of water", "text": "PUNE: Civic activists have urged the Pune Municipal Corporation to initiate steps to prevent wastage of water and take action against illegal water connections.Up to March this year, the city was receiving 1,000 MLD water from reservoirs. After monsoon, the city has been lifting about 1,100 MLD water. This means that the 20% water cut has been reduced to 10%. With the increase in water quota, the PMC has been providing sufficient water to all areas once a day, but it cannot resume twice-a-day supply as the state irrigation department has not allowed lifting of 14.5 TMC water per year.Maj Gen (retd) S C N Jatar of Nagrik Chetna Manch, in a letter to the PMC, has said the PMC has no mechanism to check the quantity of water it receives from the irrigation department. \"Also, leakages in supply pipes are not repaired. The PMC has not been releasing treated water in the canal. Moreover, the sewage treatment projects are still incomplete,\" said Jatar. The civic body needs to act against illegal water connections, he added.Almost 40% of Pune's drinking water is lost due to leakages, pilferage and wastage through uncontrolled stand posts, a study on the city's sustainable drinking water supply has found. The study, conducted recently by researchers at Mumbai-based S K Somaiya College, suggested that there should be a proper drinking water supply management system to resolve the issue of unequal distribution of water, given the wastage of water, in the city.Vivek Velankar of Sajag Nagrik Manch said the civic body should stop blaming citizens. \"All leaders and the civic administration have been blaming citizens for excess use of water. However, residents have not been receiving sufficient water. The civic administration needs to take steps to repair leakages and stop wastage in the distribution system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17717825", "title": "NGO in US and India announces environment competition for Punjab students", "text": "AMRITSAR: EcoSikh, an international environmental body has launched an art and a creativity contest for youth of Punjab in collaboration with a Punjab NGO Sukrit.Hundreds of students from all across north India were expected to take part in this competition, informed EcoSikh India project manager, Ravneet Singh on Saturday. He said that high school and college students were being invited to participate in this contest with the hope that they would discover their own creative skills which could be applied for environmental activism.\"\"Students can show their innovative skills in writing passages, poems and inspiring slogans\" said he. In addition, he said they could also show their range of imagination in art and in multimedia including making a video or photography provided it was related to the theme of the environment. The deadline to register was January 31, 2013 Head of Sukrit, Sarabjit Singh said, \"We invite all the schools and colleges of Punjab to be a part of this contest.The entries will be received via emails or postage at Sukrit head office in Ludhiana. All prize winners will also receive certificates of environmental leadership along with eco-friendly gifts and cash prizes in dollars. Winners of each category would be announced on March 1st, but an overall \"EcoFest\" winner would be announced by EcoSikh on March 14th, Sikh Environment Day.Ravneet said \"EcoFest is a tool through which we might be able to challenge Punjab's youth to take a leadership role and play a constructive role in shaping the future of the nation and the world\". The ideology of Sri Guru Granth Sahib together with the modern science could only help to make difference in Punjab's current environmental crisis and this contest would stimulate the participants to think on those lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715189", "title": "Power Consumers' body seeks CBI inquiry into into contract", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad on Friday petitioned the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) seeking a CBI enquiry into allocation of transmission works contract to a Spanish company.Parishad president, AK Verma, citied a reply filed by UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited (UPPTCL) to a question raised in the UP assembly in which it said that the company was not willing to accept the terms and condition of the state government and started installation of towers and conductors, which were not part of the agreement.The conductors, the UPPTCL had maintained, would result in higher transmission losses and in turn cause revenue loss to the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713321", "title": "HC fines state for detaining a woman after sunset", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramesh and Hansa Jariwala were picked up from their home in Aurangabad by the Navghar police on a dowry complaint filed by their daughter-in-law.They were first taken to Sholapur and then brought to Mulund on December 3 at 8.20pm. The next day, at 8.10am, they were officially shown as arrested. The Bhoiwada court released the senior citizens on bail the same day. \"Show us any provision in law that allows the police to keep someone in custody for questioning without showing him as arrested,\" the HC judges had said during an earlier hearing. \"The state cannot deny responsibility (for police action). The state allows such police officers to continue till superannuation; then it has to bear the consequences,\" the court had added.The second case dealt with 56-year-old Matunga resident Bharati Kandhar, who was illegally detained for three hours and arrested after sunset in violation of rules on June 13, 2007. The court directed the state to pay her Rs 5,000 as compensation on Friday.On the day of the incident, police officer Maruti Jadhav hauled Kandhar to the Matunga police station around 5.30pm. At 8.45pm, inspector Anant Gurav arrested her on the basis of a non-bailable warrant issued by an Allahabad court in a cheque-bouncing case. She spent the night in a lockup and was taken to the magistrate's court, which granted her bail the next day around 1pm. As per rules, a woman can be arrested after sunset only in exceptional circumstances and only after permission from the magistrate.In the third case, the court directed the state to pay Rs 30,000 each as compensation to Subhash Desai and two of his relatives who were illegally detained by the Budhadgarh police in Kolhapur in 2011. The cops had initially kept them in custody under Section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code. This provision gives the police powers to detain persons on the ground that they are likely to commit an offence. According to the petitioners, they were subsequently produced before an executive magistrate to execute a bond of good behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714384", "title": "Kind words, tough action", "text": "KOLKATA: The school that was the epicenter of the spate of student agitations in the state is also showing the way to deal with the crisis.Sreemati Ghosh, the doughty headmistress of Santoshpur Rishi Aurobindo Balika Vidyapeeth, on Friday refused to allow the 29 failed students a re-test, far less allowing them to sit for the higher secondary examinations.\"After holding a meeting on Friday, the school managing committee asked the teachers to re-check the answer scripts of the 29 students. After the re-evaluation, teachers found that in no way could any of them be passed. The committee, after rounds of meeting with the teachers, took the decision not to pass the 29 students. Also, there will be no retest,\" said Ghosh.She has refused to buckle under pressure unlike many other school heads who gave in to gheraos and threats from failed students and allowed everyone to sit for the exams.Ghosh would not allow police on the campus during the gruelling 22-hour siege by students and guardians earlier this week. Although political toughs joined the protest, she and the management committee would not buckle.With a PhD from Jadavpur University, the science graduate from Presidency College could have bagged more paying jobs, but she stayed on in the school for her love for children, say Ghosh's colleagues, who stood firmly by her through the crisis.\"My teachers have been working hard to improve the standard of the school. Despite being such a non-descript institute I take pride in saying that one of our students was nominated for the Indian Science Congress for juniors a couple of year back. My endeavour is to take the school forward and we have been working passionately for its development for 30 years now,\" said Ghosh.Soon after the siege, the Higher Secondary Council had asked the school to conduct a re-test, prompting similar protests at many other schools. Left red-faced by the faux pas, the council on Friday said that the school was free to decide on the 29 students but 'requested' that the decision be taken after considering the future of the students.\"Without going into legality whether the council has the authority to issue instructions, I am ready to listen to any suggestion that would benefit my students. Considering the situation it was a tough decision to make. But we had to be firm in the interest of the larger student community. I am sure this decision will benefit the 29 students and many more in future,\" Ghosh told TOI.The school managing committee is yet to decide on disciplinary action against the 29 students. \"They are in the growing age and it's crucial to show them the right path. Whatever happened in our school was a bad precedent and hope it does not get repeated anywhere in the future. I hope their guardians also realise this,\" said Ghosh.Ghosh has also backed her teachers and staff all the way. Council representatives Achintya Pal and Malay Roy had announced publicly on Tuesday that there were \"irregularities\" in the scores. They assured the agitating students a re-test and took away the tabulation sheets. As if this wasn't enough, they asked the headmistress, who had already left for home after the 22-hour siege, to return to the school at night and hand over the 29 answerscripts, too.They had repeatedly spoken of \"irregularities\", citing that a girl who had scored one mark was passed while others were held back. Ghosh clarified that this student was caught cheating and not allowed to write the paper. But teachers who have been evaluating her for two years felt that she was good enough for the board examination. She was awarded pass marks after a guardian call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713146", "title": "Former US Olympian Suzy Favor-Hamilton turns escort", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former US Olympic middle-distance runner Suzy Favor-Hamilton admitted to working for the last one year as a high-priced escort on the Las Vegas strip, charging clients $600 an hour up to $6,000 a day.The story was reported by an American website thesmokinggun.com.A reporter for the website had approached Hamilton in the lobby of a Las Vegas hotel. At first she denied it, before finally admitting she was an escort. Hamilton used an alias 'Kelly Lundy' when working as an escort but quite inexplicably shared her true identity with several male clients.The 44-year-old Wisconsin-born took the entire responsibility of her actions on Twitter and called working as an escort as 'escape from her struggling life'. \"I cannot emphasize enough how sorry I am to anyone I have hurt as a result of my actions and greatly appreciate the support from family and those closest to me. I realize I have made highly irrational choices and I take full responsibility for them. I am not a victim here and knew what I was doing,\" Hamilton wrote on Twitter.Hamilton is married and has a seven-year-old daughter. Her escort life was uncovered when she was exposed by a client, but she told the website that she won't be vindictive against him in return.\"I was drawn to escorting in large part because it provided many coping mechanisms for me when I was going through a very challenging time with my marriage and my life. It provided an escape from a life that I was struggling in. It was a double life,\" she tweeted.Hamilton competed in three Olympics for the US in the 1,500m. Hamilton admitted that she was seeking help.(Inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715580", "title": "Telangana Joint Action Committee keeps Botsa on toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress, which has already been under intense pressure from Telangana leaders for a pro-Telangana stand to be taken at the all-party meeting on December 28, on Friday was further pushed into deep water by the Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC ).Led by its convenor M Kodandaram, a team of T-JAC leaders urged PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana to ensure that the ruling party expresses itself in favour of Telangana at the all-party meet. Kodandaram presented to Botsa a letter addressed to Congress president Sonia Gandhi.On Thursday, the Telangana Congress monitoring committee of the PCC had given a similar letter to Botsa for a clear stand on the separate state demand.Kodandaram said that the Congress, being the ruling party, should not shirk from its responsibility and should lead the way for the other parties to spell out their stance.The T-JAC team met the PCC president as part of its 'mulaqat', a campaign to drum up the support of MLAs and MPs for the Telangana cause. Kodandaram said they would soon meet the TDP and YSR Congress elected representatives.He urged all the political parties to participate in the meeting and announce their stand in favour of the separate state. \"Irrespective of the number of participants, we urge the parties to take only one line i.e, pro-Telangana, at the all-party meeting,\" he said.Meanwhile, before leaving for Delhi on Friday, Botsa said he would convey to the Congress high command and Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde the views expressed by all sections including the T-JAC. The PCC president ruled out any special meeting with leaders from the three regions before the allparty meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17719019", "title": "Applications for awards invited", "text": "PUNE: Applications have been invited for the Rajiv Gandhi Wildlife Conservation Award 2011 and 2012, which is given for significant contribution in the field of wildlife conservation that has the potential and major impact on the protection and conservation of wildlife in the country. The union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has instituted this award.Two awards of Rs. 1 lakh each in cash, along with medallions, trophy and citations, will be given to education and research institutions and organizations, and forests and wildlife officers, research scholars or scientists or wildlife conservationists.Any recognized institution, individual or government and forest staff engaged in scientific work or field work for the cause of protection and conservation of wildlife can apply for the award.The areas of work could be outstanding scientific work, field work for preservation and conservation of wildlife (especially the endangered species), wildlife planning and management, control and checking of illegal poaching of wild animals and their products, protection of wildlife and human lives and property from wildlife, without harming wildlife. It also includes awareness, motivation and extension work, wildlife education, published literature and research, eco-development planning and implementation and captive breeding and zoo management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715335", "title": "Computerization of PDS gaining steam", "text": "PANAJI: The state government's long-planned proposal to computerize the public distribution system is finally gaining momentum. A revised detailed project report for an estimated cost of 33-crore for the end-to-end computerization of the entire supply network in Goa has been sent for the approval of the finance department .Official sources told TOI that since the expenditure finance committee has already given its in-principle nod to the project, the finance department's approval is expected within a week.The project was actually conceived and directed to be implemented in all states by the central government, which is bearing 50% of the cost. Though the earlier state government had prepared a proposal for 20 crore, the centre issued revised guidelines prompting the state government to revise its own proposal.The project includes the computerization of the entire PDS chain right from the godown of the food corporation of India in Goa, to the civil supplies department offices in every taluka and their headquarters, as well as all the 500-odd fair price shops.Once the government gives its formal approval, the civil supplies department will sign a memorandum of understanding with Goa Electronics Ltd for the digitization of the entire database of PDS beneficiaries in Goa. This involves data entry of the 3,23,000 ration cards in Goa, and subsequently, they will be linked to the unique identity number or Adhaar cards. Officials insist that this will eliminate bogus ration card holders in Goa. The entire supply chain will then be computerized and linked with internet connectivity. A transparency portal and grievance redressal mechanism will also be set up.In the second phase, the government will issue 'smart' ration cards to citizens. The final step is the computerization of fair price shops. The system is interconnected, so that when stock of food grains is taken out from the godown of the Food corporation of India in Goa, the system will track it in real time. Also, once a citizen goes to a fair price shop and swipes his smart ration card on the device which will also capture his thumb impression, the stock issued on the ration card will automatically be deducted from the shop's stocks. Officials say that this will prevent manipulation of stocks and help the civil supplies department to track stocks at any point in the supply chain in real time.The government-owned Goa electronics limited is the implementing agency and will supply and install all the hardware. The software has already been developed by the National informatics centre, Delhi, but the software is being customized for use in Goa by the NIC branch in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717327", "title": "Dabangg 2 is fun to watch", "text": "For those who thought Chulbul Pandey in Abhinav Kashyap's Dabangg was wacky and fun only because Salman Khan played him, here is more spoof-proof in the sequel of how Salman adopts embraces and assimilates the characters he plays until one can't tell the star apart from the character.This is not to say, Salman is a method actor. God forbid! He's just the opposite. Chulbul Pandey, if ever such a khaki-clad law-enforcer ever, would want to be as chirpy and obnoxious as Chulbul Pandey.So what does Chulbul do in Dabangg 2 that he didn't do in Dabangg? Nothing, and everything. There's more of everything in the sequel and hence a sense of deja vu. The fights which begin end and bolster the plot are done with that irrepressible mix of guffaws and grunts that Salman patented in Prabhu Deva's Wanted. Indeed it wouldn't be wrong to say that Prabhu Deva was the father of Chulbul Pandey, in a manner of speaking.Here of course in Dabangg 2 Vinod Khanna is back as Chulbul's father. The scenes between Salman and his screen-dad are written with a delicious mix of irreverence and affection. There is a hilarious encounter on the rooftop of their Kanpur home where son Salman asks his sleepy annoyed father about the deceased mother ( Dimple Kapadia , a mere photo on the wall in the sequel). And then Salman leaves in a huff saying, \"Mom was right. You're no fun to sleep with. I am better off sleeping with my wife.\"Ahem. Save the blushes for a rainy day. Salman's Chulbul gives us no time get bothered with niceties. Chulbul simply sweeps us along into a tidal wave of wackily written and executed action sequences undercut by a sharp sense of self deprecating humour. The storytelling is breathless. The characters can't really keep pace with the breakneck storytelling. They are undeveloped and largely kept in the shadows to accentuate the hero's larger-than-life (though blessedly never larger-than-laughs) persona.Sonakshi Sinha of course enjoys playing the seductress in the shadows. In film after film she plays the dutiful beloved soul-mate to the macho-hero. And really, her sartorial styling and the designer sarees and backless blouses in a film that pays a lot of attention to mofussil modes is way-way-way over the top. It's hard to see her expressions beyond the eye shadows. That reminds me... Sonakshi shares the shadows with Arbaaz Khan who as Chulbul Pandey's brother is delightful daft and goofy.The villains have a coherent voice (never mind their livid screaming) and more space to develop as characters. The plot goes into spasms of explanation as to why one of the villains Nikitin Dheer needed to take off his shirt in the climax. Really, Salman's shirtless act needs no accompaniment.Prakash Raj does his usual snarling sneering arch villain act, no surprises here. Deepak Dobriyal who gets to die in a rather gruesome way in the irate Chulbul's hands, is sharp and cutting in his brief role. Some of Salman's subordinates in the police station are also engaging. But make no mistake. This film belongs to Chulbul alias Salman from the first frame to the last. Salman goes through the motions without any punctuation except a string of exclamations. While the other characters remain dutifully tenuous, Chulbul's comic-book valour is highlighted unapologetically.Dabangg 2 takes off effortlessly from the first frame creating a wackier wilder wittier saga than Dabangg woven around Chulbul Pandey's agile anarchic antics. Though the plot is written in half-hearted measures leaving many episodes including the climax looking incomplete, the film is loads of lowbrow fun with some peppy songs by Sajid-Wajid which are filmed with an earthy gusto. Aseem Mishra's camera looks at life in 'Kanpur' through wide-eyed lenses that stare unabashedly at the characters's quirks.And now for the ek crore ka sawaal. Does Kareena Kapoor's item song Fevicol match up to Malaika Arora's Munni badnaam in first Dabangg?Redundant question. It's like asking, does Dabangg 2 measure up to Dabangg?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715155", "title": "Fog disrupts rail movement", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fog affected the movement of trains in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and other north-eastern parts on Friday with more than 100 trains were running behind schedule.The long-distance trains were the worst affected. Due to fog between Lucknow and Kanpur, trains like 15010 Jabalpur Jn.-Lucknow Jn. Chitrakoot Express got delayed. The other trains that were affected due to fog included 15028 Gorakhpur Jn.-Hatia Maurya Express, 15008 Lucknow-Varanasi Krishak Express and 15006 Dehradun-Gorakhpur Rapti Sagar Express. Trains from Allahabad and Gorakhpur in UP were also severely affected due to fog on the day. Trains like Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT Godan Express, Barauni-Gwalior Jn Mail, Howrah-Mumbai CST (via Allahabad), Rajgir-New Delhi Shramjeevi Express, Islampur-New Delhi Magadh Express, New Delhi-Barauni Vaishali Express, Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT superfast, Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express and Howrah-Delhi Janta Express were running late by more than two hours on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715187", "title": "Youth attacked for affair with married woman", "text": "LUCKNOW: A youth was attacked by unidentified men in Indiranagar area on Friday evening over an alleged affair with a married woman. The man was hit by a sharp-edged weapon and admitted to Lohia Hospital from where he was referred to Trauma Centre in a critical state.On late Friday, Anil and Adarsh, brother and husband of the married woman attacked Deepak Verma, 23, for trying to get in touch with the woman over the phone. Deepak had eloped with the woman earlier this year, reportedly. The duo had then threatened his family members and the woman returned home. The matter was settled between the two groups after intervention by few people who were known to both the sides. Things remained peaceful for six months but Deepak tried to contact the woman again and was in touch with her on phone for the past few weeks, said the police. The duo got wind of Deepak's activities and decided to teach him a lesson. Both the families stay at Chandangaon area in Indiranagar. On Friday, the duo learned from their friends that Deepak was present in the local market.The two rushed to the market and attacked Deepak. Injuries were found on his neck and skull. The victim was rushed to the hospital by his family members and was out of danger, said Taufiq Ahmed, in-charge of Indiranagar police station. The police have arrested the duo and were on the lookout for the third accused who fled after the incident. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713391", "title": "Kerala government to ramp up marketing of handloom products", "text": "KOCHI: State government's directorate of handlooms and textiles will participate in Heimtextil, an international trade fair for home and textiles, to be conducted in the second week of January at Frankfurt in Germany.\"Kerala State Handloom Development Corporation (Hanveev), Kerala State Handloom Weavers Co-operative Society Ltd (Hantex) and five co-operative societies from Kannur district will participate in this fair,\" said Sam C Ittycheria, director of handlooms and textiles with the state government. This is the first time that the handlooms division is participating in an international fair, and it is part of the government's attempt to ramp up the marketing activities for handloom products.Ittycheria and his team view these trade fairs as excellent opportunity to develop sales leads for a struggling industry.\"We participated in Vastra 2012, an international textile fair conducted by Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation Ltd and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, at Jaipur in November. One of the Egyptian buyers was interested in the sarees of Hanveev,\" he said. Later, Hanveev sent sample sarees and readymade blouses to this prospective buyer and is now waiting for a confirmation for 3,000 Kerala Kasavu Sarees.\"In 2013, we have scheduled for four buyer-seller meets in major towns and 28 exhibitions in smaller towns. During the last buyer-seller meet at Kochi, we got two local buyers who bought from Naveena and Ooruttambalam, two clusters based in Thiruvananthapuram district,\"Ittycheria said. A cluster is a group of seven to twelve co-operative societies. The Kerala state is estimated to have 430 co-operative societies out of which roughly 200 have opted for an organised system of clusters.directorate of handlooms is now holding a buyer-seller meet at Imperial Trade Centre on MG Road in Kochi where it offers 20% discount on products. The meet will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715383", "title": "Goa to receive lessons in chemical safety", "text": "PANAJI: In Goa to study the state's needs in disaster management and to propose new measures, the national disaster management authority (NDMA) will organize a conference in Goa on the subject of safety in the chemical industry.Muzaffar Ahmad, member of the NDMA, Delhi, having held meetings with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and chief secretary B S Vijayan, told TOI that the conference on chemical safety will be held in Goa in the third week of March, 2013.Ahmad said Goa has chemical industries that work with various chemicals including naphtha. He recollected how a major fire caused due to leakage of naphtha resulted in loss of lives and property in Goa in August, 2011.Ahmad said that NDMA conference will invite all the stakeholders, regulators, factory owners, policy makers and district collectors to educate them on how chemical safety can be ensured.Safety on petroleum products, hazardous materials, pharmaceuticals will be covered during the conference.The NDMA is also concerned with the large number of road accidents and fatalities in Goa. Ahmad said the NDMA has decided to do capacity building of the health services department by training their staff in advanced trauma life support.Said Ahmad, \"I have met the director of Goa's health services. He will be sending a batch of eight doctors and six nurses for training to Delhi. More batches will be sent later for training on advanced trauma life support so that the state becomes self-sufficient not only in trauma management but also in public health emergencies.\"The NDMA member also disclosed plans to have a cadre of certified first medical responders in Goa where lifeguards, home guards and college students will be certified. \"They will be given training to work as certified responders because Goa is vulnerable to various emergencies and disasters. The best thing is to make the people prepared to overcome the problem of disasters. That is our endeavor,\" Ahmad said, adding that the NDMA wants all schools, hospitals and other institutions in Goa to be safe.He said he had meetings with the chief minister and the chief secretary and they are concerned about capacity building in disaster management in Goa.\"Goa is doing a fantastic job with regard to health indicators and even in disasters. So we are trying to do the handholding to build up capacity so they are better equipped for disaster management and mitigation activities,\" Ahmad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715061", "title": "Student's death shrouded in mystery", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 19-year-old engineering student died under mysterious circumstances at her residence in Nagole on Thursday. While the family claimed it was a natural death, cops after a post-mortem on Friday said it was a case of suicide.LB Nagar police said 19-year-old Sheik Sameena, a second year engineering student from Shreya Engineering College, collapsed at her residence after returning from college to her residence on Thursday evening.\"Sameena's family members claim that she came back to the house complaining of symptoms of vomiting and went to the wash room. After coming out, she collapsed. The family members rushed her to a private hospital but she was declared brought dead,\" LB Nagar sub-inspector M Suman Kumar said.A post-mortem was conducted on the body on Friday and the report said it was not a case of natural death but a suicide by hanging. \"There were blue marks on Sameena's neck and scratch injuries all over the body. But the family members are disputing the findings and insisting that it was a natural death,\" police said.The cops claimed that Sameena was a bright student but that her parents were not keen on her continuing with her studies. A case of 174 (suspicious death) of the CrPC was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17715290", "title": "Are you satisfied with food served in college canteens?", "text": "Certainly not, the low quality of food along with pathetic hygiene standards in college canteens is a threat to healthy learning environment for both students and college staff. The canteens in colleges are usually outsourced to a third party, who hardly bothers to follow the prescribed guidelines of the food and drug administration and lack of regular inspections by the said agency also undermines the prospect of better management and hygiene standard of college canteens in Goa. Stringent universal guidelines for maintenance of quality food and hygiene standards, especially proposed for all the college canteens, is the need of the hour. Further, the colleges must ensure regular inspection so that the outsourced vendor is compelled to maintain the prescribed standards.Shilpa Singh Associate professor, PanajiThe kitchens in most college canteens are unhygienic and the waiters are never wearing clean clothes. Even the way they serve food is not proper and they don't seem to wash their hands when serving. Food is substandard and of poor quality because the rates charged are very low. Government should provide some subsidy to run canteens.Agostine Antao Football coach, GuirdolimNo. Hygiene and space available are two factors that can be improved at the canteens. There are enough options available to students. However, the authorities need to focus on maintaining hygiene in the university.Gabriel Miranda Student, CuncolimTo a certain extent only. But, it varies from college to college. Some items are good while the others can be improved on. There is a chance that prices can be made more student friendly.Loretta Fernandes Student, Dona Paula", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715238", "title": "NMC to conduct survey of dharmashalas in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to conduct a survey of dharmashalas (dormitories) across the city to plan accommodation for pilgrims and tourists visiting during the next Kumbh in 2015.The NMC officials plan to use all private and charitable trusts run dharmashalas across the city to provide lodging or other basic facilities to the devotees.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We plan to conduct a survey of all dharmashalas in the city soon, to make arrangements for the devotees coming to Nashik in 2015. We want to collect a data on the number of dharmshalas in the city. What is the capacity of the rooms? What kind of facilities they can provide to the devotees? How many toilets these Dharmashalas have? What can be done to accommodate maximum devotees in these dharmashalas and what do they need more?\"There are around 15 dharmashalas in the city with around 300 rooms and almost all dharmashalas, except two or three, are in the Panchavati area of old Nashik.Nashik is one of the four places in the country where the Kumbh is held after every 12 years. With less than three years left for the Kumbh, the NMC administration has started chalking out various Kumbh related plans.During Kumbha, lakhs of devotees visit Nashik and that adds burden on the city's machinery from traffic control to lodging and boarding. With an aim to provide lodging and basic facilities to the pilgrims coming to city, the NMC administration has engaged in chalking out different plans. The flag of Simhastha is to be hoisted on July 14, 2015, while it will be lowered on August 11, 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17714875", "title": "State govt, CII tie up to promote industry in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Adding to a slew of measures to promote industry in Uttar Pradesh, the state government, on Friday decided to partner with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) for organising a partnership summit in Agra between January 27 and 29, 2013.Decided at a high-level meeting between chief secretary Jawed Usmani, top UP government bureaucrats, and senior CII officials, both groups decided the event would successfully showcase UP's policies and initiatives for promoting industrial and business development. Following the meeting, Usmani also said the state's new industrial policy should be documented before this event, so it may be unveiled as a package, at the event.Assuring full cooperation to CII for successful organising the flagship event, Usmani also directed officials to constitute government committees to oversee the event by December end in order to fix the terms of reference and responsibilities.It may be noted that after the announcement of new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment Policy, IT Policy and Food Processing Policy recently, new enabling policies on poultry farming, Co-generation &amp; Solar Energy, Sugar, among others, are in their final stages of formulation.Infrastructure and Industrial development commissioner, Anil Gupta said a special session on UP will also be organised at this summit. Parallel sessions will be held to focus on investment opportunities in infrastructure development in road, power, Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, IT and food processing.He added that committees have been already constituted to ensure successful organisation of this investment promotion event, to be held for the first time in Uttar Pradesh. These committees have top government officials along with CII officials as members.Special secretary, Industrial Development, Kaushal Raj Sharma said industrialists, both Indian and from abroad are expected to participate in the partnership summit.Committees on protocol and reception, accommodation, security, city beautification, cultural programmes, promotion and branding, business alliances, among others, will soon meet to decide the future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714366", "title": "Karnataka govt to invoke Goonda Act to protect women", "text": "BANGALORE: The recent gang rape in New Delhi has pushed the Karnataka government to beef up security in Bangalore at night. It will invoke the Goonda Act against perpetrators of crime against women. On Friday, chief minister Jagadish Shettar told TOI the state government would coordinate with the Centre to ensure there are tougher laws to ensure the safety of women. Excerpts from an interview:Bangalore is one of the metros with a high incidence of crime against women. Doesn't this impact Karnataka's image?Compared to other states, law and order is better in Karnataka, and women are safer here. Our police are preventing crimes. In the few untoward incidents, they have acted swiftly and brought the perpetrators to book very quickly. Their swift action has proved our system is working more efficiently than elsewhere.What measures has the government taken to prevent crimes against women?We have given clear instructions to police to step up vigil, especially at night and in sensitive and isolated places. If somebody commits a crime against a woman, he will be booked under stringent sections of the law. His bail (petition) will be opposed tooth and nail in the courts. We'll ensure the accused stays in jail, so that it acts as a deterrent for others and punishment for him.What long-term measures have you planned to ensure the safety of women?There should be a fear of the law. Perpetrators will be booked under the Goonda Act. If needed, we'll amend the state laws. I plan to speak with the Union government to make existing laws tougher. Employers and civil society also have to ensure safety of women. In the IT industry, employers should hold awareness campaigns to educate employees about safety measures. Police will help them in such exercises.A common complaint is that police humiliate women victims and refuse to register complaints. How do you plan to deal with this?It does happen sometimes but we'll issue a diktat to the police to behave properly with women and register cases. Some police services have been brought under Sakala, the time-bound delivery of services to citizens. It ensures that cases are registered and investigated without delay.Will you set up special courts to try cases involving crimes against women?The government will first evaluate the prevailing situation taking into account the number of cases, their status and other details. If necessary, we'll set up special courts.What's the Goonda ActThe Karnataka Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug Offenders, Gamblers, Goondas, Immoral Traffic Offenders and Slum-Grabbers Act, 1985, popularly called Goonda Act, is enforced against certain habitual offenders. It empowers law-enforcing agencies to keep such people under detention up to six months without trial. It can be extended by six months under certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712877", "title": "Unable to bear torture, wife strangulates husband", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 28-year-old woman was arrested on Friday for strangulating her husband to death at her residence in Gandhi Maa Nagar in the city on early Friday morning. The woman claimed that her husband, a drunkard, used to harass her physically and mentally and disturbed her children's study, said the police. On Thursday late night, he picked up a fight with her. Unable to bear his torture, she murdered her husband, police added.Police said, the woman was identified as R Selvi. The deceased was identified as R Ramesh, 32. Police said, Ramesh, a native of Ariyalur was working as a mason in Coimbatore. Selvi, a native of Chennai, moved to Coimbatore 20 years ago and was working as a tailor.According to police, Ramesh fell in love with her and they got married 11 years ago. The couple had three daughters all aged less than 10-year-old. Recently, Ramesh had stopped going to work and used to drink daily. He returned home in an alcoholic state and picked up a fight with Selvi everyday. The children were unable to concentrate on their studies. Selvi sent her elder daughter to her parent's house to continue her schooling. Few days ago, Ramesh harassed Selvi physically and mentally. She complained about him to Ramesh's parents, who advised him to quit drinking and join work. However, Ramesh continued consuming alcohol and harassed his wife.On Thursday late night, Ramesh went home in a drunken state and beat Selvi for complaining about him to his parents. Unable to bear his torture, Selvi took a cloth and strangulated him to death at 2 am on Friday. She surrendered before a revenue official and confessed the crime. Saravanampatti police was alerted and the police rushed to the house and sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post-mortem.Selvi confessed her crime to the police. Based on her confession, the police registered a case against her under section 302 (murder) and arrested Selvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718976", "title": "Junagadh observe Bandh after Sadhu's murder", "text": "RAJKOT: Junagadh town observed bandh on Saturday after the murder of a Sadhu at Zanjarda village near Junagadh on Friday afternoon.According to sources, Mahant Rambhartibapu of Khetaliya temple was shot at by Jusab and his two accomplices on Friday afternoon over the land dispute.Sources say that Rambhartibapu had dispute with Jusab Allarakha, a native Ravni village, over the land at Zanjarda village.\"He was going to file complaint before the police and Jusab and his accomplices intercepted his car and shot at him'' said sources.Accused fled after the crime. As soon as the news spread about Rambhartibapu's murder, situation turned tense as large numbers of Sadhus and devotees gathered at civil hospital.On Friday, all commercial establishments observed bandh following the incident and demanded immediate arrest of the accused.Junagadh BJP MLA Mahendra Mashru said that this is the heinous crime and police should arrest accused soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17713966", "title": "Safe Singapore: Fear is key here", "text": "It is 2am. Women, alone and in groups, are walking around Singapore's hip Clarke Quay area without a care. If you move out of Clarke Quay into the less touristy parts of town, there is no shortage of women either on the streets, at food courts or taking public transport. In the evenings it is not a rare sight to see young schoolchildren, unaccompanied by adults, taking public buses back home from tuition. What is commonplace in Singapore would be unthinkable in Delhi.Singapore is one of the few countries that have seen a decrease in crime in recent times. In 2011, overall crime declined by 5% as compared to 2010. However, the irony is you see very few policemen on Singapore streets. It is only on rare occasions when there are road accidents do cops make an appearance. Although it is commonly believed that sophisticated surveillance is the secret to Singapore's low crime rate, the answer probably lies in the fear of the law in the minds of residents.Singapore has tough laws, including caning and imprisonment, for offences that many would consider trivial in other countries. But very often the law's fearsome reputation does the trick. For example, many mistakenly believe that an American teenager, Michael Fay, was sentenced to caning in 1994 for chewing gum. He was actually penalized for vandalism of cars and public property, something that still attracts swift punishment. But the Fay incident still makes residents and visitors to Singapore very wary of littering streets.Rigid enforcement of laws has ensured that people think several times before committing a crime. And this applies to every other civic rule - from littering to stopping at red lights to standing in queue to board trains - which is flouted at will in India.Of course it would be silly to argue that what works for tiny Singapore will work for India's teeming metropolises. But the larger point of the Singapore model is not merely harsh laws - some of which cannot be replicated in India - but a rigid enforcement of existing laws and speedy disposal of criminal cases.(The writer is a visiting senior research fellow at ISAS, National University of Singapore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714855", "title": "Member demands govt's reply on TOI report", "text": "NAGPUR: MLC Prakash Binsale raised the issue of alleged irregularities by BJP MLC from Chandrapur Mitesh Bangadia in the Gosikhurd project in the council citing Friday's TOI report. Reading out the report in house, he demanded clarification from the government stating that truth must be out.When chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh asked him to delete Bangadia's name from records, he contended that he had not made any specific allegations against the member but just asked the government to put all facts before the house as mentioned in the newspaper report. Opposition leader Vinod Tawde jumped to Bangadia's defence saying transparency should be maintained by the government and it should first prosecute deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar (for irrigation scam). \"You should also make similar demand for Pawar,\" he told Binsale.Citing VIDC's affidavit before Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, TOI had reported that work of left bank canal (LBC) of Gosikhurd project was of very poor quality and Bangadia, who was the contractor had been asked to do the relining afresh. It also stated that no action was being taken against Bangadia as he might then move court and stall the work. VIDC escalated the cost of 38 irrigation projects by a whopping Rs20,050 crore in seven months in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718892", "title": "From Gir to Gadhada, lions inch closer to Ahmedabad", "text": "RAJKOT: The Asiatic lions have come closer to Ahmedabad!On Thursday night, forest officials got information that three lions were spotted in Patna village in Gadhada taluka of Bhavnagar district. There were two lions which killed a domestic cattle in the village.Gadhada is 190 km away from Ahmedabad. Officials said it the first time that lions were spotted in Gadhada taluka.\"As soon as we received the information, we rushed to the spot. Lions killed the cattle in Mulubhai Khachar's farm in Patna village. Now, we are trying to trace the lions and their movement in the area,'' forester in Gadhada forest range Baghubhai Kachar said.Forest officials said lions may have come from Krakachh area of Amreli district towards Gadhada. According to forest officials, there are around 30 lions in Krakachh area from where they may have moved on towards Gadhada via Derdi village.According to lion census conducted in 2010, there were 33 lions in Bhavnagar district, mostly in Mahuva, Palitana, Gariyadhar and Talaja. In Amreli, there were about 108 lions in 2010.Sources said length of lions kingdom is spreading rapidly due to its increasing population. They are moving out of forest corridors and preying on domestic cattle in villages which had never seen lions before.\"It is likely that young lions may have gone towards Gadhada in search of new territory. About 18 months ago, lions were spotted near Vallabhipur-Umarala region as well,'' the forest officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714633", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seeks Rs 6,320 crore grant for development works", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems a distant dream, even then Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee is hopeful of getting Rs 6,320 crore as special grants from the State government. The committee passed the proposal seeking the grants under the 4{+t}{+h} state finance commission in the meeting held on Friday.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari told TOI that the proposal was prepared following a suggestion from the 4th state finance commission itself. Chairman of the commission JP Dange held a meeting with the NMC officials on August 27 and asked the civic body to submit a proposal for undertaking developmental projects in the next three years. The city is in dire need of good sewage system, storm water drains, wide roads etc. \"The proposal is an essential one and we hope that it gets approval. The proposal has been sent to the general body for its consent, after that it will be placed before the commission,\" he said.In the proposal, NMC has sought Rs3,765 crore as grant in order to construct storm water drains in the entire city. Besides this, an amount of Rs1,260 crore has been sought to increase the capacity of the sewage treatment plant. Special grants of Rs530 crore have been sought for the development of rivers and lakes in the city. The civic body has also sought an amount of Rs345 crore for development of roads, Rs270 crore to enhance electricity infrastructure and Rs150 crore for solid waste management.However, it will be interesting to see how the Government acts on the proposal as it has yet to sanction even the special grants of Rs15 crore per year since 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719706", "title": "Battle for December 28", "text": "The year is coming to a close and some filmmakers are making a desperate attempt at making their films release on December 28, the last Friday of the year. Up to 12 films are expected to hit screens on the day.Vishal's Samar has been confirmed for that date as the film has been cleared by the Censor Board. The other films vying for the slot are 10,000 Kodi, Lollu Dha Dha Parak Parak, Kozhi Koovudhu, Paraseega Mannan, Agilan, Nanbargal Kavanathirku, Pudhumugangal Thevai, Guest, Kalavaram, Kurumbakara Pasanga and Ram Charan . Which of these actually make it to the screens, that we have to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718869", "title": "Independent candidate nabbed with knife, detained", "text": "RAJKOT: Bhayabhai Nakrani, an independent candidate from Talaja constituency in Bhavnagar, was allegedly nabbed with a knife at the counting centre on Thursday morning.Police produced him before a local court which released him on bail. Police said he had no intention to harm anyone. People from villages generally keep some small arms with them, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715221", "title": "BSP ministers move court, file surrender applications", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former state ministers Rangnath Mishra and Chandradeo Ram Yadav on Friday moved the sessions court filing application for surrender in the LACCFED scam.Judge KK Sharma posted the application on January 4, declining the duo any relief till then.The court said if the Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the Cooperative Cell of Uttar Pradesh Police wanted to nab them it was open for the investigators.The court further fixed another plea for Saturday whereby the Special Investigation Bureau of the sought order for attachment of properties of these accused.The investigating officer said that the court had pronounced them absconder on November 21, but even then they have not surrendered before the court nor the police till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "18516679", "title": "Yamla Pagla Deewana 2", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sangeeth Sivan Cast: Dharmendra, Sunny Deol, Bobby Deol, Neha Sharma, Kristina Akheeva, Johnny Lever, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor, Sucheta Khanna Release Date: June 7, 2013SynopsisAfter delivering a super-hit with Yamla Pagla Deewana in 2011, the Deols are now gearing up to win your hearts with the sequel to the film. Veteran actor Dharmendra and his sons Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol will be next seen in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 and they wrapped up the London Schedule on 4th December 2012. The remaining portions will be shot in Banaras in early 2013. The Deols have decided to release the film on 7th June 2013.Sunny Deol said, it's the longest schedule shot overseas for any film. Shooting in Leicester and Birmingham was perfect. A big thanks to my cast and crew, it would have not been possible without their support. Also all I can say is, if you liked the original, you will enjoy this one. It is a great family film and a complete entertainer.While the Deols will reprise their roles from the previous film, Neha Sharma and Kristina Akheeva will play the female leads. The film also features Johnny Lever, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Sucheta Khanna in pivotal roles. The Film is been Directed by Sangeeth Sivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714562", "title": "AICTE to frame guidelines for technical education through distance mode", "text": "NEW DELHI: The human resource development (HRD) ministry has tasked the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to create a regulatory framework for technical education offered through the distance mode. AICTE is expected to firm up the guidelines by March 2013.At present, private technical universities run distance programmes without approval. \"The AICTE will prepare norms for distance education by March 2013,\" HRD minister MM Pallam Raju said.AICTE chairman S S Mantha added, \"We are creating processes and based on that we would be coming up with the regulatory framework for the benefit of students.\"Under the new set of guidelines, the first year degree or diploma will have to be pursued through formal learning and the rest through the distance mode. The laboratory classes have to be taken face-to-face, Mantha said.The move would stop institutes from duping students with false claims about their programmes and institutes, he said. The new accreditation body will also accredit the distance education.Meanwhile, in a related development, the ministry has decided to once again empower UGC to regulate distance education system and determine its standards.The Distance Education Council under IGNOU can no more regulate others and its \"powers will be put back to its original regulator which is UGC\", Ashok Thakur, higher education secretary, said.The move has received the nod of DEC and IGNOU, he said, adding the IGNOU Act will be amended accordingly.The development comes in wake of several petitions filed in courts challenging the IGNOU Act on the grounds that how can IGNOU award affiliation to other institutes when it itself was one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714657", "title": "Temperature dips to 9.7\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "NAGPUR: The city shivered as the temperature dipped to the season's low at 9.7 degrees Celsius on Thursday night.To compound the problems of people, the Regional Meteorology Department has predicted that the temperature would hover around 9 degree on Saturday and Sunday with maximum at 29 degree Celsius.Cold winds were blowing throughout Thursday night, prompting people to stay indoors.Northeasterly winds made the temperature to dip. Many parts of the neighbouring Madhya Pradesh are already reeling under cold wavelike situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713041", "title": "Molasses cargo seized for Rs 30 lakh evasion of duty", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu prohibition enforcement wing (PEW) has seized 10,000 tonnes of molasses transported from Andhra Pradesh to Chennai port, where it was ready to be shipped to the Netherlands on Saturday, without paying the mandatory service fee.An excise official said for any consignment of molasses, a raw material for making alcohol, imported or exported through Chennai port, there is a service charge of 300 per tonne payable to the Tamil Nadu prohibition and excise department.The exporter should also get permission from the collector of the district where the sugar factory had supplied the molasses. \"The exporter or the importer should inform the state excise department and PEW officials, who would escort the vehicle till the state border. These norms were not followed,\" said an official.\"We have asked the exporters - Imcola Exports Limited - of the consignment to produce the documents and receipts immediately. The consignment kept at the south quay IMC tank at the port was to be loaded to a vessel called MT Champion Star on December 22,\" he added. Commissioner of prohibition and excise M Malik Feroz Khan said an inquiry has been ordered to find out how the consignment entered the port without valid papers. \"We have asked the exporter to submit the papers related to the consignment to the excise officials,\" he said.Sources said the same company had exported several consignments to foreign countries after procuring molasses from sugar factories in Andhra Pradesh.\"We will also verify how much quantity of molasses were sent from the sugar factory to the exporter and how much they paid so far as service charge in the recent past,\" another excise officer said.Chander, a senior executive Chander of Imcola Exports Limited said the company had paid 1.25 crore to Andhra Pradesh officials for transporting the consignment to Chennai. We have followed all norms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714546", "title": "India to open first drug inspection office in Beijing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing the heat on Chinese drug firms exporting medicines to India, the drug controller general of India is all set to open its first foreign drug inspection office in Beijing by March 1.Around four Indian drug inspectors will be posted in China to inspect manufacturing sites and check whether good manufacturing practices (GMP) are being complied with.Drug controller general of India Dr GN Singh told TOI that the commerce ministry has cleared the proposal.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said that in the last two years, 10 Chinese bulk drug manufacturing firms were inspected and the registration certificate of one firm and 16 import licences were cancelled.Ministry sources said the decision to audit Chinese drug manufacturing units was taken after several import licences of local agents were cancelled due to poor drug quality and their failure to comply with GMP.\"We will post Indian drug inspectors in China to send a clear message that Chinese drug firms are under watch. We will gradually ask China to only allow drugs exports from manufacturing sites which have been inspected by Indian drug inspectors. We want to ensure safety, efficacy and quality of Chinese drugs,\" Dr Singh told TOI.\"GMP of Chinese drug firms has to be certified by our regulators. This is a practice of most countries including the US FDA. To protect the interest of Indians, we have to go international,\" Dr Singh added.At present, more than 45% of bulk drug exporters registered in India are from China. The number of registered Chinese bulk drug manufacturers in India is around 280, and altogether 417 different drugs from the Asian giant are registered.In 2009-10, the value of drugs imported from China stood at Rs 3,094.4 crore while India's total drug import bill stood at Rs 4,953.87 crore.The Planning Commission's working group for the 12th five year plan had said in its report that globalization has fundamentally changed the environment for regulating drug products and created unique regulatory challenges for the following reasons: more foreign manufacturing facilities supplying bulk drugs, medical devices, blood products, diagnostics and anti-cancer drugs to India, increasing volume of imported medicinal products and imports coming from countries with less developed regulatory system.The document said, \"It is therefore important that the Central Drugs Standards Control Organization should have India country offices, at least one each in five countries. Initially, such offices could be set up in China and South Africa to inspect foreign manufacturing facilities and address other regulatory issues. The offices in the other three countries could be set up on a need analysis basis. The financial outlay for each office would be Rs 175 crore.\"The Indian pharma industry has been growing at a rate of 11-12%. It is the third largest in the world by volume and 13th by value. The total size of the Indian pharma industry is about Rs 100,000 crore, out of which exports account for Rs 42,000 crore. It accounts for 8% of global production and 2% of the world pharma market.A ministry official said, \"We had earlier written to Chinese Food and Drug Authority (FDA) regarding complaints that some Chinese drug firms which export bulk drugs to India might not be holding proper GMP certificates. The Chinese FDA too confirmed our apprehensions and asked us to carry out our own inspections.\"On the basis of complaints and doubts on authenticity of GMP certificate, India has already cancelled 10 registration certificates and related import licences. These certificates were from Zhejinag, Jingsu, Henan province and Chongquing.A DCGI note said, \"Similarly, several cases of imported kits of HIV were declared to be not of standard quality by the government laboratory, which are originating from Zhejiang and Fujian provinces. These issues further support this office which stands to carry out foreign site inspections in line with other regulatory agencies of the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17718701", "title": "Tuticorin police arrest man who killed 12-yr-old girl after attempting to rape her", "text": "TUTICORIN: Police have arrested a 36-year-old man for the murder of a 12-year-old school girl in Tuticorin in southern Tamil Nadu on Saturday.Police said the accused, C Subbiah (36) of Paraikuttam village in the district, had dragged S Punitha, a seventh standard girl, to an isolated spot near Thatankulam railway gate on Thursday morning when she was on her way to school and attempted to rape her. \"As she began to scream, Subbiah, scared he would get caught, strangled her to death with her shawl,'' said Tuticorin superintendent of police J Rajendran.The murder of Punitha had created a furore in Tuticorin district on Friday as villagers resorted to road blockades, demanding the arrest of the culprits. Punitha and her mother Pechiammal, a noon meal scheme worker, were living with her grandfather at Kilangulam for the past three years after her father Soundararajan died.Punitha, who was studying in a school at Nazareth, used to stay in the school hostel. Since half yearly examinations were on, she preferred to stay in her house for the past few days. She would walk up to Thathankulam railway station and then take a train to Nazareth.Police said that Subbiah who spotted Punitha walking alone on Thursday morning near the railway gate, dragged her behind the bushes in an isolated area. The body was found only on Friday morning. Special teams were formed, headed by two DSPs, who nabbed Subbiah this morning.Police said Subbiah was a habitual offender and was already facing charges or rape and attempt to murder. Only on December 1, Subbiah attempted to rape his cousin sister. He was arrested immediately. As soon as he was released on bail, Subbiah assaulted his cousin sister and his aunt for lodging a complaint against him. A case of attempt to murder was registered against him on December 18, but he was evading arrest, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714841", "title": "More engineering students move court but get no relief", "text": "NAGPUR: After Bombay High Court's bench here passed a favourable order for 106 students in litigation against the Nagpur University, two similar petitions were filed in the court on Friday. One is by Abhijeet Khare who is representing 79 engineering students and the second is by Mugdha Chandurkar representing 56 engineering and two architecture students. Both the petitions demand that the court should grant the same relief as in the case of Pupul Borkar and others as the facts are identical.Both petitions contended that since petitioners are from the same pool of 6,000 students who had lodged complaints against NU's evaluation, the court should grant same relief to them. However the court didn't accept Khare's plea to direct NU to permit the students to appear in winter exams. It held that the petition has been filed after a lot of delay, just a few days before the commencement of exams and hence no similar directions will be passed. However, it has issued notice to NU and has set the next hearing after three weeks.In a press conference, the students, apart from the 106 in Pupul Borkar and others, expressed their despair as the exams will be over in three weeks. When the students approached the VC Vilas Sapkal for help, he refused to do so and said, \"I don't want to comment on this issue.\" The students are planning to take to the streets as many claim that the judgment should be applicable to everyone and they also should be allowed to save their academic year, as they are placed in the similar circumstances.On December 19 this year, justices Bhushan Gavai and Ashok Bhangale had upheld a previous petition by 106 engineering students who had alleged negligent and erroneous evaluation by NU that would have caused them loss of an academic year apart from financial and mental burden. The high court, after considering material evidence, ruled that the revaluation was indeed faulty. It had directed NU to get the answer papers of these petitioners evaluated by an independent committee and also allowed students to sit for the winter exams commencing from December 27. This was subject to the result of their revaluation and those failed by the panel won't be able to claim the marks scored in winter exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17714906", "title": "Omar slams Army for Gulmarg \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcland grab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, damaging highways", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has cautioned the Army against extending boundaries of its High Altitude Warfare School in Gulmarg, saying it could lead to confrontation between \"us and them\" over the threat it poses to the world-famous scenic ski resort town in the state's Baramulla district.\"... the way it (Army) is spreading boundaries of the school...the day is not far when it would have to be either the Army or the state government in Gulmarg,\" Omar said after inaugurating a hotel in Gulmarg on Thursday. Omar's comments came a day after he criticized the Army for opposing the revocation of AFSPA (Armed Forces Special Powers Act) that gives sweeping powers to security forces and immunity from prosecution.The CM partly blamed the Army for the deteriorating condition of the Srinagar-Gulmarg road, saying every summer his government repairs it and again it is in shambles a few months later. \"I do not know whether the road deteriorates due to the heavy movement of Army vehicles using chains over wheels or the material used by the R&B; department.\"Omar's outbursts are seen in the context of the Army's stand on AFSPA, which he had promised to have revoked from some parts of the state \"in a few days\" last year. His failure to deliver on the promise has undermined his populist politics.He had made the promise when the Valley was still seething with anger over the killing of around 120 people, including kids and youth, in firing by security forces on protesters in 2010.On Wednesday, Omar said that the Army's opposition to AFSPA revocation continued despite a considerable support from the Centre. \"It is no secret that various quarters of the government of India have extended considerable support to the J&K; government in this regard. But, unfortunately, the Army is reluctant to even consider partial revocation of the AFSPA from some parts of the state.\"He even rejected the Army's figures on the cross-border infiltration. \"We are not willing to accept the figures given by the Army headquarters as they are on higher side than the information gathered at the local level. We believe the number is less but I cannot share the exact number,\" he said. \"There has been a discrepancy in the numbers provided by the police, Army and Army headquarters to the multi agency center.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715156", "title": "Rlys plan drives on fake passengers", "text": "LUCKNOW: To keep a check on fraudulent passengers and to increase security at railway stations during Christmas and New Year, railways have planned special drives in mass contact areas of the railway stations.The drives will start from Saturday and continue till January 10, 2013 in areas of the stations where maximum movement of passengers and visitors takes place. The teams comprising vigilance and enforcement personnel will keep a watch on activities of touts, unauthorised passengers, who force their way into reserved coaches and occupy berths and seats and passengers travelling on fake tickets. The teams will also keep a check on those who encroach space in unreserved coaches and on unauthorised ticketing agents. The teams will conduct train checks to detect fake/forged tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17707659", "title": "I would have loved to explore Pakistan, says Vinay Sanap", "text": "The team may have been defeated on field, but Vinay Sanap assures that their spirits haven't. Back from the 2nd Asia Deaf Cricket Cup 2012, Vinay is happy with the team's performance but feels that cricket for the handicap needs to be encouraged more by the BCCI. \"There are efforts being made to get aids from BCCI. We hope that BCCI shows interest in our teams also,\" he adds.When asked about his visit to Pakistan, Vinay shared, \"The tour to Pakistan was good, but we were confined to our hotel rooms after returning from the ground. We didn't get to do any sight-seeing or shopping. I would have loved to explore Pakistan.\"All of 24, Vinay bats at number five and is also an off spinner in the team. He considers former cricketer Rahul Dravid his idol and loves batting more than bowling.The passion for cricket comes to him from his father who though never played cricket professionally was interested in the sport. Becoming vice captain of the team was like a dream come true for him.\"I am very happy to be a vice captain and I am prepared for the responsibilities that come along. I want to prove myself. Now I want to be a captain one day,\" he expressed.Being mute and hearing impaired has never bothered him or made him feel inferior to others. He loves riding his bike and expressed that he would like to give modelling a try.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17714432", "title": "Hills celebrates fest, Chaiyya Chaiyya style", "text": "DARJEELING: Tourists and local dancers replaced Shah Rukh Khan and Malaika Arora Khan and traditional Nepali songs took over from AR Rahman's superhit Chaiyya Chaiyya. But there was the iconic open freight trolley of Darjeeling Himalayan Railway's (DHR) toy train and unrelenting enthusiasm among the participants, which were enough to recreate the magic and relive fun moments that the hilly town had enjoyed way back in 1998, when a team from Bollywood shot the popular \"item number\" that remained a chart-topper for several weeks.\"It is a memorable moment of my life. I don't think anything better will be able to beat this incredible experience,\" said Lata Rangpal, a tourist from Agra, matching steps with the dancers on board at the War Memorial in Batasia.Tourists in Batasia Loop, who were on their regular sight-seeing tour of the region on Friday, were surprised to see girls dressed in Nepali traditional costumes dancing on the train. It took a while before they gathered their senses and realized that the performance was a part of the ongoing Darjeeling Tea and Tourism Festival. They were surprised even more when the organizers urged them to join the group.\"I just wanted to click photos of the War Memorial. But to be able to dance with trained dancers on the toy train is totally amazing. I am still trying to soak in the excitement,\" exclaimed Mamuta Banerjee from Kolkata.The idea of making dancers perform on the train was first mulled by Binoy Tamang, an executive member of the GTA and in charge of the information and cultural department. \"I had this idea in mind for some time. But, I had to wait for the right opportunity. The festival provided it at last,\" said Tamang, who also accompanied the dancers on the train to Ghoom.The GTA executive member was, however, quick to point out that had it not been for the cooperation of the DHR and the railways authorities, the event would not have materialized. \"I held talks with the DHR director and the railway authorities a few weeks back. They were gracious enough to provide us a freight trolley for the performance,\" said Tamang. He added that he would hold talks with the DHR and railway officials to have the event during tourist seasons as well. \"This time, we will continue the dance performance throughout the festival. However, we will try to organize this event even during tourist seasons. It could be a joint venture of the DHR and GTA the in future,\" he added.Teenagers Santoshi and Sujan Rai from Kathmandu on their maiden visit to Darjeeling, were, in fact, asked to join the information and cultural department dancers for the entire duration of the ride. \"We were dressed up in hired Nepali costumes available in Batasia. But, we could not resist dancing and so joined after getting permission from the organizers. It will be a life-time memory,\" said the duo, where the toy train stopped to refill water for the return journey to Darjeeling.The dancers were equally overwhelmed. If tourists were excited, the experience of the dancing was equally hypnotic for the dancing troop as well.\"Can you imagine the excitement of dancing on a moving train? These things happen only in movies. But I have lived that moment!\" said Monica Chhetri, the lead dancer of the troop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714104", "title": "CBI asked to reply to application about forensic report", "text": "JAIPUR: A lower court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to file a reply to an application filed by one of the accused policeman in Dara Singh encounter case, Jogaram regarding forensic reports. The policeman claimed in the application that the CBI has not put on record the forensic report prepared by nine well-known experts who concluded that the encounter could be genuine.According to Jogaram's lawyer Hemant Nahata, the application was filed in the court of district and sessions judge on Friday.\"In the application, we raised objection over CBI's request to discredit the prosecution witness, the then Mansarovar SHO Ashok Vishnoi and consider him hostile. The CBI had requested that the witness be turned hostile as the agency has found that the scene of crime where the encounter took place had been tampered with. The agency has raised the theory of tampering suddenly,\" said the lawyer.He added that it was mentioned in Jogaram's application that nine experts had prepared a forensic report over the encounter on the request of CBI. \"The experts had given their opinion in which it was evident that the encounter could be genuine. However, this report was never put on record before the court,\" said Nahata.He also said that a videography of the crime scene in which there were voices of then SHO Ashok Vishnoi and CO Gyanchand had been put on record before the court. \"The voices had been matched with the samples taken from both the officers, however, the forensic conclusion drawn from the voice test was never put on record,\" the lawyer said.He added that the court has sought reply from the CBI over the questions raised by his client.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714389", "title": "CM, Amit Mitra meet bankers", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee and finance minister Amit Mitra held a meeting with bankers on Friday to discuss the availability of easy loans to small traders and farmers.Mitra said a task force, chaired by finance secretary HK Dwivedi, had been formed. It will take stock of the operations of banks in rural areas and monitor the process of disbursing loans to entrepreneurs and self-help groups.As there are complaints with the state government that the banks are not issuing loans with SHGs and small and micro-entrepreneurs (SMEs). The task force will take stock of the operations of the banks in the rural areas and how they disburse loans, as SHGs and SMEs had complained that the banks do not give loans without collateral. So, it had been found that even in cases of subsidy had been granted by the state government in certain loan schemes but in several cases the banks turned down the loan applicants.Mitra said that the CM stressed on opening zero balance account in all the banks in the state particularly in the rural banks so that the rural poor can have bank accounts and through it money can be sent to them particularly in cases of MGNREGA and Kishan credit card.The DMs too have been asked to vigilant on the issue of bank operations and work in close co-ordination with the banks, as the DMs are more busy with their administrative job and have little time to handle issues related to banking. Mitra said that the banks in North and South 24 Parganas, Bankura, Purulia and Burdwan had been specially asked to start the zero balance accounts by March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "choutuppal (nalgonda)", "code": "17715088", "title": "Protests over toll collection", "text": "CHOUTUPPAL (NALGONDA): Local residents backed by opposition political parties staged a dharna and obstructed traffic on National Highway 65 here on Friday to protest collection of toll without the contractor keeping the promise to provide employment to the villagers and laying of service road etc. The situation turned worse with students joining the agitation following the cancellation of APSRTC buses on this route.Three toll plazas have come up at Patangi in Choutuppal mandal, Korlapahad in Ketepalli mandal in Nalgonda district and at Bheemavaram in Vatsavayi mandal of Krishna district on the 272 km Vijayawada-Hyderabad national highway now renamed NH-65. On Friday morning, the protesters, backed by the CPM and TDP, came on to the roads near all the toll plazas and disrupted the traffic.The GMR group, which is the management of the toll plaza, began collecting toll from Thursday. \"GMR assured jobs for the locals in the toll plazas. But that has not happened,\" TDP leader Kanchar Bhupal Reddy alleged.As per the agreement reached with the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI), GMR Hyderabad-Vijayawada Expressways Ltd executed the four/six-lane works in a stretch of 181.5 km on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis with a concession period of 25 years.Sources said 95% of the works have been completed as per the terms of the contract with GMR Hyderabad-Vijayawada Expressways Ltd, Punj Lloyd . The companies were to develop 116.5 km stretch on engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) basis.Vehicles are classified into five categories for collecting toll. Two, three-wheelers and tractors used for agriculture purposes would be exempted from the fee, while 25% concession would be given to vehicles traveling on both sides of the highway the same day. At present, cars have to pay a toll of Rs 65, while the toll for buses and lorries range between Rs 165 to 185.The locals have been objecting since the time authorities proposed a toll plaza near Bhimaram Gattu. The protests took a serious turn after the contractor launched the toll collection operations from Thursday.Vehicle users opposed the collection on the ground that the works on the four-lane highway were not yet completed. Drivers of several vehicles got into an argument with the toll staff when they were asked to pay up.Issuing toll tickets manually also raised the suspicion of the drivers that the staff was collecting the fee without any authorisation. The staff later on explained that they were collecting toll only after getting clearance from higher authorities and there was nothing illegal about it. Meanwhile, students from nearby villages of Bhimaravam Gattu reached the toll plaza and staged a dharna on the highway demanding the scrapping of toll for buses. Sources said that APSRTC cancelled several services that were en route on Friday. Although, the APSRTC is collecting Rs 3 toll surcharge from each passenger, the authorities said that the new toll at Bhimaram Gattu would have an additional burden on the corporation as it was the second toll within the district (Keesara and Gattu) and fourth between Vijayawada-Hyderabad. There are three other toll plazas on the highway at Keesara, Paatangi and Korlapahad.\"We are operating nearly 175 buses daily on the route and the round trip of each service would mean an additional burden of Rs 550 which comes up to Rs 1 lakh per day for all the buses,\" a senior official of APSRTC said. While APSRTC would be shelling out Rs 1,192 for round trip to cross all the four tolls at the rate of Rs 298 toll for a trip, the public sector giant is collecting just Rs 3 per passenger for each toll plaza.RTC officials fear that the burden could increase in case the occupancy rate dipped. TDP leader Vallabhaneni Vamsi critised the Centre for allowing two toll plazas within Krishna district resulting in heavy burden on the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718810", "title": "Gujarati Sahitya Parishad's Gyan Satra begins at VNSGU", "text": "SURAT: Gyan Satra, a three-day literature festival of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, began at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) on Friday morning. It is the first time that a university is hosting this festival.Prominent Gujarati writer and president of the Parishad, Varsha Adalaja said in her address, \"Literature is created to make human life more beautiful and shining. There is no meaning in literature unless there is an element of life in it.\"Well-known Hindi poet Ashok Bajpai while terming the event as unique said, \"While there are Sahitya Parishads for other languages as well, it is only the Gujarati language that clubs literature with gyan (knowledge).\"Those attending the event include writers and poets like Raghuvir Chaudhary, Anila Dalal and Bhagwati Kumar Sharma along with well known film maker Govind Sariya.During the event, writers, poets and critics will be deliberating at length on different literary issues. The people from Surat would get an opportunity to listen to writers like Gunwant Vyas, Ila Arab Mehta, Vikram Chaudhary, Daksha Vyas and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "raxaul", "code": "17714347", "title": "'Indo-Nepal ties based on trust'", "text": "RAXAUL: The Indian ambassador to Nepal, Jayant Prasad, on Thursday said India and Nepal, both sovereign nations, share friendly relations. Mutual respect, trust and cultural heritage are common factors binding their close and sweet relationship. \"The Nepalese are very close to our hearts,\" the Indian ambassador said.On Thursday, Prasad inaugurated the buildings of two newly-constructed middle schools at Alau and Bahuari in Parsa district of Nepal near the Indo-Nepal border. These middle school buildings were constructed at a cost of Rs 5 crore (Nepali currency) by Indian aid under the Nepal-India economic co-operation programme. The Indian ambassador said these schools would get assistance to open hi-tech science laboratories for the students, besides which an engineering college will be opened soon at Birganj, the second commercial city of Nepal, by the Indian government.India recognizes the importance of acceleration, economic rehabilitation and development in Nepal and remains committed to rendering all possible assistance in this direction. \"These development-related schemes undertaken in response to local needs and in partnership with the government of Nepal are in the sectors of education, health and infrastructure, although the Indian government is ready to start welfare schemes in any field in Nepal,\" he added. Prasad further said that pucca roads along 605 km is going to be constructed in the terai region of Parsa district besides which 1,000 km link roads will be constructed in other terai districts of Nepal by Indian assistance for better communication in rural Nepal.The inaugural function was also addressed by chief district officer of Parsa Kailash Bajmey, former minister Durgadevi Mahato, former MPs Karina Begam and Om Prakash Sharma and others who praised India's role in the development of Nepal. Earlier, Prasad was accorded red carpet welcome by citizens and students.Prasad also inspected the construction sites of integrated customs checkposts at Birganj in Nepal and Raxaul in India which are being constructed by Indian aid for better and speedy trade transit on both sides of the international border. Prasad said only 25% work at Birganj and 45% work at Raxaul has been completed which is not satisfactory. He asked the contractors to complete the work as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715311", "title": "Govt boost for traditional occupations", "text": "PANAJI: Looking to encourage Goans engaged in traditional professions, the social welfare department of the state government has notified a scheme to grant monthly financial assistance to such persons. Under the scheme, 1,000 shall be provided by the government every month to them, though DSSS beneficiaries will be ineligible.The applicant has to be Goan or of Goan origin and the family income of the applicant from all sources should not exceed 1.50 lakh. The applicants have to be over 50 years of age and should have a valid registration certificate from the competent authority of the traditional business activity undertaken by the applicant. The applicant should be engaged in the traditional occupation for at least 10 years before applying for this scheme.Traditional occupations that are eligible for the assistance include bangle making (kankankars); oil extraction (ghanekar); bead and stone necklace work (piddukkars, vanjaris); local pyrotechnicians and fireworks specialists; coconut pluckers; plantation workers; lime makers; toy makers and pot maker (kumbhar); canoe builders (vodekar, vode karapi); subsistence floriculture (fulkars); bamboocraft and canecraft; ironsmiths (lohar, mest); coconut toddytappers (render); beam makers (vanshekar); coconut husk rope (razu) makers; matted coconut leaves makers (mollankars); carpentry (chari, suttar, mestri, panchal); pottery (kumbhar, shet, shetkar); copper, bronze, brass and tinsmiths; broommakers (sanni/khuttaro karpi); salt producers (mithkar, agarkar); barber (mhalo); puffered rice maker (chirmulyo, fov karpi/kandpi); cobblers (shoe making, repairing); idol makers, sculptor (murtikar); laundry work (madval); producers of vinegar, local pickles, papads; local sweet makers (khajekars); local gram sellers (chanekar); local bakers, confectioners (poders); tailors, dress, costume makers and designers; motorcycle pilots; sausages maker (choriskar); and traditional fishermen (ramponkar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17715291", "title": "Miscreants set haystack on fire at Balli", "text": "MARGAO: Miscreants allegedly set afire a haystack in a field in Balli, Quepem, causing a loss of 50,000 to the owner.Guno Shaba Velip, a resident of Balli, Quepem, in a complaint to the Cuncolim police stated that on November 19 four persons, whom he has named in his complaint set fire to the dry grass between 6pm to 10pm in his field.He had stacked the grass in his field about a fortnight back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713989", "title": "Accreditation of all higher education institutes to be made mandatory from 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accreditation for all higher educational institutions will be made mandatory from next year. With the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority (NARA) bill hanging fire for the last two years, the human resource development (HRD) ministry is planning to make accreditation mandatory for public and private institutions through executive order to continue with the reform process.Accreditation of educational institutions will help students assess the quality of programmes and courses, physical infrastructure and faculty. At present, only a fraction -- about 15% institutions -- are accredited.HRD minister M M Pallam Raju said both Universities Grants Commission (UGC) and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) have been tasked with preparing benchmarks for the accreditation process. In fact, the ministry will be writing to state governments to establish accreditation agencies that will inspect institutions on these regulatory benchmarks.AICTE has also been asked to set up another accreditation agency \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Indian Board of Accreditation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that will assist the existing National Board of Accreditation in inspections of institutions. \"There was need felt for a new accreditation body and AICTE will set up the IBA by February,\" Raju said.AICTE has under it 3,800 technical institutions, 3,700 management institutions, 3,500 polytechnics, 240 hotel management institutions and 60 applied art institutions. These institutions approach AICTE every year for either renewal of their accreditation or for introduction of new disciplines or other expansion plans. There are 60,000 programmes that are accredited under AICTE at present.\"There is a long pendency already and once the process is made mandatory, the waiting period will only increase. We have to build our capacity before that,\" AICTE chairman Prof S S Mantha said.Under the NARA bill, existing universities will be given six years to complete the accreditation process while new universities will be allowed to complete teaching two batches of students. However, it remains unclear how the government will succeed in enforcing the accreditation process through rules.HRD ministry officials said that under the UGC Act, the commission was empowered to shut down a department if there was non-compliance. However, that has not been done so far.Times viewThe fact that the government is taking steps to regulate technical and vocational education more rigorously is welcome. Education is a sector that serves a very vital need and families spend huge sums of money in getting their children a decent education. Often, they borrow to put them through a professional course.It is, therefore, absolutely essential that they have some assurance of the quality of education they can expect to get. The real test of the proposed accreditation system, however, will lie in its implementation. It must not be allowed to become just another way for corrupt officials to make money, in the process jeopardizing the future of millions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715152", "title": "Congress to reconstitute all dist-level committees", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following a meeting of the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee with AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , the Congress has decided to dissolve and reconstitute all district-level committees of the party with immediate effect. According to sources, Rahul met a 17-member delegation of the state Congress unit, which included UPCC chief Nirmal Khatri and zonal chiefs and vice-presidents and directed the state leadership to implement the decision within the next fortnight.The decision was taken after several zonal heads complained of growing indiscipline within the party ranks, which resulted in the Congress's dismal performance in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections in March 2012, added sources. Despite sustained campaigns by Rahul across the state, the party was able to win only 28 seats in the state assembly. Though the party's leadership had defended their performance, arguing that the vote share had increased marginally over the previous assembly elections to 11.65%, large-scale dissatisfaction in the lower ranks of the party resulted in the party being trounced.\"There were many district heads, who campaigned against our candidates during the assembly elections. This worked against the party in many places. To keep such indiscipline in check, the committees will be now reconstituted. Those who have done well will be reappointed,\" said a senior party functionary who was present at the meeting.The strategy meet of the UPCC, which followed close on the heels of party's rout in the Gujarat assembly elections, was convened to find ways to strengthen the party's structure in UP and improve its performance in the imminent Lok Sabha polls. Apart from turning in recommendations for the new district-level committees, the UPCC delegation also discussed party's plans ahead of the delegate meet scheduled on December 26. Apart from senior AICC members and UP in-charge Digvijaya Singh, at least one representative of the Gandhi family - Rahul or Congress president Sonia Gandhi is expected to participate in the party's FDI rally in Mathura on December 30. A senior leader said, \"Though it is uncertain who will attend, at least one of the two Gandhi's will be present at the rally. This is an issue of national importance and the Congress is doing everything to bring the people on board.\"Curiously, though Congress has been working hard to garner support on several contentious issues, including FDI and the constitutional amendment to allow reservation in promotions for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, there's growing dissent against the bill within the party ranks. Earlier in the week, Congress MLA from Banda, Vivek Singh spoke against the motion saying if passed, it would give double benefits to people who had already sought jobs on reserved seats and was, therefore, entirely unfair for the backward and upper caste people. Speaking to TOI, Singh said, \"My opposition to the quota bill is my personal view. I am against reservation in promotions, because it is in direct opposition to the interest of my voters. As a result, I am not afraid to say that I will vote against such a motion in the assembly if such similar bill is tabled here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714492", "title": "Lucky 4 from Bangalore get a feel of Japan", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a much-awaited trip to Japan for a group of four students from Bangalore. They were selected by the HRD ministry and the Japanese government under student/youth exchange programme JENESYS 2012.Udiksha Nagaraj and Komal Sri from Jain College in Jayanagar; Sushma I from KV, IISc, and Anand Murali from KV, Malleswaram, were the lucky four from the city.Some 92 students and eight teachers from across the country were part of the 10-day trip from November 19. The schedule included visits to research institutes, museums and the disaster-struck area of Fukushima. The students got a chance to interact with Japanese students, enrich their cultural experiences during their homestays and visits to traditional cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713192", "title": "Mother of four sedated and raped, two held", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another ghastly incident in the city targeting its women, a 40-year-old mother of four was allegedly gang raped by three men after she was sedated. The incident was reported on December 19 from the Welcome area in northeast Delhi. Two people have been arrested and a case registered. The accused include the father of a rape victim whom she had helped get justice. \"It was the victim's statement that helped the prosecution obtain a 10-year conviction,\" said a senior police officer.According to police, the woman, who worked in a factory, is originally a resident of Loni in Ghaziabad. She recently lost her husband and is unemployed at present. \"She was staying at Janta Colony. She quit her job a few months ago. During this time, she met Gaffar whose daughter worked with her at the factory.\"Gafar's daughter was raped in the factory by the employers and the victim became a key witness in the case. It was her statement that earned the accused a conviction of 10 years RI. Gafar was initially grateful to the victim and the two became friends,'' said an investigating officer.On the night of December 19, the accused had met Gafar and two of his friends - Alam and Rezaful - at her residence. \"The woman has alleged that they spiked her food and sedated her after which they took turns to rape her. We received the complaint the next morning and sent the complainant to GTB Hospital for medical examination. When rape was confirmed, we registered the case and raided several places. We arrested two of the accused from northeast Delhi and adjoining areas. We are raiding several other places in order to nab the last man,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17718016", "title": "Newly elected Himachal MLA booked for murder, on the run", "text": "SHIMLA: Ahead of the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meeting on Saturday to elect Himachal Pradesh's next chief minister, one of the party's newly elected legislators has gone underground after being booked in a murder case.Ram Kumar Chaudhary, a first-time MLA from Doon constituency in Solan district, is one of the four suspects in the murder of a 24-year-old woman in Panchkula in Haryana Nov 22.\"Police raided his (Chaudhary's) house in Sandholi (near Baddi) and other places today (Saturday) but he managed to evade arrest. He and other accused have not been joining investigations for quite some time,\" superintendent of police S Arul said.Arul said arrest warrants against all the four accused, booked under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code, were issued on Friday.The murdered woman's father Butti Ram had lodged a police complaint alleging Chaudhary was in touch with his daughter.The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed Haryana Police to expedite the probe.Congress leaders said Chaudhary had not contacted any senior party leader and was unlikely to attend the CLP meeting in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714376", "title": "Move to seize liquor mafia property begins", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Police have written to the state government to seize the properties of liquor mafia dons following the death of more than 50 people, mostly the poor, from illicit liquor in various regions across the state.The process, which has CM Nitish Kumar's approval, has been launched to confiscate the properties of over half a dozen mafia dons, including three in Muzaffarpur district. \"The police headquarters has sent its proposal to the state government,\" DGP Abhayanand told IANS.He said it was a part of the strategy to hit those involved in illegal liquor to prevent hooch tragedies.Among those being targeted are three Muzaffarpur-based men, including Vishwanath Shah, Gaya's Mantu Yadav and Bhojpur's Sanjay Singh.\"Police have already prepared a list of liquor mafia dons whose property would be confiscated in Bhojpur, Gaya, Munger and Madhubani districts and the process has started for it,\" another police official said.An official in the chief minister's office said Nitish Kumar had given the go ahead. Earlier this week, Nitish Kumar said strong legal action would be taken against those involved in the illegal liquor business, including confiscation of their properties under the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act and the Excise Act.Excise department officials estimate that the illegal liquor business costs the state exchequer about Rs 200 crore a year. This is the first time that a move to confiscate the properties of liquor mafia has been initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715077", "title": "Students demand emergency helpline", "text": "PUNE: Students of city based MIT School of Government took out a rally in the city on Friday to condemn the Delhi rape that has led to an outcry across the country. Around 450 students participated in the silent march starting from the college to Nal stop.The students demanded that a helpline number for quick action in case of emergency be set up. The helpline should be equipped with a special team of police officials who can react immediately, they said.Students carried posters condemning the attack on the young girl in Delhi who is still battling for her life. After the march, the students said that such incidents are a blot on the country and its administrative system. \"If the capital of the country cannot provide sufficient safety measures for women , how bad it would be in other parts of the country,\" a student said. Such incidents also damage the image of the country across the globe, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718558", "title": "Urban voters support CM's development mode", "text": "SURAT: On Thursday, the urban middle class in south Gujarat underlined their affiliation with chief minister Narendra Modi by electing BJP candidates with thumping majority. The voters made it clear that they subscribed to the Modi mode of development and embraced his party. The region has seen a considerable rise in the BJP's vote share among the urban voters.If the figure was about 60 per cent in the previous polls, it has risen by almost eight per cent this time in Surat city. The majority of youths, including those from Leuva Patel and minority communities, seem to have supported the BJP. The victory margins on seats like Majura, Choryasi, Surat (West), Karanj, Olpad and even the lead enjoyed by BJP's Ranjit Gilitwala in minority dominated Surat (East) constituency is a clear indicator of the urban middle class' affinity with the BJP.In constituencies dominated by Leuva Patels and Saurashtrian Patidars like Karanj, Varachha, Katargam and Kamrej, the magic of former GPP president Keshubhai Patel and even the Khodaldham congregations failed to work. In Katargam, the BJP's Nanubhai Vanani lead over Nandlal Pandav of the Congress was insurmountable right from the time the counting began. Similarly, on Karanj seat, Janak Bagdanawala of the BJP trounced Jaysukh Jhalavadia of the Congress.A novice in politics, BJP's Harsh Sanghavi won the Majura seat by over 72,000 votes by defeating Dhanpat Jain of Congress. tnn Jain said, \"We misread the mood of the people. While voters might not have wanted some BJP candidates to win, everyone wanted Narendra Modi to win.\"The vote share of Congress, which stood at about 40 per cent during last year's civic body elections, has dipped to around 32 per cent in the city areas. No other political party including the GPP has been able to obtain even one per cent of the total votes polled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17714848", "title": "SP will not let Lok Sabha debate on quota bill, says Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday said his party will not allow the debate on reservation in promotion bill in the Lok Sabha. He said the party will strongly oppose the bill even if SP MPs were expelled from the House. The SP leader's statement came while addressing wrestlers and sportsperson at Safai Mahotsav.Mulayam's statement came a day after the Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati accused the UPA government of stalling the passage of quota in the winter session of Parliament. \"The Centre has only staged a drama. When the copy of the bill was snatched by the SP MPs on Wednesday, they should have suspended the MPs concerned and used marshals to restore order in the House. But they did not do it because they never wanted to,\" Mayawati had said on Thursday.He said SP had made its stance clear since the bill was tabled in the monsoon session. \"We will not allow the Bill to be passed by the Lok Sabha no matter what. Those who are in favour of the bill will be taught a lesson by the people in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" Mulayam said.The SP president said the bill, if passed, will lead to utter chaos in the government departments. \"Imagine a clerk, who is a fresher, will become the boss of his section officer and it will happen across the hierarchy. At present, promotion is based on the number of years in service. If the bill is passed, the qualification in terms of years spent on service will became redundant. A novice in office affairs will become the boss the employees much senior to him, overnight. How can that be allowed,\" Mulayam said.The SP chief accused the political parties supporting the bill of vote bank politics. He said the bill was not only a matter of concern for the government employees in Uttar Pradesh but for the public servants across the country. \"It is only for the sake of vote bank politics that the political parties have supported the bill in Rajya Sabha. We knew we did not have the numbers there. Still we stood against it, determined to prove our point which we eventually did in the Lok Sabha,\" he said.On Wednesday, SP MP Yashvir Singh had snatched the copy of quota in promotion bill from minister V Narayanasamy when the latter started reading its content in the Lok Sabha. The incident led to commotion in the House and it was adjourned after parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath had told the House that he would urge the Speaker to take action against the erring SP MP. Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar on Thursday said the SP MP had expressed regret over the incident.Meanwhile, addressing sportspersons in Saifai, Mulayam said discipline in general and wrestling in particular, can bring about a change in one's life. He said the spirit of wrestling helps one to build up his determination to stand for what he thinks is right. Olympian Sushil Kumar was the guest of honour at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713926", "title": "Girl power: Protesters lay siege to Prez house, MHA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friday morning saw a group of 200 women march right up to the gates of Rashtrapati Bhavan in protest against the gang rape. Waving banners and shouting slogans, these women from DU and JNU started from Rail Bhavan towards India Gate; but they changed track and landed at the North Block.They tried to enter the building, seeking answers from the home minister. Soon, many men joined the assembly too. Cops barred their entry. At this, the group moved towards the Rashtrapati Bhavan where they were stopped again. They blocked the main gate and started demanding justice for the 23-year-old victim. Security personnel, seemingly at their wits' end, managed to persuade the group to turn back towards India Gate; but there was another large group of women that landed right there, right then. And this group started banging at the iron gates of the Presidential palace demanding justice.Swati, a student, managed to slip past the gates; but cops posted inside the compound intercepted her and whisked her away. All worked up, Swati later said, \"They do nothing to protect us, and when we want justice, they say we need permission to enter the President's house. Such a crime has occurred and they expect us to seek permission to protest.\"The women made another bid to march towards Raisina Hill from India Gate and blocked traffic on Vijay Chowk. This time they were detained and taken to Mandir Marg police station.The action soon shifted to 10 Janpath where Aam Admi Party (AAP) workers and their supporters laid siege. By evening, three members - Santosh Kohli, Vandana Singh and Sarita Singh - were allowed to enter the heavily-guarded residence of UPA chief Sonia Gandhi. But the Congrer supremo did not meet them. Later, Congress treasurer Motilal Vohra assured them that a fast track court would be set up for speedy justice. However, no such long term assurance came from the veteran leader.But later in the evening, about 50 youngsters arrived at the scene, demanding audience with the UPA chief. While cops tried to detain half of them, the other half quickly went ahead and lay down in front of the police bus. The protesters were freed, and they continued to protest outside Sonia's residence. \"We will demand an explanation from Sonia Gandhi for the security lapse that led to this horrific crime on Sunday. We had a brief scuffle with the cops too,\" said Amit Saharan, who was protesting. However, the youths were not accompanied by Arvind Kejriwal or Manish Sisodia.AAP had also organized a protest at Jantar Mantar where over a hundred people participated. Several relatives of sexual abuse victims also joined to express solidarity with the 23-year-old woman who is battling for life at Safdarjung Hospital. Most of them said whenever a rapist goes scot-free it adds insult to the injury.Mongolpuri resident Himangshu's 14-year-old sister was gang-raped on December 4. He lost his peace of mind ever since, he said. \"She had gone to buy a notebook from a shop. The shopkeeper called her inside, called three other people in and pulled the shutters down. They raped her. When we went to the police station, they were very reluctant to file a case. It was only after medical tests confirmed rape did they arrest the rapists. But one of them immediately got bail,\" Himangshu said, adding that his family has stopped going out of the house.Salma (name changed) was horrified when her four-year-old daughter's 50-year-old tutor raped the child. \"My husband and I frantically called 100 but no PCR van was sent. When cops finally arrived, they refused to take down our complaint,\" said Salma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17718412", "title": "Indian squad for Pakistan series to be picked on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: National cricket selectors will meet on Sunday to pick the Indian squad for the limited-overs series against Pakistan amid speculation that struggling senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar has made himself available for ODI selection.The panel, headed by Sandeep Patil, will be meeting for the first time after the humiliating Test debacle against England.The T20 matches against Pakistan are scheduled on December 25 and 28 in Bangalore and Ahmedabad respectively and the squad is unlikely to see many changes from the one playing against England in a T20 rubber that concludes on Saturday.It is the ODI squad that would draw more attention as there are unconfirmed reports that Tendulkar has made himself available for the three-match rubber starting in Chennai on December 30.The senior cricketer had been part of the last ODI squad during the failed campaign in Bangladesh in the Asia Cup where he completed his unprecedented feat of 100 international hundreds.Tendulkar, whose retirement has been speculated endlessly in the media and by former cricketers, has been in and out of ODIs in the last few years by choice, but with his form dipping in Tests, the 39-year-old could be eager to rediscover his successful run through the 50-over game for the upcoming four-match Test rubber at home against Australia.The second and third one-day games against Pakistan are to be held in Kolkata on January 3 followed by the last game on January 6 in the Capital.This three-match series will be followed by the five-match ODI rubber against England that commences on January 11 at Rajkot. The tourists will return to India after taking a break for Christmas and New Year.The other four games are to be held at Kochi (January 15), Ranchi (January 19), Mohali (January 23) and Dharamsala (January 27).The other focus in the selection meeting would be captaincy and as per current indications, Mahendra Singh Dhoni is expected to keep his job though his success record in the ODI format too, like the one in Tests, has taken a steep dip after he piloted the country to the World Cup title last year.India have had mixed results since that heady April 2, 2011 day in Mumbai with the reversals coming in England, Australia and in the Asia Cup in Bangladesh.Zaheer Khan is another senior cricketer who is battling fitness concerns and dipping form in international cricket. He is playing for Mumbai in the Ranji game against MP at Indore from today and it remains to be seen whether the selectors will pick him for the ODIs against Pakistan and later England.The other point of interest in the selection would be Virender Sehwag who opted out of the Twenty20 series against England. It is not known whether he has declared himself available to play in the T20 format against Pakistan that follows in three days' time.A number of T20 squad members are likely to gain selection for the 50-over series against Pakistan too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17714344", "title": "Jeweller shot at in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: Some motorbike-borne unidentified persons shot at and injured a jeweller in Bhatta Bazar under Sahayak police station in Purnia town late on Thursday night. Ashok Kumar, the owner of Shitla Jewellery shop in Bhatta Bazar in Purnia town, wound up the day's business and closed down his shop around 8.30 pm on Thursday night. Before reaching home at Durgabari, he stopped at betel shop near his residence when some motorbike-borne unidentified persons pumped bullet in the left side of his heart, police said.The injured jeweller was immediately rushed to Sadar hospital. He was later shifted to Patna on the advice of local doctors as the bullet is still stuck up in his chest, Purnia Sahayak police station SHO said.Purnia additional SP Dipak Burnwal told TOI on Friday that the injured jeweller was out of danger. The shooting incident was a fall-out of some personal rivalry, he added. No one has, however, been arrested so far, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719443", "title": "Ranchi police solve 75% cases in 2012", "text": "RANCHI: Rape cases are on the rise in Ranchi with 39 incidents reported till November 2012. But the district police have acted with alacrity to solve 75% of the cases registered till September this year and file chargesheets in court.Some of the cases where chargesheets have been filed were critical and made national headlines. The January 6 incident, where a 13-year-old girl was raped by her neighbour in Jagganathpur, was one such case. Four boys, one of whom had raped the girl when her parents were away, were arrested.Another incident, where a 27-year-old woman from Deoghar was raped by a banker in Argora on March 4, made ripples in the locality. That the woman was called for interview to Ranchi by a zonal manager who was posted in Dhanbad made the case complicated. Chargesheet has been filed in this case too.All the 11 rape cases reported till April 10, 2012, have been solved by police and chargesheets have been filed. However, the police are yet to file chargesheets in eight of the total cases reported till September 2012. Investigation is on into seven rape cases, which have been reported in the last two months. Of the 39 cases reported till November this year, 15 cases remain unsolved.\"Investigations are on in all the remaining cases and chargesheets would be filed after the investigation is complete,\" said Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh.The alleged gang rape of a middle-aged woman who was later dumped near Harmoo maidan is still unsolved. An FIR was lodged against the unknown rapists. The lady was allegedly waylaid by a group of auto drivers who took her to Harmoo maidan and took turns to rape her. The lady, who was writhing in pain throughout the night, had succumbed to her injuries in the morning.Officer in-charge of Argora police station Pradeep Kumar Das said, \"The case is still being investigated. No arrest has been made in the case.\" Das, however, said the postmortem report has not confirmed rape. All the seven rape cases reported in October 2012 are being investigated. \"Lack of co-operation from people concerned in most of the cases causes delay in investigation,\" said a police officer without giving his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714431", "title": "All medical waste isn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t segregated", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's worst-kept secret has been confirmed. A chunk of Bangalore's untreated medical waste from clinics, nursing homes and hospitals is dumped in landfills.More shocking is there's no data on the quantum of medical waste that Bangalore generates everyday. The BBMP data says Bangalore produces 9.524 tonnes of medical waste every day, but the sheer number of hospitals and private clinics disputes the figure.Dr H Paramesh, former president of Private Hospitals' and Nursing Homes' Association, Bangalore, says biomedical waste accounts for 2% of the total waste. Extrapolated, the city produces no less than 80 tonnes of biomedical waste (the total is about 4,000 tonnes) every day.The doctor quoted a recent Detroit study to say that \"2% of the waste produced in a 3,000-bed hospital will be biomedical waste''.According to BBMP statistics, the two agencies signed up to scientifically process the biomedical waste handle 285.74 tonnes of hazardous waste every month. Or, 9.524 tonnes every day. What about the rest 70 tonnes of biomedical waste that's generated every day? They're dumped in the landfills at Mandur, Doddaballapur and S Bhangipura where the BBMP's contractors dump mixed waste.\"Bangalore's bed strength is 25,000, including those of private hospitals. It's unlikely that we produce only 10 tonnes of biomedical waste. This means not every hospital is handing over the waste to the civic agencies,\" Dr Paramesh said.BBMP chief medical officer Dr Devaki Umesh said many hospitals pass on biomedical waste to solid waste management contractors. \"I've instructed my staff to inspect hospitals in their jurisdiction to measure the biomedical waste and study their disposal mechanism,\" she said.She said if the hospitals exceed the waste limit, they send the rest with the municipal solid waste so that they don't have to pay more to the clearing agencies. No wonder the biomedical waste is getting mixed with the rest of the garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713140", "title": "HC to rule on rapist-murderer on death row", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after a minor girl was raped and killed, the Bombay high court is set to decide whether to confirm the death penalty awarded to her rapist and murderer Raju Paswan, 22. A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode, which took up the case earlier this week, has scheduled it for hearing on January 7, 2013.The court will hear the state's plea to confirm the death sentence awarded by a trial court in June 2012, as well as Paswan's appeal against his conviction. Additional sessions judge of Sangli, V V Kankanwadi, while holding Paswan guilty of rape and murder said that such convicts do not deserve leniency.\"When cases (of rape and murder) are rampant, it should give a message to the society that such heinous crimes would result in extreme punishment,\" said the judge. \"There are villages where innocent girls go alone on the road and also to the schools, which are far away from their residence. Their residence may be in a farm. It will be difficult then for girls and women to freely move on the road.\"Paswan's young age did not sway the court. \"At such a young age he has committed a heinous crime. Therefore, it can be said that he is a menace to the society. There is no chance of reforms/improvements in him. He does not deserve any leniency. The social impact of the case is also required to be considered,\" ruled the judge.Paswan used to work in the factory owned by the victim's father. According to the prosecution, on June 21, 2010, Paswan took the girl, a Class IV student, away with him when she was on her way to the local ashram school. The victim's father realized his daughter was missing when he went to fetch her from school. The residents of the area launched a search and were told that someone had seen Paswan with the girl. Paswan was nabbed by the villagers and the police. He allegedly told the police that he had raped her and thrown her body in a well. Medical evidence revealed that death could have occurred at the time of intercourse when the accused had pressed her mouth, because of which blood exited from her nose.Paswan in his defence claimed that he was falsely implicated as he was from Bihar and there was an agitation against north Indians. \"The scale of justice tilts only against the accused,\" said the trial judge while sentencing Paswan to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715669", "title": "Business body bats for Singur settlement", "text": "KOLKATA: The state's premier industry chamber has urged the Mamata Banerjee government to seek an out-of-court settlement with the Tatas in Singur, the request coming less than a week after Ratan Tata's hint that the company's presence in the deserted Nano compound was still possible.\"We believe it would be in the best interest of our state to work on a rapprochement with the professional and powerful Tata group,\" Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry chief Kallol Datta said on Friday . \"It is our belief that this would dramatically change the perception about West Bengal as an investment-friendly destination in the eyes of prospective investors,\" he added.The chamber has also drafted a letter, addressed to industries minister Partha Chatterjee, saying it appeared from media reports the Tatas seemed interested in sorting out the Singur imbroglio on mutual terms. The minister refused to receive the letter from Datta because it's a sensitive issue involving a policy matter, sources said.The legal dispute has not come in the way of the Tatas taking up expansion plans for its IT arm, Tata Consultancy Services, in the state. Tata Steel subsidiary Tata Metalliks , too, is expanding its unit in Kharagpur . Bengal's industry captains see these as positive gestures and now look up to the CM to reciprocate on the Singur front.Assocham backs BCC on SingurIndustry body Assocham endorsed the Bengal chamber's view and suggested an out-of-court settlement but others like Ficci, the Indian Chamber of Commerce and the MCC Chamber of Commerce reserved comment on the sub-judice matter. \"The initiative to settle the dispute with Tatas will boost the state's image,\" said Assocham secretary general D S Rawat.Their views are in sync with senior lawyer Samaraditya Pal's appeal to the state government in June this year to seek an out-of-court settlement with the Tatas. The appeal was made on the same day the division bench of the Calcutta high court termed the Singur Development and Rehabilitation Act \"unconstitutional\" .Even as senior ministers refused to comment, rebel Trinamool Singur MLA and the man who led the land stir from the front, Rabindranath Bhattacharya , welcomed the Bengal chamber's suggestion. \"I had said earlier that the government should settle the Singur matter with the Tatas outside court,\" the Singur 'mastermoshai' said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17715481", "title": "Haryana police reach out to girls, place drop boxes in schools for complaints", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana police have decided to reach out to girls in every school in the state to get their feedback and complaints about incidents of sexual abuse and harassment with them. The police, in association with the education department, will launch a special drive to interact with the girls. They also plan to place feedback boxes in each school for girls to drop their complaints into them.The feedback from girls of six government schools in Rewari has stirred the police into action. During a special campaign undertaken earlier this week, around 30 girls had written about their being sexually harassed and teased at home and outside.The drive was started by SSP Bharti Arora. Following the feedback, Child Sex Abuse Prevention Committee (CSAPC) has been set up to redress the complaints. The committee asked the girls to give their complaints in writing without mentioning their names and drop them in complaint boxes.Haryana DGP Shriniwas Vashisht told TOI that it was an awareness campaign which was launched in Rewari district and would gradually be taken up across the state in cooperation with the education department. \"During the awareness camp, the CSAPC urges the children to provide feedback and complaints, whether they are facing kinds of problems at home or outside. Since children are unable to share such experiences openly, we ask them to drop their feedback, by writing it on paper, in the complaint boxes without mentioning their names. After completing this survey, the police will follow it up with more corrective measures,\" he said.Pawan Kumar, a teacher who is a member of CSAPC in Rewari, said they had covered over 30 schools in the district and received feedback from over 400 girl students, of which 30 were of serious nature. The campaign is still underway in other schools of the district.Rohtak police started a similar campaign from Friday. A team of police led by DSP Dharna Yadav visited two schools and put feedback boxes there. \"We have just started the drive and would collect the feedback in the next few days,\" she said. Rohtak district education officer Jagbir Singh Malik said he had written to all the block education officers to carry out the campaign in each school of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714010", "title": "Marathi theatre fest opens today", "text": "MUMBAI: The 93rd Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Natya Sammelan\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the annual Marathi theatre festival\u00e2\u20ac\u201d opens on Saturday at Kavivarya Moropant Nagari in Baramati. The two-day event will be inaugurated by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar.However, theatre patrons are in for disappointment as theatre managements have decided not to stage any play on Saturday in Mumbai, Thane and Kalyan, following a request by the organizing committee.Pooja P, a theatre patron, laments,\"We were planning to watch a play at Shivaji Mandir in Dadar on Saturday but will now have to look for others modes of entertainment.\"Actor Vandana Gupte, a member of the committee, said, \"The intention is to enable Marathi theatre personalities to attend the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17713981", "title": "Govt fails to clear Anti Corruption Bureau's prosecution requests", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite a three-month deadline given by the Rajasthan high court, the state government failed to decide on ACB's prosecution requests against officials booked on corruption charges. The government admitted before a division bench on Friday that it could decide on only 39 such requests, while 190 cases were still pending since the court passed the order on September 3.The division bench of acting chief justice NK Jain (senior) and justice Meena V Gomber verbally expressed displeasure with the government, but have allowed further time with a new deadline to decide the pending requests by January 31, 2013. The bench ordered that if decisions were delayed beyond January 31, the state chief secretary should be present in court on February 1, 2013, for an explanation.Based on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by advocate PC Bhandari and court's suo motu cognisance on the issue, the high court had asked the state government to speed up decisions on prosecution requests sought by the ACB.Additional advocate general Inder Raj Saini informed the division bench on Friday that while 39 cases have been decided, four matters were pending before the high court. At the same time, Saini also admitted that 190 requests were also pending with the government. He pleaded the government was expediting the prosecution sanctions but the delay was due to the large number of departments involved in the process.A department-wise list of requests for prosecution sanctioned till August 31, 2012, was submitted in court during the last hearing in September. As per the list, maximum number of corruption cases (33) pending for prosecution sanction were in the personnel department, followed by the revenue department (27 cases) and the panchayati raj (24 cases).The ACB sources said that it faced maximum resistance for prosecution sanctions from the urban development and local bodies departments and the universities, even though the agency had concrete evidence against the officials held on graft charges.EomJaipur: Despite a three-month deadline given to it by the Rajasthan high court, the state government failed to decide on the anti-corruption bureau's (ACB) the prosecution requests against officials booked on corruption charges. The government admitted before a division bench on Friday that it could decide on only 39 such requests, while 190 cases were still pending with it since the court passed the order on September 3.The division bench of acting chief justice NK Jain (senior) and justice Meena V Gomber verbally expressed displeasure with the government, but allowed it further time with a new deadline to decide the pending requests by January 31, 2013. The bench ordered that if decisions were delayed beyond January 31, the state chief secretary should be present in court on February 1, 2013 for an explanation.Based on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an advocate PC Bhandari and court's suo motu cognisance on the issue, the high court had asked the state government to speed up decisions on prosecution requests sought by the ACB.Additional advocate general Inder Raj Saini informed the division bench on Friday that while 39 cases have been decided, four matters were pending before the high court. At the same time, Saini also admitted that 190 requests were also pending with the government. He pleaded the government was expediting the prosecution sanctions but the delay was due to large number of departments involved in the process.A department-wise list of requests for prosecution sanctioned till August 31, 2012 was submitted in court during the last hearing in September. As per the list, maximum number of corruption cases (33) pending for prosecution sanction was in the department of personnel, followed by the revenue department (27 cases) and the panchayati raj (24 cases).The ACB sources said that it faced maximum resistance for prosecution sanctions from the urban development and local bodies departments and the universities, even though the agency had concrete evidences against the officials held on graft charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715223", "title": "Lucknow takes chill pill as day temperature dips", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city recorded the coldest and most foggy day of this winter season on Friday, with both day and night temperatures plummeting below normal. While maximum temperature came down to 17.3 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal, the minimum was five degrees Celsius, three years below normal. The weather office has predicted similar conditions for next few days.The city had thick fog since morning which lasted till noon. However, a thin layer kept floating in the morning, which restricted the penetration of the sunrays, leading to drop in the day temperature. Cold wind added to the chill. In Met terminology, if maximum temperature is five degrees below normal, it is described as 'cold day' and when minimum temperature is five degrees below temperature, it is termed as 'coldwave'. On Saturday, the minimum temperature in the city is expected to remain around five degrees Celsius.Thick fog was also witnessed in northeast UP. As a result, the maximum temperature in Gorakhpur dropped to 13.8 degrees Celsius, 10 degrees below normal. Similar conditions prevailed in Bahraich and Lakhimpur Kehri. The day temperatures were 5-8 degrees below normal in Moradabad, Hardoi, Najibabad, Shahjahanpur, Kanpur, Ballia and Bareilly. Muzaffarnagar was the coldest in UP with 2.7 degrees Celsius followed by Najibabad with 3.5 degrees Celsius, Agra 4.2 degrees Celsius, Fatehgarh 5.3 degrees Celsius and Kanpur 5.4 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713977", "title": "2G chargesheet rattles bureaucrats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI chargesheet against former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh has shaken the civil service fraternity which has generally felt protected by the \"system\". Theoretically, this safety net is necessary for them to function without fear of reprisal from politicians, particularly if they are resisting unfair pressure from leaders.The chargesheet against Ghosh drew mixed reactions from serving 'babus'. While most of them refused to go on record, a section among them believes that there should be adequate protection for bureaucrats as they have to carry on with the 'orders' of their political masters whereas the other section thinks the officers of All India Services -- specifically from the elite IAS -- have enough powers to express their 'dissent' in official notes.\"This will demoralize senior officers,\" observed Naresh Chandra, former cabinet secretary. He said the problem has been sharpened because of the definition of \"misconduct\" in the Prevention of Corruption Act, where the civil servant could be charged even in the absence of any wrongful intent. \"This makes the law draconian for the bureaucrat,\" he said.On the other hand, a senior official said a minister cannot proceed unless bureaucrats support him -- sometimes by becoming complicit in corruption, or by ignoring the political master's decision/views as it may unnecessary unsettle him in his or her current posting.Another official said since there was sometimes a very thin line between 'deliberate' mistake or an 'inadvertent' error while taking decisions, the investigating agency should take care of this while charging any officer.\"Even protection under the provision to grant or reject prosecution sanction doesn't always save bureaucrats if something comes up after change of regime. Their dissent notes are the only protection in that case if the matter eventually comes in court,\" the officer said.Vishwa Ranjan, former DGP of Chhattisgarh said, \"If its a blatantly illegal order, a bureaucrat has no business to quietly sign on it. He should have pointed to its illegality by making notings on the relevant file. He could have eventually been overruled or ran the risk of being shunted out... but still, he would have been saved from prosecution for being party to an allegedly illegal decision.\"There is general agreement that the chargesheet against Ghosh has strong political intent behind it, which opens up another can of worms. As a result of increased activism by CVC and CAG, many upright bureaucrats now fear decisions, so that they don't get tarnished later.The issue is particularly severe in the economic ministries, or worse, natural resources. For instance, bidding for natural resources overseas has been severely depleted, because bureaucrats worry that a decision they take now on the basis of a certain set of facts could change later, but they would be judged by a different yardstick then. Most of them fear a loss of reputation.The flip side of this is that a bureaucrat's position is not really safe, because his/her position depends on the politician, who can order his transfer and settle postings. An honest or incorruptible official can be transferred so frequently as to almost break his spirit. Its therefore much easier to acquiesce to politicians' demands, said others.Having said this, though, it is almost a universal truth that the Indian bureaucracy is probably one of the most corrupt in the world, which is why a chargesheet against one doesn't evoke much sympathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719001", "title": "Yamudiki Mogudu gets U/A certificate", "text": "Allari Naresh's socio fantasy entertainer 'Yamudiki Mogudu' is gearing up for a release on December 28 and the film has completed the censor formalities with U/A certification from the censor Board.Richa Panai is playing the female lead in the movie while Shayaji Shinde will be seen as Lord Yama and actress Ramya Krishna is playing his wife. E.Satti Babu is wielding the megaphone for the movie while Chanti Addala has produced it.Koti composed the musical scores for the film. Though it was supposed to hit the big-screens on Dec 21, it was pushed by a week to December 28. Allari Naresh has recently scored a hit with Sudigadu film and let's hope he continues it with Yamudiki Mogudu.Source:www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kelly osbourne , who has ended up having one of the hottest bodies in hollywood after dropping over 60 lbs, has a secret tip that helped her shed the weight", "code": "17720091", "title": "Kelly Osbourne shares her secret for weight loss", "text": "Kelly Osbourne , who has ended up having one of the hottest bodies in Hollywood after dropping over 60 lbs, has a secret tip that helped her shed the weight: loving herself.\"People think I lost weight and that's what made me happier. That's not true: I had to learn to love myself first,\" Osbourne told Cosmopolitan Body, a spinoff of British Cosmopolitan magazine , in its latest issue.\"Losing weight was just one benefit of putting the hard work in and sorting myself out on the inside first through therapy,\" Osbourne, 28, says of her personal transformation, which involved losing more than 60 pounds.\"That was one of the scariest times of my life. I swear I've never felt more naked, because I had to actually be me and couldn't mask it.\"The co-host of E!'s Fashion Police, makes sure to exercise everyday -something she says has become positively addictive.\"When I started exercising I couldn't even do one sit-up,\" Osbourne said.\"By the end of the first week I could do three, and that was a big deal. Now I work out every day and I just don't feel good if I miss it. It's amazing how quickly your fitness builds, but you have to really want it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17719984", "title": "Sonu Nigam to perform live at Sayaji hotel", "text": "INDORE: Sayaji hotel in the city is getting gearing up to celebrate New Year with the performance of noted playback singer, Sonu Nigam. The bollywood singer, along with his troupe, is going to give a live performance at the hotel on New Year's eve. The event is scheduled 8.30 pm onwards at the hotel's Vrindavan Garden. This will be followed by grand fireworks show at 12.00 midnight said, hotel CEO Hitesh Varma, on Tuesday.ET-NOW award for CapitalVia;A financial markets research firm, CapitalVia, has bagged the ET Now-IndiaMART Leaders of Tomorrow awards 2012 at the grand finale. Union minister in-charge of commerce &amp; industry and textiles presented the award to Rohit Gadia, founder &amp; CEO of CapitalVia. He was felicitated by the chairman &amp; group CEO, Bharti Enterprises, Sunil Bharti Mittal.IIL inks JV with OAT: Insecticides (India) Ltd (IIL), an agro chemicals major having its presence in the state, has inked a JV with the Japanese firm, Oatsuka AgriTechno (OAT). The JV will set up a R&D; centre in Bhiwadi (Rajasthan) to invent new agro chemical molecules for global markets in the country, said vice president, corporate affairs of the firm PC Pabbi. Also, the firm has launched Japanese products Hakama and Pulsor in Madhya Pradesh, which was a major grower of soybean, groundnut &amp; cotton, early this year, he added.\"Nava Varana Pooja: South Indian Cultural Association (SICA) in collaboration with Indore Bhakta Samaj is conducting a \"Nava Varana Pooja and Maha Chandika Homam (Hawan) on December 22 and 23 respectively here at SICA Senior Secondary School No.2 in Scheme No.54.The 'Hawan' is conducted for the welfare of the state and its people. The president and chairman of SICA Education Trust K Srinivasan explained that the 'Havan' is being organized to prevent the incidents of crime that keep taking place in the city. South Indian pandits from Mumbai are performing the 'Havan.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17719575", "title": "Catholic schools organize per-Christmas celebrations", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Catholic schools in the city have already started their Christmas celebrations to mark the birth of Jesus Christ and welcome Santa Claus.Most of the schools are going to celebrate Christmas with different themes this year. Every nook and corner of the schools are being spruced up and decorated with neon lights, stars, Christmas trees and other decorative items. In many of the Catholic schools, bamboo tents are being installed to make cribs, symbolizing the birth of Jesus Christ.The notice boards of schools are beautifully decorated with articles, paintings, quotes, photographs and many handmade items contributed by the students. Though exams are going on in some schools, while some are having their winter vacation, it has not turned down the festive spirit of students.As the schools will be closed on Christmas Day , pre-Christmas celebrations are being organized in the Catholic schools. Students were seen rehearsing carols, skits and dances for their pre-Christmas and Christmas celebrations.Don Bosco School will organize its pre-Christmas celebrations on Friday. The school has also chalked out plans for Christmas Day. Talking to TOI, the rector and principal of the school, Antony Thekkel, said, \"This year, the theme of the Christmas celebrations is simplicity, peace and joy. Now-a-days people are becoming very materialistic and they should learn to lead a simple and joyous life.\"Hymns and Christmas carols will be sung in the school's pre-Christmas celebrations and a skit, dance performances will also be organized. Santa Claus will also make a special appearance and a get-together will be organized for the school staff. A programme will be arranged on Friday evening for underprivileged children studying in the evening school. On Christmas Day, there will be a midnight mass in the school church and children who come to the school on that day will be greeted with cakes and sweets, he added. A teacher of Little Flower School said, \"We celebrated Christmas on Thursday with a feast for teachers, distribution of gifts and sweets to children by Santa, skits showcasing the birth of Jesus Christ and games.\"The city's Holy Child School is celebrating Christmas with the theme of peace this year. The school is going to distribute clothes made by the students in their work experience class to the poor. Moreover, on Christmas Day, food will be distributed to the poor in the evening. As part of the celebration, a past pupil's meet will be organized on December 23. The principal of Saint Mary's School said, \"We organized pre-Christmas celebrations just after the exams got over. Santa Claus came and wished the children and distributed sweets. On Christmas, we will distribute food to the destitute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713927", "title": "Sewri attacker does not recollect incident", "text": "MUMBAI: Sewri attacker does not recollect incidentA local court on Friday remanded Vilas Chorge (35) in police custody for three days for attacking a 30-year-old homemaker with a chopper at the Azad Nagar transit camp near the Sewri bus-stop late on Thursday evening.Preeti Jaiswal suffered injuries on her neck and hand after her neighbour Chorge, who was in an inebriated state, attacked her. She was on her scooter, to drop her son for tuitions when the incident occurred. The accused also tried to attack her husband when he intervened. However, a constable nabbed Chorge and took him to the RAK Marg police station. The accused also slapped the on-duty cop. On Friday, the accused told the police that he does not remember why he was in custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715062", "title": "Woman kills daughter, herself", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 22-year-old woman killed her two-year-old daughter and then committed suicide at Thondapalli, Shamshabad, on Thursday night due to alleged harassment by her husband and in-laws.Cyberabad police said Pravallika married D Ravi three years ago and she bore a daughter and a son.\"But the couple always used to fight over additional dowry. Her in-laws too harassed her with additional dowry demands. On Thursday night too, the couple had a heated argument as Ravi came home drunk. When Ravi went to bed, Pravallika mixed pesticide in milk and made her two-year-old daughter Pooja drink it first and then drank it herself,'' police said.On Friday morning, Ravi found both his wife and daughter dead. Immediately, he informed his relatives who rushed to his house and shifted them to a nearby hospital, where they were declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714584", "title": "Amritsar factor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"H,\" that is the code name for heroin, a drug that is readily available in Chandigarh for Rs 1,600 per 1 gram.Sources familiar with the drug trade said, \"The rate of heroin is cheaper in Chandigarh than Delhi and Mumbai because Chandigarh is close to Amritsar, which is the hub of heroin smuggling. Gagan did not charge high rates from his customers because he wanted to make regular customers.\"Aspiring model Sweeti Sharma, who introduced Radhika to Gagandeep, tasted heroin in Mumbai and knew about its high price there. Gagandeep did not charge Radhika for supplying her with heroin on December 17, after sniffing which, she died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715080", "title": "Dissolved oxygen level close to zero in Mutha river", "text": "PUNE: The water tested from four points in the Mutha river shows that dissolved oxygen is close to zero in three sampling points (Mhatre bridge, Bhide bridge and Mutha-Nagzira confluence) and less than 1 ppm in Vithalwadi. There were no fishes at these sampling points, turbidity was high and there was a foul smell also. Dissolved oxygen is one of the most important indicators of the quality of water and its availability is vital for aquatic life. For good quality water, the dissolved oxygen level should be more than 5 ppm.The tests were conducted on Thursday by four organizations - Shrishti Environment and Sustainability Society (SESS), Jalbiradari, SETU and Shristi Eco Research Institute (SERI). These organizations have jointly taken up monitoring of five rivers in the city. Scientific test kits were used to test the water.The test results show that because of the growing population, the upstream is also getting polluted now, SERI director Sandeep Joshi told TOI. It can be attributed to absence of proper sewage and solid waste management system. \"Vithalwadi to Khadakwasla is the upstream of Mutha river. Till 2008, the dissolved oxygen level was around 3 ppm to 4 ppm at Vithalwadi. At Mhatre bridge, Bhide bridge and Mutha-Nagzira confluence, it was around 1 pmm till 2008,'' he said.Joshi said that when the rapid development of the city is taking place, instead of just giving building permissions, facilities like sewage and solid waste management should also be taken up on priority basis.\"One can find good fish biodiversity if the dissolved oxygen level is more than 5 mg per litre. But we did not see any fish at these points. Gambusia fish, which can tolerate pollution, was also not seen. The high turbidity shows that there can be possibility of pathogenic growth and sustenance in water. We saw people using the water for washing purposes and also for bathing,'' he said.Joshi said, \"Nullahs and streams carry sewage into the rivers. This lead to reduction in dissolved oxygen. In the absence of oxygen, anaerobic bacteria converts waste into methane and other gases, leading to foul smell. Now, the river has turned into nullah.\"A visit to Ramnadi by these organizations found that the Ramnadi carries only sewage after the Westerly bypass culvert. The residents of Ramnagar are facing problems due to this sewage. The river bed was also encroached upon.Suneel Joshi, convenor of NGO Jalbiradari, said that the water testing will be conducted round the year in the Ramnadi, Mula, Pavana and the Indrayani. Four locations have been identified for taking samples. This monitoring programme will be carried out on a weekly basis.Suneel Joshi pointed out that the Constitution of India's clause 51A, fundamental duties, mentions that it is the duty of every citizen to protect and improve the natural environment, including forests, lakes, rivers and wildlife, and to have compassion for living creatures. Thus, citizens should come forward and join in this monitoring programme.SESS was recently registered as a society to provide technical support to the programme. This seven-member society comprises of experts in water, education and environment. Around 30 schools will be roped in for the project, along with experts who will be taking samples from rivers and testing the quality round the year. After water is tested from all rivers, a report will be prepared and will be made available to the public, he added.BOXMonitoring scheduleDec 21 Ramnadi Bangalore bypass culvert, Ramnagar, Pashan lake overflow and Baner Road bridgeDec 21 Mula Aundh, Harris bridge, Holkar bridge and KalyaninagarDec 22 Pavana Ravet upstream, Morya Gosavi Mandir, Rahatani bridge, before Mula confluenceDec 23 Indrayani Talegaon- Induri bridge, Talawade, Moshi and Alandi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "17715378", "title": "Hooghly doctor fined", "text": "CHINSURAH: A doctor in Hooghly was fined Rs 20 lakh by the District Consumer Redressal Forum on Friday for medical negligence that led to the amputation of a little boy's left hand. Parents of Sounak Patra, now aged 2 years and 7 months, had moved the consumer court after their son's hand had to be amputated as it turned gangrenous after Dr Chandan Ray of Hooghly's Dhaniakhali plastered the fractured hand. tnnSounak accompanied and his parents from their Chanditala home to his uncle's house in Dhaniakhali's Somaspur village in March this year. He was 22 months old then. On March 16, Sounak fell while playing near the house and injured his left hand. The boy was immediately taken to Ray's polyclinic in Dhaniakhali where an X-ray detected his left hand had fractured. Ray then plastered the hand on the same day.Within days, Sounak had blisters around the plastered area and the hand also turned blackish. On March 23, Sounak's father Kajal Patra took his son to Ray who prescribed an ointment. The ointment didn't have any effect. The next day, Kajal took his son to a doctor in Kolkata. On examining Sounak's hand, the city doctor said it had become gangrenous and would have to be amputated.On March 27, Sounak and his parents boarded a flight to Chennai where the boy was admitted to Apollo Hospital. On March 29, doctors there amputated Sounak's left hand. The operation cost Kajal Rs 9 lakh.On June 11, Kajal moved the Hooghly consumer court against Chandan Ray. On Friday, chief judge Narayan Chandra Chakraborty of the Hooghly District Consumer Forum ordered Ray to pay Rs 20 lakh by February 6, next year as compensation to Sounak's family. Ray, who was present in court, wrote a cheque for Rs 10 lakh and said he would pay the remaining sum within a few days.Kajal later said, \"I hope the doctor will learn not to be negligent in treatment in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714637", "title": "Visa firms told to furnish details", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has asked immigration, emigration and student visa companies to furnish their antecedents immediately.Since there is no need for a license for students visa, the administration warned that unscrupulous elements would start providing consultancy to people. According to Chandigarh deputy commissioner Mohammed Shayin, such people get advertisements published in newspapers and dupe people of Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh by fleeing the city with the money, they charge as fee for facilitating immigration.In exercise of Section 144 of the CRPC, it has been made mandatory for the immigration firm owners to furnish complete antecedents in writing to the Chandigarh Police at the public window, Police Headquarters, Sector 9, Chandigarh. The order shall be enforced from December 24, 2012 for a period of 60 days, effective up to and including February 21, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17715402", "title": "One killed as Nigerians quarrel over girl", "text": "CALANGUTE: An argument between two Nigerians over a Ukrainian woman led to the brutal murder of one of them at Parra early Friday.Police sources said Michael Nzube, 28, was in a romantic relationship with a woman from Ukraine and his friend Chukwebuka Henry Ejimkonye, 31, had started making advances towards her which Nzube resented.A quarrel ensued on Thursday night between the two. At around 1.45am on Friday Nzube went to the rented premises where Ejimkonye was staying and confronted him. A fight ensued and when Ejimkonye tried to closet himself in the premises, Nzube barged in and allegedly stabbed Ejimkonye four times in the stomach with a knife, injuring him.The injured Ejimkonye then phoned his friend Michael Okoko for assistance. Okoko rushed to the apartment and took Ejimkonye in a car to a hospital in Mapusa. Nzube followed them to the hospital and began to assault the injured Ejimkonye and his friend in the hospital, leading hospital staff and others to intervene and stop the fight. Nzube then fled from the scene.Due to the seriousness of the injuries, Ejimkonye was taken to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, but he breathed his last on the way, sources said.Police launched a manhunt for Nzube and managed to take him into police custody. They recovered the knife used to commit the murder but it has been broken, sources said.Sources said Nzube had earlier been arrested in October for obstructing a police officer from performing his duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17714942", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "AKOLA: A 21-year-old youth was killed and another seriously injured on Thursday when the Matador in which they were travelling turned turtle near a bridge on Patur-Nandapur road after the driver lost the control of the vehicle.Identified as Shaikh Wahid Shaikh Nura, the deceased was a student of Vasantrao Naik Vidyalaya at Murtizapur, Akola district. Another student Dinesh Thakre has been hospitalized.Man commits suicideA 35-year-old man Anil Laulkar from Takli Jalam village committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence on Wednesday. The reason behind the suicide is not clear. Police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714103", "title": "Archbishop says faith will bring peace", "text": "MUMBAI: Oswald Cardinal Gracias , the Archbishop of Mumbai, has greeted the Christian community ahead of Christmas. His message reflects the papal declaration of 2012-13 as the 'Year of Faith'.More importantly, the archbishop has expressed anguish at the growing corruption and inequity in society. \"The genuine Christian goes beyond the law, beyond self-interest, beyond self-preservation in always seeking what is truly good for the well-being of others, as indeed of themselves,\" he says in the Christmas edition of the 'Examiner'.\"The greatest enemies of Christmas are not those who do not know or believe in Christ but those Christians who have become hard-hearted, self-righteous and have closed their hearts to the human needs of others,\" says the archbishop.Cardinal Gracias explains how Christmas transcends the tale of Virgin Mary giving birth to the Christ Child. \"As we relive the mystery of Christ's birth, the Church also gives birth to Christ in today's world. Just as He spoke to Mary, God has spoken to us, and we believe. When we believe, we bring Christ into the world by our good actions, by acting responsibly towards our families, in our jobs and in our relationships with others.\"The archbishop says %we will not see the fullness of peace until Christ comes again at the end of time. \"But we cannot wait until then. We need to pray %and work for peace now,\" %he urges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712950", "title": "Coimbatore district sees rise in crime this year", "text": "COIMBATORE: His craze for quick money landed MBA holder Prem Raj in jail along with two of his well-educated friends. Employee of a private firm in the city, Prem Raj was staying at a rented house in Veerapandipiruvu with his friends, chemistry graduate Thangadurai and fire and safety diploma holder Armstrong. Their greed for money forced them to become chain snatchers, mostly targeting elderly women living alone. After successfully executing 11 robberies, they landed in the police net on January 27 this year while attempting to steal 40 sovereigns of gold from a 45-year-old woman in Narasimmanaickenpalayam at knife point.During the first week of April, 55-year-old M Pathimuthu was found tied and strangled to death inside her house at Sirumugai near Mettupalayam. Her daughter came upon her mother's body when she returned home after visiting relatives. Twenty-two sovereigns of gold were stolen. Police had arrested two youths from Nilgiris in connection with the incident.Residents of Kottur in Pollachi woke up on July 2 this year to news of a 26-year-old housewife's murder by intruders who stole 60 sovereigns of gold. The media covered the incident extensively, quoting the victim's husband who claimed to have had a narrow escape as the intruders tried to strangle him to death. As dramatic as this incident is, this is not the whole story. In a startling turn of events, police arrested within three days, the victim's husband, a 27-year-old farmer who had confessed to killing his wife following an altercation. Police clarified that the robbery was fabricated, and there was no gold stolen. Neither was the farmer attacked as he had initially claimed.As another year is less than a fortnight away, statistics available with Coimbatore rural police point to a steady increase in crimes across the district in the last 11 months, most of them murders, robberies and thefts. Accident rates also increased substantially in the last year while chain snatching emerges as the top crime in rural areas.According to available data till November, the rural police have recovered stolen property worth Rs 2.11 crore out of the Rs 2.90 crore missing properties that were registered with the police department. In 2011, the police recovered stolen property worth Rs 2.45 crore out of the crore missing properties registered.As many as 49 murder cases including four cases of murder for gain were registered till November 2012 in Coimbatore district. The Perianaickenpalayam sub-division alone registered 22 murder cases and Perur sub-division registered 13 murder cases. Four murder cases and one murder for gain cases are yet to be identified, claimed rural police. In 2011, as many as 35 murder cases were reported in the district. \"We are yet to solve five murder cases including a murder for gain. Our special teams are working to crack the open cases,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.Meanwhile, crimes against women and children have increased in the district. Seven rape cases, one dowry death case, 33 molestation cases, 46 cases of cruelty to women by husband and relatives and 28 cases of kidnapping of women and children were reported in the district till November 2012. \"Awareness among women has increased and thus more women are approaching police. We are taking stringent action to curb crimes against women,\" said E S Uma, SP Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714228", "title": "Supreme Court orders to jail convicts on bail ignored for 4 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Here is why people are increasingly getting frustrated by the absence of deterrent effect of law on criminals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the authorities ignored for four years a Supreme Court order directing immediate arrest of convicts, who were on bail, in a murder case to serve out the 10-year imprisonment sentence.In a startling case, the Supreme Court in May 2008 dismissed the appeal of one Sambu Rai, who was accused in a murder case, and restored the trial court's August 4, 1989 order convicting him and seven other accused under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) to 10 years imprisonment.Since September 11, 1989, that is for nearly 23 years, all the accused have been on bail since the Patna high court entertained their appeal. The HC decided the appeal on November 10, 2000. The Supreme Court took another eight years to dismiss their appeals and restore the trial court order.Though the Supreme Court set aside the HC's lenient order and restored the stringent punishment recorded by the trial court 19 years ago, it had little effect on the convicts. A week after the June 17, 2008 judgment of the apex court, the registry sent out a letter to authorities concerned in Bihar directing that \"this order be punctually observed and carried into execution by all concerned\".The Supreme Court's warning went unheeded, which allowed the convicts to roam free for four more years when they should have been serving out their 10-year sentence. The SC order was finally complied with on May 9, 2012, when the Motihari trial court issued arrest warrants against the eight convicts.Three convicts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sambu Rai, Jhulan Rai and Dila Rai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were arrested the same day the warrants were issued by the additional district judge. Another convict Bali Rai was arrested on May 24. Three others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Manak Rai, Ram Ikbal Rai and Gorakh Rai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had died by the time arrest warrants were issued and the last convict Parshuram Rai was physically handicapped and bed ridden.This is not an isolated incident of criminals roaming free despite conviction. Another common feature of our criminal justice system is convicts remaining on bail during pendency of appeals, which remain pending for a long time as the appellate court's order summoning trial court records do not get complied with for years.From Motihari alone, there are seven such instances where appeals have not been taken up for hearing for years, in one case for more than 20 years, as the trial court records have not reached the appellate court.In the appeal filed by Muktar Mian against state of Bihar, the appellate court admitted his plea and requisitioned the trial court records to commence hearing on the appeal. After more than 20 years on November 21 this year, the appellate court said, \"Appellant takes no step. Lower court records not received. Put up on February 21, 2013. Appellant and officer concerned to comply with the previous order.\"Of the six other cases, one appeal is pending since August 1995, two each from 2004 and 2006 and another from 2010. In all these cases, the accused in all probability continue to enjoy freedom on bail and may continue to do so in the face of judicial lethargy.In the Baithani Tola massacre, too, a similar trend is visible. The Supreme Court in July this year admitted the Bihar government's appeal challenging the Patna High Court order acquitting all the accused convicted of massacre of dalits in 1996. But the SC's order seeking trial court records is yet to be complied with.An Ara trial court in 2010 had convicted 23 and sentenced three to death while awarding life sentence to the other 20 for the massacre of 21 landless poor, most of whom were women and children. But on April 16 this year, the HC overturned their conviction and acquitted the accused.On July 16 this year, the SC did not accept Bihar government's plea for issuance of bailable warrants against the accused for taking them into custody during pendency of the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17720203", "title": "Admission process at Mangalore University goes online", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University's admission process has gone fully online - right from time of admission to declaration of results. Thanks to software developed by Udupi based Robosoft Technologies Pvt Ltd, the entire admission process in 195 affiliate, constituent and autonomous colleges under the university is now done online. The university will either ratify or reject the admission of student based on data uploaded by respective colleges online.While this eliminates all manual work related to admission process, benefit for students and the colleges is they can now track the admission status real time online. \"If there is any short coming in admission data pertaining to a student, the university authorities affix their remarks and college authorities can take remedial measures by providing information,\" Purushotham R Bhat, director (facilities and infrastructure) of Robosoft Technologies told STOI.TC Shivashankara Murthy, VC who announced this development at the 3 rd general meeting of academic council here on Saturday said the next logical step in this process is for colleges to start uploading internal assessment marks of students online. \"With this, entire process related to student admission will go online,\" he said. University already has computerised its results declaration system including tabulation of marks and declaration of results.Once the university ratifies the admission, the data is sent to the examination section, which takes care of generating examination hall tickets for students, uploading marks secured in the examinations with help of OMR sheets and generating marks list. The only manual part in this entire process is the time when registrar (evaluation) affixes facsimile signature on the marks list and it is dispatched to the respective colleges for distribution to students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715098", "title": "CAG slams Pune Municipal Corporation for excess payments", "text": "PUNE: The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has indicted the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) for indiscretion while releasing payments to contractors working on projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Mission (JNNURM).The audit report for local bodies for the year that ended on March 2011 was tabled in the state assembly on Friday. In the report on performance audit of the JNNURM, the CAG has pointed out certain deficiencies in implementation of projects across the state.The committee had selected the pilot BRTS, Baner subway and STP plant upgradation projects by the PMC for the scrutiny and found that the corporation has made excess payments in all three cases.Reacting to the CAG findings, additional city engineer Vivek Kharwadkar said that the PMC will look into the matter and ensure that no loss is incurred to the public exchequer. \"These are old cases and we have to look into the exact details,\" he said.Pilot BRTS projectThe report states that the PMC made excess payment of Rs 1.42 crore in the pilot BRTS project because of non-revision of star rates. As per the conditions of the tender, if necessary, the star rates of steel and bitumen may be revised according to the prevailing market conditions before awarding the contract.\"It was, however, seen that the PMC, while executing the BRT pilot project on Katraj-Hadapsar section, did not revise the star rate of steel and bitumen though there was a sharp increase in prices during the process of tender which resulted into excess payment of Rs 1.42 crore,\" the report says.The report adds: \"The star rate was the basis for regularizing price escalation. Its incorrect fixation on the lower side led to excess payment towards price escalation.\"The report mentions that the PMC, in October 2010 and November 2011, stated that they did not feel necessary to revise the star rate. However, looking into the current situation the price variation claim would be rectified and recovery would be made. \"... however, no detail of the action initiated to recover the amount has been furnished (May 2012),\" states the report.The report also points out that the PMC had made \"inadmissible payment\" of Rs 1.94 crore on transportation of ready mix concrete. This was not part of the contract. \"The PMC has stated that an amount has been recovered and details would be furnished to audit. However, no detail of recovery has been furnished (May 2012).\"Double price variation payment in STP workThe report observes that the PMC paid price variation on steel and cement separately and also in the material component. This resulted in double payment of price variation on steel and cement. The PMC has made recovery in this case, states the report.The PMC made excess payment of Rs 0.29 crore in this case. The MS plate is the base material required for manufacture of MS pipe. For calculation of price variation of MS pipe, rate and price index of MS plate is to be considered. However, the scrutiny revealed that, price variation of MS pipe was calculated by considering the price index of iron and steel instead of MS plate which resulted in excess payment.Baner subway workThe report states that the PMC made excess payment of Rs 29 lakh because of incorrect star rates. As per the government resolution issued in 2005 by the public works department of central government, all tender documents should contain the star rate for cement, steel, bitumen, pipes (pig iron), etc. The star rates shall be taken as the average rate of the bitumen, cement, steel, and other various types of metal pipes, pig iron, etc, for the quarter preceding the month in which the last date prescribed for the receipt of tender falls or the rate mentioned in the district schedule of rates, whichever is higher.Scrutiny of the PMC records, however, revealed (October 2010) that the work of construction of Baner subway was attached (March 2008) to the final work of concreting and asphalting of the road from Paud Phata to Chandani Chowk, which was awarded in January 2008. The PMC failed to mention start rate in the agreement of the attached work. \"In the absence of the star rate, the PMC adopted indices of August 2008 instead of average of December 2007 to February 2008, as the work was awarded in March 2008, for the purpose of price variation. This has resulted in excess payment of Rs 29 lakh,\" observes the report.\"Accepting the facts, the PMC stated (November 2011) that the excess amount paid to the contractor would be recovered from bill. However, no detail of action initiated to recover the amount has been furnished (May 2012)\" the report adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17718934", "title": "New airport terminal likely by January 15", "text": "RANCHI: The new terminal at the Birsa Munda Airport is likely to be inaugurated by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh in the second week of January. A team of engineering officials, including the executive director of the engineering wing of the Airports Authority of India (AAI), on Friday visited the new terminal here. The team which arrived in Ranchi on Thursday visited the swanky new airport and inspected its operational efficacy and was satisfied with the system.Sources from AAI said Singh and Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda would inaugurate the new terminal building around January 15. \"The dates have not been finalized yet. It would be settled according to the engagements of the aviation minister,\" said a source. AAI chairman V P Agarwal will be one of the important guests at the occasion. A project of Rs 138 crore, the new terminal is spread over 19,676 sqm of land and has been furnished with equipment imported from China, Germany and Singapore.The airport terminal is advanced in many ways. The AAI authorities have installed a 1200-tonne air conditioning system. Two passenger boarding bridges, five escalators, six elevators, a larger baggage conveyer belt brought from Singapore and a 750 KVA generator are also installed. The new terminal has a huge parking space and can house four buses and 216 cars. The construction of the approach road, the slow pace of which has delayed the inauguration of the airport, is going on a war footing. \"The road is around 40% complete,\" said an AAI official. It is likely that the road would be complete before the end of this month.Ranchi airport director R R Kumar said authorities concerned have been asked to expedite the process of constructing the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715375", "title": "The blind seek their due in teacher recruitment", "text": "KOLKATA: The state's efforts to recruit 34,569 primary teachers hit yet another stumbling block on Friday with the Blind Persons' Association (BPA) challenging the notification in Calcutta high court on the ground that no seats have been reserved for visually impaired candidates.The state government lawyer conceded that the matter had been overlooked and assured the court that necessary amendments would be made. The bench of Justice Debasish Kar Gupta directed that changes be made in the notification before the recruitment process, for which 55 lakh candidates had applied, starts.On Friday, the BPA moved a petition before the court, pointing out that the state had violated provisions under a central Act that made it mandatory for seats to be reserved for differently abled candidates. It was submitted that 1% seats should be reserved for the visually impaired while another 1% should go to those who suffer from verbal and hearing impairment. The government's notification made no mention of reservations under these categories, it was pointed out.Instead of going in for any argument, state counsel Sakya Sen submitted to the court that the matter had been overlooked when the notification was issued. Necessary amendments will be made, he assured the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713947", "title": "Mahajan, Ghosh tailored norms to suit Airtel, Vodafone: CBI chargesheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chargesheet filed by CBI on Friday has alleged that there was a conspiracy between the late Pramod Mahajan and Shyamal Ghosh, under which a new post was created by the then minister for the bureaucrat, bending all rules, which was approved by the then prime minister the very same day.It also gives details on requirement of eligible subscribers' base of telecom companies, which was allegedly tailored to benefit private players. In fact, Airtel had reached its subscribers base of four lakh customers for actual allocation on January 31, 2002, the day the decision was taken by Mahajan.According to the chargesheet, Mahajan created the post of administrator USOF (Universal Service Obligation Fund) on June 1, 2002, the day Ghosh was to retire. \"Pramod Mahajan initiated a note on May 30, 2002, on his own for creating a post of administrator USOF for re-employment of Shyamal Ghosh from June 1, 2002 (the day of his retirement). Mahajan sent his letter to prime minister who approved it on same day. Then, it was approved by the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC),\" the chargesheet said.This way, Ghosh was given a further three-year tenure from June 1, 2002 to May 31, 2005, according to the chargesheet.\"Investigation has, thus, revealed that in case of appointment of Shyamal Ghosh as administrator USOF, the proposal was accepted by then prime minister on strong recommendation of Pramod Mahajan. The post was created on May 30, 2002 with Shyamal Ghosh as USOF administrator as a result of efforts of Pramod Mahajan,\" the chargesheet said.The ACC woke up to the situation only in 2004. \"After much consideration and deliberation, ACC conveyed to department of telecom (DoT) through a letter on October 6, 2004 directing for fresh recruitment procedure for the same post,\" the chargesheet said.\"Subsequently, the post for appointment of administrator USOF was downgraded from the post of secretary to additional secretary under the central staffing scheme after the tenure of Shyamal Ghosh. Since then, additional secretary rank officers are being appointed as administrator USOF under the central staffing scheme. No retired officer can be appointed as administrator USOF,\" the CBI said.About the tailoring the norms for private companies by Ghosh and Mahajan, the chargesheet said, \"Investigation has revealed that while the technical committee of DoT had recommended to allot additional spectrum beyond 6.2 MHz+6.2 MHz only after the operator reached subscribers base of 9 lakh, the requirement for subscribers base was intentionally reduced by accused public servants to 4 lakh for applying for additional spectrum and 5 lakh for actual allocation of spectrum, in order to extend wrongful benefit to Bharti, Hutchison and Sterling as Bharti had reached the subscribers base of 4 lakh on December 31, 2001 and of 5 lakh on January 31, 2002 i.e on the day said decision was taken and the aforesaid two companies had also already crossed the subscribers base of 4 lakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713210", "title": "30 escape from burning bus", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 30 passengers of a Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus had a lucky escape when the vehicle caught fire on Arcot Salai near Vadapalani on Friday afternoon. The bus was gutted. Traffic on the busy stretch was disrupted for more than 40 minutes.Police said the bus on route 88M (Kundrathur to Vadapalani) was proceeding towards Vadapalani around 12.40pm with 30 passengers. When it reached Virugambakkam, driver Thangavelu experienced trouble in driving the vehicle. However, he continued ahead and just before reaching Vadapalani, he saw smoke coming from the front portion and then fire in the engine.He stopped the vehicle immediately and told conductor Karunanidhi who alerted the passengers. Some passengers panicked and tried to break the windowpanes and jump out, but were brought out of the vehicle safely, the bus crew later told police.By then, the flames had increased in intensity and spread to a nearby shop and an overhead cable.On receiving the information, police alerted the fire and rescue services. Fire tenders from Koyambedu and Ashok Nagar came and doused the flames but the bus was by then destroyed. A few locals had tried to put out the fire, but failed.\"There were only 30 passengers on board as there were just two stops before the bus reached the depot,\" said a police officer.Based on a complaint, police registered a case and began investigating the cause of the fire.\"We suspect the fire started in the radiator or battery and may have been caused by an electrical short circuit,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714514", "title": "United in anger, pressing for action", "text": "BANGALORE: They were angry, and it showed. At Town Hall where persons from all walks of life gathered on Friday evening, the message was loud and clear. Hang rapists or stone them publicly.Voicing their views at 'Enough is Enough' organized by a group of NGOs collectively named as Women and Men in Black Against Violence against women in public places, the Town Hall was packed with people from 10 years to 70 years.\"Such criminals should not be hanged but stoned to death in public. We need stricter laws and stringent punishment to deal with those accused of rape,\" said Avinash, a student. His friends Harshitha and Niveditha added: \"Four rapes have been reported in Bangalore and Karnataka in the past three days. How many more? Young girls are no longer safe. Chemical castration should be done to make sure the rapist suffers for life.\"Deepraj K, a student and volunteer with an NGO, said: \"I feel ashamed to be a man when I read or hear about rape cases. Such culprits should be hanged to death so that others get scared and learn a lesson. I want to make this city safe for women.\"Protesting at the rally, Sheema Mohsin and Mustafa Baig, conveners of the Welfare Party of India, demanded strict action from the government. \"I'm a father of two daughters and three grand-daughters. I feel scared when they step out of the house and always pray for their safe return. The government is just shedding crocodile's tears. They must act in time before it's too late and protect our women,\" said Mustafa.Sheema said: \"I don't feel safe in Bangalore anymore. I'm worried for myself, my sisters and daughter. I feel no Indian city is safe for women. Sadly, the government is not taking firm steps to bring justice to rape victims. We need stringent punishment -- seven years' imprisonment is too less a punishment for raping a woman. Our laws are too weak.\"Katyayini Sashtri, a retired teacher, demanded quicker judicial proceedings. \"A lot of time is wasted during court trials. In such open-and-shut cases, the culprits must be punished within days. It's possible if the police and judiciary are sensitized.\"NGOs like YWCA, SAMARA, Vimochana, Hengasara Hakkina Sangha, Aasra, Students, Writers and citizens participated in the candlelight protest on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17720198", "title": "School health check-up drive from 24 December in Jamnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: The school health check-up program will be launched from 24 December in Jamnagar by concerned government authority. According to government officials, the drive will run for 45 days in Jamnagar district in which it will cover 4 lakh school children. 50 doctors and over 600 health workers will be going to each of the schools in the district and they will examine the health of the school children.According to officials, the idea of the health check-up drive is to detect the health related problems that are commonly occurring amongst primary school children, screening of children for appropriate referral, building of health awareness in the community through primary school children and follow-up arrangements for detailed check-up and treatment of referral cases at Government health facilities.Government of Gujarat Department of Health in collaboration with Education Department started innovative School Health Programme since 1997, wherein primary examination was done by medical officers of primary health care system.\"After the screening, each of the children will be issued health cards in which every details of his or her health will be mentioned in the card'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715100", "title": "Panic after Friday prayers as teargas shell goes off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The accidental firing of a teargas shell from a Vajra vehicle stationed near Gulzar Houz in the Old City created panic in the area soon after prayers on Friday afternoon.Police said that the firing led to chaos with shop owners rushing to down the shutters while passersby started running in panic, fearing that violence had broken out. The teargas shell which was accidentally fired from the Vajra flew in the direction of Agra Sweets near Sehr-e-Batil Kaman near Gulzar Houz. A person reportedly suffered minor injuries.A jeweller from the area said that after the prayers, a group of around 20 young namazis came running from Charkaman. Some of the shop owners misconstrued this as an act of mischief and closed their shops immediately fearing violence. \"A frightened family which was from a rural area ran into my shop and asked for shelter as they thought that violence had broken out. There was some commotion as jewellers in the lane closed their shops as a sign of protest. The police later came and informed that the tear gas shell had gone off accidentally,\" he said.According to police officials, a group of around 15 people raised slogans for a couple of minutes after Friday prayers after which one boy was taken into custody. He was released later in the evening. They said that the situation could have turned violent had the accident happened when the prayers were going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718789", "title": "Antwerp diamond heist: Police offer 36 lakh cash reward for information", "text": "SURAT: Even after three months of the sensational diamond heist worth Rs 72 crore at the Diamond Trading Company (DTC) sightholder, Kiran Gems's office in Belgium, the Antwerp police are yet to make any headway in nabbing the perpetrators of crime.Recently, the Antwerp police are learnt to have offered a record 10 per cent - Rs 7.2 crore - for information leading to the recovery of Rs 72 crore of stolen diamonds and a cash reward of 50,000 Euros (Rs 36 lakh). The police have published a sketch of one of the three perpetrators as well, sources in the industry said.On October 11, three robbers from the Italian mafia targeted the wife of sales manager of Kiran Gems in Belgium, Prashant Bhalani and kidnapped her at gun point and placed her under house arrest. The robbers then fitted cameras on Bhalani to get complete record of his movement. He was asked to go to his office at Hoveniersstraat to get the stock of polished diamonds lying in the safe vault. His wife was released only after he handed over the diamonds to them.DTC sightholder companies owned by Gujarati diamantaires have been targeted by mafias in Antwerp in 2010 and in October 2012. Another heist at KARP Impex in 2010 amounted to Rs 50 crore.The gang members had held the family members of diamantaires hostage at the gunpoint in both the cases. The diamantaires were asked to bring the polished diamond stock from the safe vaults and their offices.Speaking with TOI over phone from Antwerp, spokesperson of Kiran Gems told TOI, \"The way of functioning of the police in Antwerp is far different from India. We will know at the very end of the investigation whether the perpetrators of the crime have been arrested and our stock has been recovered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713214", "title": "High voltage gives street a \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMayan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 shock", "text": "CHENNAI: The ancient Mayan prophesy of the world ending on December 21 was indeed a hoax, but some residents of Kappal Polu Street in Washermenpet came close to believing it when their television sets blinked, brightened and went blank around 1.30am on Friday. It took them a while to realise that a sudden rise in voltage had killed the TV picture tubes.Angry residents called up the TNEB office, but officials there shrugged off the responsibility, saying voltage fluctuations were beyond their control. Residents of Kappal Polu Street woke up to some unusual noise in the neighbourhood.Around 25 people rushed out of their homes after at least five television sets went up in smoke. \"Someone shouted 'It's gone,'\" said a resident, \"and many others nodded.\" Police, who received panic calls, rushed to the spot and pacified the crowd that it was only a technical malfunction and not the end of the world.The gathered residents exchanged notes on how fans and lights had stopped, some spoke about the mysterious flash that appeared on the television screen before it went dead. Those sleeping were equally worried as they were woken up by worried neighbours. \"The tubelights in my home flashed and dimmed. I didn't know what it was,\" said Yuvraj, a resident. \"There are 25 families on the street and all of them were complaining about electrical equipment failing. Later we realised it was high voltage.\"M Nagaraj, his neighbour, said he got scared because his boys were discussing the \"end of the world\" only a few hours before the power fluctuation. \"We picked up some of the things from our house and came out,\" he said.The electricity board workers who came to carry out repairs had a tough time, besieged as they were by the residents seeking an explanation. It was only after police came to the spot that the people got back indoors. \"There was a short circuit which led to the high voltage. It has been set right,\" a technician said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17714269", "title": "Delta farmers protest inaction of govt in the wake of drought", "text": "TRICHY: Members of the Cauvery Rights Retrieval Council today resorted to locking up PWD offices in Trichy, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Chidambaram to express their anger against the state and Union governments, which, according to them, had turned a blind eye towards the burning problems of farmers. Farmers in the region are facing a major crisis with much of the samba crop almost lost in the absence of rain and water in the Cauvery.The office of the superintending engineer in the PWD's water resources organisation in Thanjavur bore the brunt of the agitation as a group of people forced their way into the office and chased away the employees. When the police rushed to arrest them, they resisted and sat on the Vallam Road and blocked traffic for an hour. \"We are not afraid of getting arrested, but when Karnataka does not arrest its agitating activists over the Cauvery issue, why should you arrest us,\" said P Maniarasan, general secretary of Tamil Desa Podhuvudamai Katchi, which spearheaded the agitation. Police arrested a few hundred protestors in Trichy, Tiruvarur and Chidambaram, no one was held in Thanjavur. Those arrested were let free later in the day.Activists had in the first week of October held protests in the same places on the same issue. They are annoyed that the government has been silent though Karnataka stopped releasing water into the Cauvery on December 9. \"It is a farce that the State government was moving the Supreme Court now, just two days before the court goes on vacation,\" Maniarasan told TOI.The Council, supported by a lot of fringe political groups, also passed three resolutions. The first demanded that the Centre should not allot even a single unit of electricity from Neyveli Lignite Corporation to Karnataka that imperiously announced that it would not allow even a drop of water to Tamil Nadu. The second resolution called on the Tamil Nadu government to convene a special session of the assembly to discuss the issue. The third resolution said the Centre, which failed to protect natural water resources, should be ashamed of sourcing crude from the very Cauvery delta.The Council called on all MPs from Tamil Nadu to resign over the issue. The Council also wanted the Tamil Nadu government to announce compensation of Rs 20,000 per acre for famers without any further delay, independent of the Centre's crop insurance scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "17714348", "title": "Tardy progress of Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana irks DM", "text": "MADHUBANI: Expressing strong displeasure over extremely tardy progress in issuing Smart Health Cards under Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) by Max Bupa Insurance Company so far in the district, the DM, Lokesh Kumar Singh, gave stern orders to the insurance company representatives to improve their performance and bring the numbers to at least 35 per cent of the total of 7.82lakh BPL families in the district by January 15.The company has presently issued smart cards to only about 17% of such families in the district. Last year, ICC Lombard had issued these cards to about 38% of such families.To speed up the process of issuing these cards, the DM asked the Max Bupa Insurance company representatives present at the District Core Committee meeting on Friday to act in close coordination with government officials and fixed December 26 for a meeting of insurance company people with all the CDPOs and Anganbari Sevikas for chalking out a roadmap for speedy implementation of this prestigious scheme.Presently, the scheme has been put on hold in the district since October 31 last in view of poor number of smart card holders in the district.He further ordered for constitution of a three-member committee out of the district core committee members comprising of a doctor, Max Bupa representative and a deputy collector to examine the viability of the empanelled nursing homes/clinics. While ICC Lombard had empanelled 24 nursing homes in the district last year, Max Bupa has empanelled 19.The DM ordered that the core committee team will examine all the empanelled nursing homes and any fresh empanelment will be done only by the district core committee on the report of the team constituted for the purpose.Some members also suggested the desirability of examining claims of nursing homes/clinics on the insurance company.Prominent among the core committee members present included the DDC, Om Prakash Roy and Dr Girish Pandey, Red Cross Society representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17715633", "title": "Not computerized, octroi collection plagued by fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General has exposed several leaking holes in the civic mechanism to collect octroi, a major source of revenue for the BMC.Nearly 10 years after it began, the latest CAG report says, the BMC is yet to complete a computerization project at its octroi collection centres . The project is liable to benefit octroi payers, improve efficiency in collection, reduce manpower and eliminate misclassification. Its nonimplementation , the report adds, has caused wide-scale fraud and manipulation of the system.The CAG stresses that the BMC has not put in place adequate controls and validation checks, allowing officials to vary octroi on \"items\" in spite of the defined rate schedule. \"This made the system data unreliable and prone to manipulation,\" the report says. The CAG adds that, because of inadequate IT security, \"dummy\" users accessed the BMC system, receipt numbers went missing , data was routinely deleted and modified; such misuses created a weak audit trail, resulting in fraud.The BMC expects to earn about Rs 5,000 crore from octroi every year, but a large chunk of the amount gets lost in evasion at the six octroi nakas. These are the points where as many as 400 agents facilitate transactions between companies, importers and transporters. Most nakas are manually operated, understaffed and supervised little. Last year, for the first time, the BMC referred to Mumbai police a series of forgery cases in its octroi department. The corporation estimates a loss of Rs 8 crore in three separate cases of fraud.\"The BMC was fully depended on the old Turnkey Solution Provider, which allowed illegal changes in the system. For the new Brihanmumbai Mahanagarpalika Octroi System, it needlessly hired manpower from outside . Thus, the system did not achieve its objective,\" says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17718990", "title": "Ramtek PSI wins award in state police meet", "text": "NAGPUR: A police officer postedat Ramtek (rural) has bagged the top position for his brilliant show in the recently concluded state level police duty meet at the State Reserve Police Force group one at Hadaspar in Pune.Sub inspector Sambhaji Kale has now been selected to represent the state for his department in the national meet to be held in Bhopal next year. This 2009-batch officer had completed his probation at Ramtek too.Kale, representing Nagpur range, had bagged the top position in the event titled 'criminal law procedure and judgement'. The officer, who hails from Sangli, has also received silver medal in the officer's category in 'police photography' event. Kale's events were part of the category of 'scientific aids to investigation'.Kale has been felicitated by inspector general of police Rajendra Singh, superintendent of police (rural) Manoj Kumar Sharma and additional SP Prakash Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17713944", "title": "Quota in promotions notification &amp; Bhatnagar panel report challenged", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bhatnagar committee recommendations and the state government's subsequent notification on September 11, 2011 providing quota in promotions to employees from SC and ST categories have been challenged before the Rajasthan high court, which issued notices in the matter on Friday.A petition filed by RAS officers Bajrang Lal Sharma and B L Kandoi on the issue has also challenged the RAS seniority list of November 30, 2012. A division bench of acting Chief Justice N K Jain (senior) and Justice Meena V Gomber has sought replies in the matter from chief secretary, principal secretary of department of personnel, Central department of personnel and training, Rajasthan Public Service Commission and the Union Public Service Commission. The government authorities have been asked to file replies by January 7, 2013, while the petition would be heard on January 9, 2013.The petitioners have argued that in the Surajbhan Meena case, the Supreme Court had upheld the Rajasthan high court's judgment of February 5, 2010 against quota in promotion. The apex court confirmed it in a related contempt case against chief secretary and principal secretary, DoP in its order dated August 29, 2012 and had sought compliance in the Surajbhan case in accordance with the February 5, 2010 judgment.Disputing the seniority list of November 30, 2012, the petitioners have stated that the government failed to prepare such lists in 1994, 1995 and 1996, so how could it come up directly with the present seniority list. Also, it is alleged that the SC/ST quota has been arbitrarily fixed in preparing the list. Moreover, the petitioners argued that the list has been prepared on the basis of a circular dated October 20, 2010, whose 'future effects' had been stayed by the high court.About the Bhatnagar committee, the petitioners have claimed that it failed to consider backwardness, services and cadres of the government employees in all state services. It has been stated that of the 120 state services only 17 were examined by the committee. As such, the government followed the M Nagraj directions incorrectly and partially while issuing the notification on September 11, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717471", "title": "Gorge on yum food this Xmas", "text": "The city's entertainment hub on river Hooghly, Floatel, will celebrate a unique Yuletide carnival with Christmas carols, magic shows, gifts for children and delectable food .Here are some lip-smacking examples from the chef's repertoire \u00e2\u20ac\u201d assorted aqua marine pate, sea food pate, pan-seared scampi with braised asparagus and, of course, roasted turkey, along with Phuket prawn curry with chocolate, coffee mousse and Christmas pudding. Floatel's gorgeous open-air deck is the perfect setting for a romantic rendezvous, complete with candles. Along with the special Christmas menu, Floatel is all geared up to offer a multicuisine spread with vegetarian and non-vegetarian fare, accompanied by a large stock of wine to keep up your festive spirit.When : December 24 and 25Time : 12.30 pm to 3.30 pm and 7 pm to 11 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17718970", "title": "Babri Masjid demolition case: SP MP, former Sena MLA surrender in court", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party MP Brijbhushan Singh and former Shiv Sena MLA Pawan Pandey on Saturday surrendered before a special CBI court, hearing the Babri Masjid demolition case, after non-bailable warrants were issued against them.Special judge Shashimouli Tiwari had on December 17 issued the non-bailable warrants against the duo for failing to appear before the court, CBI counsel Lalit Kumar Singh said.The judge has now recalled the warrants and fixed December 24 as the next date for recording evidence of the witnesses in the case.Singh, the Samajwadi Party MP from Kaiserganj, and Pandey are accused in the Babri demolition case. Singh was the BJP MP from Gonda constituency at the time of razing down of the medieval monument.On December 17, the CBI counsel was present along with 90th witness for recording evidence but both Singh and Pandey failed to appear in the court.The judge had then issued the non-bailable warrants against the two leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17715225", "title": "Contempt hearing against Noida IAS officers deferred till Jan 21", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday deferred till January 21 the hearing of contempt application filed against UP chief secretary, principal secretary (industrial development), senior IAS officers Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran, chairman and CEO of Noida respectively, and others for non-compliance of an order passed by a division bench of the high court on November 8.By November 8 order, the division bench of the high court had directed for immediate removal of both the Noida officials from their posts. The court had also directed for a CBI probe into allotment of land at Noida from 2001 to 2012 and that these officers shall not be posted at any place in western UP.Two contempt applications -- one moved by Madhav Samaj Kalyan Samiti and another by Nitin Deshwal - had sought punishment to UP chief secretary and other officers responsible for non-compliance of the HC order.Arguing on behalf of the state, advocate general S P Gupta, assisted by chief standing counsel Yashwant Verma contended before the court that hearing of these contempt applications be deferred till a decision was taken on the application filed by the state government seeking a review of the original November 8 order in which direction were issued by the division bench of the high court for immediate removal of the officers.The advocate general argued that since a division bench on the review application had passed an order saying that any contemptuous act for non-compliance of the court's order will be dependant upon the decision taken on the review application, then there would be no need to hear the contempt application till a decision is taken by the court on the review application.Justice Vikram Nath, after hearing the counsels of both the sides, deferred the hearing of contempt application till January 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713164", "title": "Women suffer most injuries on face, torso in street attack", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman's face and the frontal torso are most vulnerable in case of a street attack, say doctors who receive such victims frequently. While the face is the most susceptible in case of an acid attack, when it comes to stabs or slashes, the chest and abdomen are the common targets.Dr Mukund Tayade, head of JJ Hospital's surgery department, said chemical burns are more dangerous than those caused due to fire. \"Since the face is exposed, it is most affected by acid burns. What's worse, often the eyes are affected too. Many women have even lost their sight during acid attacks,\" he said.Dr A K Gvalani, head of general surgery at KEM hospital, said while an acid attack may cause only about 5% burns, they attack the psyche of the woman apart from causing physical agony. \"Even 10% burns on the body are not life threatening. However, even 5% burns on the face can disfigure it horribly.\"Knife injuries on the other hand, can be fatal if the knife cuts through any of the vascular organs. \"Even injuries which are one cm long on the vascular organs can be fatal. If the woman survives, it is worse,\" said Dr Tayade.Doctors said immediate medical intervention in case of an attack is most important. Greater the delay, more will be the blood loss in case of a knife attack. Moreover, the type of knife used as a weapon also decides the nature of injuries. \"A sharp knife will ensure a clean cut. However, if a person is attacked with a blunt knife, it causes contused lacerated wound, where the edges of the cut are swollen. There are also chances of infections in such wounds,\" said Dr Gvalani.Recuperation time depends upon nature of the injuries, said doctors. For instance, clean, non-infected cuts can be sutured and the victim can go home within 10 days. But if there are facial fractures, it takes longer to heal. Acid burn injuries, on the other hand, take much longer. \"In case of acid burn injuries, the victim gets contractures, in which though the healing starts, the skin becomes hard restricting movement of the area. So we have to wait for the healing to start, but then remove the hard skin before we operate,\" said Dr Tayade, adding that acid burn injuries may take up to a year to heal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17716948", "title": "Scientists create first ever 'Atlas' of T Cells in human body", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have created the first ever \"atlas\" of immune cells in the human body, providing a unique view of the distribution and function of T lymphocytes in healthy individuals.Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) researchers analysed tissues harvested from organ donors, all of whom had died suddenly of traumatic causes, ranging in age from 15 to 60.Samples were taken from tissues that have direct contact with pathogens, including lymph, lung, spleen, and small and large intestines. All donors were HIV-negative and free of cancer and other chronic or immunological diseases.T cells, a type of white blood cell, play a major role in cell-mediated immunity, in which the immune system produces various types of cells to defend the body against pathogens, cancer cells, and foreign substances.\"We found that T cells are highly compartmentalised - that is, each tissue we examined had its own complement of T cells,\" said study leader Donna L Farber, professor of surgical sciences at CUMC.\"The results were remarkably similar in all donors, even though these people were very different in terms of age, background, and lifestyle,\" Farber said in a statement.The researchers also discovered a receptor that is expressed on the surface of \"tissue-resident\" T cells but not on circulating T cells.Using this marker, Farber and her colleagues established that the blood is its own compartment.\"In other words, T cells found in circulation are not the same as T cells in the tissues,\" said Farber.According to the researchers, the findings establish a baseline for T-cell immunity in healthy individuals. This knowledge can be used to better understand how various tissues respond to site-specific and systemic autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.The findings can therefore powerfully inform the development of new vaccine strategies.\"To make better vaccines, it may be necessary to activate a T-cell response at the site of an infection, not just in the general circulation,\" said Farber.\"But first we have to know what types of immune cells are in those tissues and how they function. This is a first step in that direction,\" Farber added.The study was published in the journal Immunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17719144", "title": "Italian naval guards: Flown out, never to return?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In the wee hours of Saturday, the two Italian naval guards charged with shooting dead two Indian fishermen flew out of Kochi airport in a chartered flight from Italy. The question most often asked here now is: Will they return, as promised, by Jan 10, 2013?The two Italians were charged with killing fishermen Ajesh Binki and Gelastine on February 15, allegedly taking them for pirates.The naval guards were out on bail, staying in a Kochi hotel.On Thursday, the Kerala high court ruled that subject to some conditions, the two naval guards could be allowed to return home for Christmas.The families of the slain fishermen doubt the Italians will now return to stand trial in India. The Left opposition in the state too has expressed doubt the two will return.The Italian consul general, however, has asserted that the men will return. An assurance to this effect was sought by the court from the Italian government before allowing the men the trip home for Christmas.Chief minister Oommen Chandy told reporters that his government had opposed relaxation in the bail conditions of the two accused; he told reporters on Saturday that it was now up to the central government to see that the two return.\"There need be no doubt on the state government's stance. When the request for a Christmas holiday for the two first came, we strongly opposed it. Now it's the responsibility of the central government to see that the two return. The Italian government has offered such an assurance,\" the chief minister said.Meanwhile, reports from Italy indicate that the two could expect the welcome of heroes, later Saturday.To circumvent the law, the two could be fielded as candidates in upcoming general elections in Italy.Italian officials in Delhi expect that the case in the Supreme Court of India, in which the Italian government has demanded trial under international law, could be ruled in their favour.Meanwhile, the CPM is all set to close in on an opportunity to go hammer and tongs at the state government, in case the two accused fail to return. There are already murmurings that none other than Congress president Sonia Gandhi had intervened, in favour of the two marines from the country of her origin.Trivandrum Latin Church Archbishop M Susaipakiam told reporters here on Saturday that allowing the two Italian naval guards to return was a good gesture.\"This gesture is certain to increase warmth in the relations between the two countries,\" the archbishop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713031", "title": "Class 11 girl dies after bike hits speedbreaker", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 11 student died and her friend sustained serious injuries when the two-wheeler on which they were riding hit a speedbreaker in Anna Nagar West on Thursday night.Police said M Monica, 16, of LIC Colony in West Mogappair lost control when it hit the bump near Ponni Colony. Mozrath Shibana, 12, of Thirumullaivoyal, who was riding pillion, sustained serious injuries. The students of CSI Jessie Moses Matriculation Higher Secondary School were returning from a tuition class when the accident occurred.The two were thrown off the vehicle in the impact. Hearing their cries, a few passersby took the girls, who were bleeding profusely, to a nearby private hospital where Shibana is still under treatment. Monica, who sustained serious head injuries, was shifted to the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital where she was declared brought dead.\"The area was poorly lit and the girl failed to notice the speed breaker ahead,\" said a police officer.Many of the speed-breakers in the city are so difficult to spot that unsuspecting drivers have no option but to hit the brakes at the last minute and end up losing control, he said. Several people have lost their lives after their vehicle struck such bumps, he said.The girl did not posses any licence and the school had even instructed the students not to ride two-wheeler, police said.Thirumangalam traffic investigation police have registered a case and are investigating.The accident also brings to focus the trend of several school students in the city riding two-wheelers without a licence. Even with a licence, students, in the age group of 16-18, violate the Motor Vehicles Act, except in cases where they ride two-wheelers with an engine capacity of 50 cc or less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718180", "title": "Cheryl Cole turns DJ on night out with Tre", "text": "Cheryl Cole decided to learn a new talent during her evening with boyfriend Tre on Friday - being a DJ.The singer apparently \"set the club on fire\" when she clambered onto the stage during her fun night at The Rose Club with Tre, the Mirror reported.The venue's official Twitter page said: \"@CherylCole most definitely set the club on fire !! #HipHopThursdays.\"Cole was certainly dressed for the part of DJ, rocking a serious amount of pleather in MC Hammer-style trousers and a cute baseball jacket.Boyfriend Tre looked equally street in his leather jacket and red trainers.The pair appeared to continue the party when they got home, cracking out the mulled wine and slipping on their Christmas jumpers (before forcing the dog to wear one too).Posing with lily, Cole tweeted: 'Me, my Christmas jumper and my Lily hahaha !!!! #5sleeps'With her assistant being called Lily, a tipsy Cole thought it was hilarious that she was actually posing with a FLOWER.\"Haha I bet you all thought it was @Lily_England didn't you ??? I'm sooo funny !!! Hahaha #YouLittleMugs LOL at myself#TooMuchMulledWine,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715267", "title": "Labourer electrocuted", "text": "NASHIK: A labourer, working for Cobra company, was electrocuted after he came in contact with the live wire of an electric pole in Rohini Nagar along Peth Road.The incident occurred at noon, when Santosh Jadhav, resident of Shenit, Bhagur, working for a sub-contractor for Cobra, climbed up an electric pole with dual supply.Cobra is executing the contract of laying and strengthening of infrastructure for Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited ( MSEDCL). Panchavati Police said that the case of accidental death had been registered in the death of the labourer even as the police would further enquire the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719534", "title": "Jenny McCarthy shares her tips for incredible abs", "text": "Jenny McCarthy flaunted her washboard abs in a green bikini on the cover of Shape, where she revealed that her fitness and diet secrets.Easily defying her 40 years, the single mother, who's appeared on the cover of Playboy six times, is sure to send pulses into overdrive in the halter two-piece, which she wore under a sheer green tank top.The blonde bombshell maintains her amazingly toned figure with strength training and running three to five times per week and yoga twice a week, the Daily Mail reported.Jenny's fitness philosophy is 'You JUST GOTTA DO IT' and, even if she only has 10 minutes to workout, she'll do a bunch of sit-ups and push-ups.\"Lunges, sit ups and pushups-because I'm kind of working my whole body,' McCarthy said in the behind-the-scenes video,\" Jenny said.\"Planking is still an awesome exercise for the core and your arms,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17715012", "title": "Assange vows deluge of Wiki leaks in 2013", "text": "LONDON: Making his first public appearance since August, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange addressed 80-odd supporters from a balcony of the Ecuadorean embassy in London, saying his whistle-blowing website shall release one million more documents which will impact \"every country in this world\" in 2013.Assange, 41, a refugee in the embassy for the last six months, said he \"won't be cowed down\". Outside the diplomatic premise on a cold, wet winter night, Assange's supporters held placards and waved at him. Contrary to recent rumours, he looked healthy. A friend who recently visited him said, \"Julian seemed fine, but obviously he lives in what seems like a prison cell.\"The British media's interest in Assange may have dwindled but his public support remains. His hardcore admirers surfaced to show solidarity with one placard proclaiming, \"Don't shoot the messenger.\" Another said, \"Don't trust Sweden .\"Assange emerged with a clenched fist and greeted the crowd, saying, \"What a sight for sore eyes. People ask what gives me hope. The answer is right here.\" He said as long as the US administration investigated him and the Australian government did not defend him, he had to remain in the Ecuadorean embassy. He was, however, willing to discuss his safe passage.Assange is liable to be arrested the moment he steps out of the embassy for breaking the terms of his bail conditions. London's metropolitan police maintain a round-the-clock surveillance of the mission. Diplomatic convention does not permit local police and security forces to enter embassy premises without the gravest provocation. Ecuador's envoy in the UK, Ana Alban, said her government continued to support Assange.In November, Assange complained to some journalists that a move by credit card companies to block the processing of donations to Wikileaks had cost the organization more than \u00c2\u00a330m and had resulted in a 40% pay cut for staff. He said the website had lost 95% of its revenues and claimed right-wing US politicians were behind the block.Reportedly, Assange is thinking of standing for election to the Australian senate. He plans to register as an overseas voter in either New South Wales or Victoria and then attempt to represent this state. There was no comment from the Australian high commission on this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714904", "title": "CAG exposes irregularities in Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission projects", "text": "NAGPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has once again exposed many irregularities committed by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in the multi-crore development projects approved by the Central government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The civic body has been also held guilty of misguiding the Centre to get approval for two old projects under JNNURM.The CAG's report on local bodies for the year ended on March 31, 2011, was tabled in the state legislature on the last day of the winter session on Friday. Under JNNURM, the Centre approved 79 projects worth Rs11,747.16 crore for 12 municipal corporations in the state between March 2006 and December 2009. The CAG selected 25 projects covering nine municipal corporations for test check from September 2010 to January 2011 by adopting stratified random sampling method and came up with a report. Four projects are of the NMC, including the Kalamna and Santra market (Ram Jhula) railway overbridges, detection of leakages in water network, expansion and upgrade of water network, and energy audit project. Besides, the CAG also verified into few other projects, including the 24X7 water demo project and Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP).In a shocking revelation, the CAG has stated that the NMC misguided the Centre for getting approval for two old water projects under JNNURM. \"According to JNNURM guidelines, only new projects were admissible under the scheme. NMC included two ongoing projects in contravention of the guidelines. The total cost of these two projects was Rs46.69 crore. The work orders were awarded in March and July 2005. But the JNNURM scheme was launched in December 2005. Besides, the detailed project reports of these projects were approved in March 2006,\" the report stated.Making fresh revelations in the controversial 24X7 water demo project, the CAG exposed the nexus between the NMC officials and the consultant. According to the report, the NMC paid Rs1.97 lakh to the consultant between July 2007 and July 2008. Shockingly, the consultant was appointed in August 2008. In another favour, the NMC recovered Rs20 lakh less from the consultant by deducting only 5.15% amount as tax deducted at source (TDS), instead of 11.33%.The CAG also unearthed excess payments of Rs72 lakh made to the contractors in three projects, including the Kalamna ROB, Ram Jhula and Kanhan WTP. The NMC awarded work orders for three projects, including the Kanhan WTP and two other water projects, at Rs14.90 crore above the approved cost, pointed out the CAG. Besides, the NMC is sitting pretty on the Rs27.93 crore funds sanctioned for construction of the sewage treatment plant, the CAG stated.The CAG also pointed out that the JNNURM scheme was lagging behind in the state. \"Some projects were proposed without assessing the immediate requirement. Unfruitful expenditure of Rs250 crore was incurred on preparation of detailed project reports (DPRs). Total 218 DPRs valued Rs74,066.48 crore were sent to the Centre of which only 93 worth Rs12,489.39 crore got approval. The remaining DPRs (Rs61,577.09 crore) are pending,\" the CAG observed. Of the remaining 125 DPRs, a couple of reports are from NMC.Against guidelines*CAG selected four NMC projects for test check from September 2010 to January 2011*Report states NMC granted undue favours to the consultant for 24X7 water demo project*CAG also unearthed excess payments of Rs72 lakh made to the contractors in three projects*Rs250 crore spent on preparing 125 detailed project reports (DPRs), including a few by NMC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717793", "title": "Celebs most people want to spend apocalypse with", "text": "As many people across the globe waited anxiously for the world to end on Doomsday December 21, Jennifer Aniston and George Clooney were voted as the celebrities most of them wanted to spend the last day of their life with.Movie-streaming service Blinkbox's asked 2,000 UK people which celebrity they'd most like to spend the apocalypse with, the Mirror reported.Scarlett Johansson was in second place in the list of female celebrities, while 007 Daniel Craig came in second in the list of male celebrities.The top male and female celebs were:Male:George ClooneyDaniel CraigBrad PittRyan GoslingRobert PattinsonFemale:Jennifer AnistonScarlett JohanssonPenelope CruzJessica AlbaChristina Hendricks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714617", "title": "High-end drugs more in demand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Youth in the tricity want a high the high end way. For them this makes the heroin variant diacetylmorphine preferable to cheaper drugs like poppy husk and charas, which are highly in demand in other states. Recent seizures indicate that demand for cocaine is also on the rise in the tricity.Five seizures included a total of 3kg of heroin and 2kg of smack during the past six months in the tricity. Heroin, cocaine and smack were seized in Chandigarh and Mohali, while two seizures of opium milk were made in Panchkula. Six drug peddlers, including three Nigerians, have been arrested in connection with the seizures.One of the Nigerians, Daniel Ebera, was arrested following a tip-off from the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), Chandigarh. Around 19gms of cocaine, valued around Rs 38 lakh in the international market, was seized from his possession on October 2, 2012.A senior police official said, \"It was the first time during the past so many years when a seizure of cocaine, which is the most high end drug, was made in Chandigarh. During interrogation, Daniel said he came to Chandigarh in search of customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714412", "title": "'DMs must be careful in passing externment order'", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the chief secretary to issue a guideline to all the district magistrates to be careful in passing order under Bihar Crime Control Act.A division bench of Justice Mihir Kumar Jha and Justice A K Trivedi issued the directive while disposing of a criminal writ petition of Mister Yadav, who had filed a habeas corpus petition against his alleged detention under the provision of the Act.The court observed that the Act should not be misused. Under the provision of the Act, a district magistrate is empowered to extern any person as a preventive measure to maintain peace in the district.SIs' case: A single bench of Justice Samarendra Pratap Singh on Wednesday referred to a division bench the hearing of writ petitions of Amrita Rani and 66 other sub-inspectors, including those working and others undergoing training, who had challenged the state government's order asking them to explain as to why their services be not terminated in view of a high court order for appointing the SIs in reserved category only on the basis of caste certificate given by the district magistrate concerned.A couple of days back, Justice Singh had %fixed December 19 as the date to deliver the judgement. What would be the fate of those petitioners whose %age for getting a job had lapsed if they are removed from the service, Justice Singh had asked the government counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17715288", "title": "Sirvodem flat gutted in fire", "text": "MARGAO: A flat at Sirvodem-Navelim was totally gutted in a fire on Friday night with the loss estimated at 30 lakh. No one was hurt.Fire officials said that the fire broke out at 11pm in a flat owned by Craston Fernandes, located on the first floor of a building. Fire officials deployed two fire tenders to douse the flame. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, fire officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714314", "title": "Case against MLA to be reopened", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered to reopen the case against the present MLA of Karaikudi assembly constituency, Cholan C T Palanichamy in connection with a cheating case.Accordingly, the superintendent of police (SP) of Sivaganga district has been directed to appoint a competent officer not below the rank of deputy superintendent of police (DSP) as investigation officer (IO) and the IO has been further directed to reopen the case and lay the charge-sheet within a period of three months.The petitioner approached the judicial magistrate court once and then the high court for three times since March, to bring the MLA in the ambit of cheating. Pulling up the police, the high court observed that it has seen right from the beginning that police had not shown any interest in the case.Hence, the high court is compelled to form an opinion that the investigation against the proposed accused (the MLA) was not properly done by the police inspector.Justice N Kirubakaran passed the order after hearing the petition. According to the petitioner, Palanichamy, who belongs to the AIADMK, had borrowed Rs 11 lakh at the rate of 1.5% interest before the state assembly election in 2011. But, he was yet to repay the money to the petitioner. When the petitioner asked him to repay the money, the petitioner verbally abused and threatened him.Regarding this, a complaint was lodged before the Sakkottai police in Sivaganga district by the petitioner on January 21 this year. As there was no action for 15 days on the part of police inspector, the petitioner sent a representation to the SP.Since no action was taken, a petition was filed before the judicial magistrate court, which on February 20 ordered the inspector to register a case against the MLA. However, the matter was not investigated and the petitioner approached the Madurai bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715247", "title": "Low soil moisture hits rabi crop cultivation", "text": "PUNE: Low rainfall in the last two years has restricted the total cultivable area (for rabi crop) in the district to 48%. There has been a drastic reduction in soil moisture due to which farmers are not able to sow seeds.The low rainfall in the state for last two years has restricted the total sown area to 48% in Pune district so far. Low rainfall in 2011 and 2012 has resulted into severe reduction in soil moisture that has discouraged the farmers from undertaking sowing activity.Crops such as jowar, groundnuts, red gram and green gram and some oil seeds will be affected, said a senior official from the district agriculture department.Maharashtra is a major producer of pulses, particularly red gram. Apart from the demand in the local market, pulses are supplied to other parts of the country too.This has not only affected the state government's food planning, but has also resulted in a huge stock of fertilizers being left over in the market. The state agriculture department has claimed that out of 57,896 tones of fertilizers received by the government for the district, only 38,272 tones have been sold so far. There is little possibility of them being sold further, said an official.The remaining 19,624 tones of fertilizers are with authorized traders and cooperative societies. Either these will be stored with the government or shifted to other places as required, the officer added.Popat Kalokhe, a farmer from Indapur, said that he has bought close to five quintals of fertilizers for his vegetable and food-grain farming, but he did not sow the entire land as there was no water supply. \"I have used only one quintal of my total stock. I wonder what will I do with the rest,\" said Kalokhe. He said he does not have a storage facility to keep the fertilizers till next July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717366", "title": "Prabhas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Mirchi audio release in Jan", "text": "The latest buzz is that the audio release of Prabhas-starrer Mirchi will be held at a grand public function at Nanakramguda cine village (Ramanaidu Studios) on January 5, 2012. The film is almost done with the shooting part and would enter into post production stage shortly. Prabhas will be romancing Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay in this entertainer.The makers are planning to release the movie in the first week of February. Writer Koratala Shiva is making his directorial debut with this movie and Devi Sri Prasad composed music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17718060", "title": "Half-yearly English II exams stump Class 10 students", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 10 students across Tamil Nadu were stumped by their half-yearly common English II exam paper on Saturday morning. At least three questions, amounting to nearly 15 marks were incomplete.Students reported that the first question in the paper, which required students to fill in the appropriate phrases in the blanks provided, missed two blanks though the choices were given. Question 14 of the paper asking students to study a pie chart and answer questions based on it had the chart but no questions. Number 18, also a fill in the blanks question, did not show the spaces that students had to fill. Each question carried five marks.\"As soon as I saw the question paper I became nervous because I did not know how to answer the questions. I was worried that only my question paper had flaws and was about to ask the invigilator about it when our English teacher offered clarifications,\" said a student of a private matriculation school in the city.Schools complained that, being a common question paper for Class 10 students across the state, they had orders not to open the question paper envelope till the specified time. \"So, the teacher did not have time to even run her eyes through the paper to check for mistakes,\" said a city school head. As soon as the alert English teacher came across the errors the teacher jotted down the clarifications and went to each classroom to inform the children taking the exam. \"I am not sure how many schools were able to do this during the exam. The half-yearly exams are considered a model for the boards. Such instances could shake the confidence of children taking the exam,\" the school head added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17718112", "title": "Previous govt's move affects building plans", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The public and corporation councillors feel that approval for building plans submitted by people is being delayed due to the merger of the town planning and engineering sections in the corporation.The corporation merged the two sections during the tenure of the previous government. Prior to the merger, the town planning section was headed by town planning officer and assisted by two assistant town planners, while the engineering section was headed by corporation engineer and building inspectors handled the approval of building permission.With the merger, the posts of town planning officer and assistant town planning officers were removed, and the town planning and engineering section is now headed by corporation engineer.The assistant engineer is approving the building plan up to 300 metre square, assistant executive engineer up to 750 metre square plan, corporation executive engineer up to 1,500 metre square, corporation engineer up to 2,500 metre square. Secretary and corporation engineer approve project plans above 2,500 metre square.\"We have already expressed our discontent regarding the merger of sections. Only the separation of both sections will help expedite the process of getting approval for the plans,\" said state president of Lensfed K Salim.\"No approval for building plans was given for two weeks when the officials were busy with submission of annual plan to the district planning committee.\"An official with the town planning section said shortage of staff has caused the delay in issuing project approvals.Councillor K Sathyanathan said the merger have adversely affected the execution of public works of the civic body. \"Councillors are finding it difficult to answer the questions of public due to delay in executing the works.\"Public works standing committee chairman M Mohanan said the sections were merged following a policy decision by the previous government. \"It can be revoked only through a government decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715256", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to widen part of Spine Road", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) plans to widen a 600-m stretch of the Spine Road at Triveninagar in Talawade to reduce traffic congestion, officials said.The 14-km Spine Road is an important link road from the Mumbai-Pune highway to the Pune-Nashik highway. The road, being developed by the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA), also connects major industrial units in the Pimpri-Chinchwad belt.PCNTDA chief executive officer Yogesh Mhase said the bottleneck was an inconvenience to road users. \"The PCMC needs to widen the stretch as it passes through their limits,\" he said.PCNTDA executive engineer Anil Suryavanshi said, \"The Spine Road connects the Pune-Nashik and Pune-Mumbai highways and the Chinchwadgaon-Ravet road, which pass through our limits. The stretch at Triveninagar has to be widened to 90 metre as per the PCMC development plan.\"An official from the PCMC engineering department said that the stretch in Triveninagar is only five metre wide and has many turns. The civic body plans to widen the road to reduce the daily traffic snarls, he said.Satish Pawar, a resident of Nigdi, said, \"The civic body should widen the Spine Road near Triveninagar chowk. The stretch is narrow, which slows down traffic movement. The road has many turns, so large container trucks passing through the chowk on their way to Talawade and Nigdi cause traffic snarls.\"Satish Poreddy from the PCMC engineering department said the town planning department had initiated the process of land acquisition to widen the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719055", "title": "Ko Ante Koti to release on Dec 28", "text": "Sharwanand starrer Ko Ante Koti has got its release date and the film would hit the theaters on December 28th. The audio launch took place recently and the makers are currently busy with the publicity campaign.Ko Antey Koti casts Priya Anand as the female lead while Real Star Srihari in prominent role. Anish Kuruvilla is wielding the megaphone for the movie while Sharwanand himself is producing the film on Sarvaa Arts banner. Shakti Kanth Karthick is the music composer of the film.Ko Ante Koti is gearing up for a release on December 28 while Ohmkar's directorial debut Genius will also hit the big-screens on the same day along with Allari Naresh's Yamudiki Mogudu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713968", "title": "Robotic surgery rids 35-yr-old of sleepless nights", "text": "MUMBAI: Anish Savankar (35) used to spend sleepless nights. He would be awoken from a deep slumber many a times\u00e2\u20ac\u201dnot by any intruder, but his own breath, which would catch in his throat more than once a minute. But ever since Savankar was treated with a robotic arm on December 16, the problem has become a thing of the past.For about 10 years, Anish who lives in Kandivli, had not had an uninterrupted sleep. What started as light snoring culminated into choking. He would wake up tired every morning. Anish visited many doctors, all of whom diagnosed him with obstructive sleep apnea. \"They would give me medications, which gave temporary relief. My weight had started increasing because of the lethargy I felt throughout the day and there were chances of me suffering from other lifestyle diseases,\" said Savankar.He then went to Asian Heart Institute, where doctors stressed on trans oral robotic surgery ( TORS). Dr Vikas Agarwal, ENT surgeon at the hospital, said Savankar was a high-risk patient. \"He had a heavy tongue and a big palate. So it became difficult for him to breathe when he would lie down. A sleep test done on him revealed that he choked 73 times every hour in his sleep.\"The doctors decided to conduct a surgery on the base of his tongue, palate and throat, with the help of a robotic arm. Dr Ramakant Panda, MD of the hospital, said, \"We have performed 118 surgeries with the robotic arm. These surgeries included kidney, prostate gland, gynaecology, heart, oncology and bariatric. It was thus a good opportunity for us to include one more specialty,\" he said.\"The best thing about the procedure was that we had two robotic arms to conduct the surgery and two human arms to assist. We got a 3D image of the patient's tongue, palate and throat with the help of camera in the arm,\" said Dr Agarwal. A part of the base of Savankar's tongue and part of his palate were removed. Doctors also operated upon his tonsils to give his respiratory tract breathing space. \"Even if I sleep for four hours, I get deep sleep. My stress has reduced,\" said Savankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714992", "title": "A story that was stillborn", "text": "NAGPUR: It was around 7.30am on April 4, and I was busy preparing my daughter's tiffin for school. I heard the buzz of a message on my cell and asked my daughter to read it for me. \"Mummy, there's a message from Ranjit Uncle. Some foetuses have been found in the garbage in Bhande plot area,\" she shouted from the living room.Assignments or stories can pop up at any hour of the day for reporters. But such shocking news of three foetuses thrown away at one place is rare. I immediately rushed to the spot. But by then the police had taken away the jars containing the foetuses. I saw photographs of the foetuses taken by our photographer Dinesh only after I reached Government Medical College and Hospital for the post mortem.First, after interacting with some residents in the locality, I began spying on the nearby maternity homes. I took down details, like names of doctors and phone numbers, from the board outside each hospital, in case I needed them later for the story.I also informed my seniors about the foetuses. For the next few hours I was on my toes trying to gather all the details. When I reached office by 4pm and told the latest details to resident editor Sunil Warrier, the story was already listed for the front page, and other TOI centres too had been informed about it. The story appeared important to me in the wake of MP Supriya Sule's anti-foeticide rally next day in the city.By 7pm, the story was almost complete, with questions remaining only about who could have thrown the foetuses and why. Then came the biggest shock of the day. The post mortem report said they were lab specimens from some medical college. This put paid to all the effort I had made on the story. Now, I had to rewrite the story, and finished it only at 11pm.However, what still haunts me is whether the foetuses were really specimens? The forensic report had said the foetuses were medically terminated abortions. So, there was a possibility that the doctor or quack who threw them away had first immersed them in formalin (a laboratory preservative), so no one could assess the actual cause of death. This would save the doctor even if he were to be caught throwing away the foetuses. But we will never know.At the end of the day, I could only take solace, and give myself a pat on the back, for having worked harder on the story than any other reporter in town. Of course, seeing the story with my byline on the front page the next day did give me a kick, something that keeps all reporters going.(Snehlata Shrivastav highlights the scientific community trying to find cures for the ills in society)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714571", "title": "Narendra Modi won on communal divide, Congress says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Madhusudan Mistry said Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was wearing the \"garb of development\" but his politics continued to be communal that could not change.While dismissing the rising Modi-for-PM chorus as \"impossible\", Mistry said, \"He (Modi) is wearing the garb of development but the underlying reason for his victory is communal divide. He keeps harping on it. The use of words for the Centre is deliberate - sultan, sultanat, miyan. Why did he raise the issue of Sir Creek? That's because it pertains to Pakistan .\" He said it would be the country's \"blackest day\" if Modi became PM.Drafted into the Rahul Gandhi-chaired election panel for 2014, the AICC leader said Congress erred in neglecting the organization in cities and gave a free run to BJP.\"We are weak in cities. We did not pay adequate attention there. That is the main reason for our defeat. We should have focused on urban centres. We don't have any of the six municipal corporations. We have to change our strategy,\" he reasoned.He said 65% people in cities live in slums and Congress should have forcefully highlighted their neglect.Mistry oversaw a rare sweep in Sabarkantha, with Congress winning six out of seven assembly seats.The big victory for its bugbear Modi has forced Congress into silence but Mistry was upfront in questioning the hypothesis that \"Modi magic\" was at work. \"If it is so, then why do we perform well in Lok Sabha polls. In 2004, we won 12 seats and BJP won 14; in 2009, we won 11 seats and lost three by close margins. If there is Modi magic, why does it not work in national polls?\" he said.Post-defeat, the former MP sought a change of approach in Gujarat. \"What we need is a strong and live organization... we have to lead a sustained campaign to expose the Modi regime over 2-3 years and not start talking against it just ahead of elections,\" he said.The AICC leader questioned the claim that Muslims voted for BJP in this election, an analysis flowing from Congress defeat in seats with high minority voters. While arguing that there was no empirical data to prove this, Mistry said, \"What is fact is that independent minority candidates ate into our Muslim votes and we lost. Our defeat does not mean Muslims voted for BJP.\"Mistry added, \"If BJP was so confident of shifting Muslim sympathy, then why did it not field a single candidate from the community?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718781", "title": "I-T recovers 7 crore from 3 Surat doctors", "text": "SURAT: The income tax (I-T) department recovered unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 7 crore from three leading doctors and a hospital group in the city on late Thursday evening.A staff of more than 50 I-T officers fanned out in the city and raided the clinics, hospital and the residences of the doctors on Thursday. At the end of the day-long operation, the doctors declared a total of Rs 7 crore as unaccounted income.Earlier, the I-T sleuths have raided real estate developers, agents, diamond company owners, jewellers, fabricator, silk mill owner, jari and textile traders.Sources said the department is likely to carry out search and seizure operation on the hospital groups and individual doctors in the city in the coming days.\"We have recovered a huge amount of undisclosed income from the tax evading doctors of the city. They (doctors) have been taking hefty fees from the patients and that they are not maintaining records in order to evade paying tax to the government exchequer,\" said a senior I-T officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17713166", "title": "12-year-old found dead in Tuticorin, relatives say she was raped", "text": "TUTICORIN: A 12-year-old girl was found strangled in Tuticorin district of southern Tamil Nadu on Friday. Claiming that she had been raped, her relatives staged a protest demanding the arrest of the culprit. However, the police maintained that they could not confirm if she was raped, and said they were waiting for the post-mortem report.The body of the Class 7 student Punitha was found behind bushes in an isolated area near a railway crossing at Thathankulam.Police said Punitha had left for school at Nazareth on Thursday, but did not return home. Relatives later found that she had not attended school, and lodged a police complaint.On Friday morning, they got information about an unidentified body of a girl in her school uniform behind the bushes at Thathankulam railway gate.They rushed to the spot and identified the body. Senior police officials visited the spot and sent the body to the government hospital for post mortem. \"The girl was strangled to death with the shawl of her school uniform. We could not confirm if she was raped as there were no visible signs. We are waiting for the post mortem report and a clear medical opinion,\" Tuticorin SP J Rajendran said.However, police said there were injury marks on her body which could have resulted during her struggle to escape from the culprit. \"We do not know the motive of the murder. Our team is yet to zero in on any suspect,'' Rajendran said.The girl's uncle, Sivaraman, who was among the protesters blocking traffic demanding the arrest of the culprit, said the state of the girl's body, her torn dress and the circumstances clearly indicated rape.The girl was last seen by relatives around 6.45am on Thursday when she left for school with friends. The group usually walks to Thathankulam railway gate from where they board a train to Nazareth.However, on the fateful day, her friends got lift from motorists headed towards the station which is a common practice in the area, leaving Punitha behind. Her relatives told police that she could have been dragged into the bushes while she was walking alone and raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714614", "title": "Death came cheap for college student", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"H,\" that is the code name for heroin, a drug that is readily available in Chandigarh for Rs 1,600 per 1 gram. One \"line\" of heroin, weighs 1gm, the quantity usually sniffed by consumers.Peddlers in the city used to sell 4gm, which makes four lines, for Rs 6,000, giving a discount of Rs 400.However, going by the price of 1gm of heroin from drug peddler Gagandeep, police personnel doubt the quality of heroin being supplied in Chandigarh. According to a policeman attached with the Radhika death probe, \"Radhika was given a small pill and she sniffed mist, which was generated after rubbing the pill on a table in the hotel room.\"In the late night circle of Chandigarh, charas is codenamed Karina while smack is called 'Katrina'.The two code names were revealed after the arrest of 25-year-old Khushi Malhotra of Sector 34 outside a discotheque in Sector 17 on July 22, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713924", "title": "Delhi united in anger, grief", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the physiotherapy student putting up a stiff fight for survival, people who are perfect strangers to her came to her doorstep in droves bearing the message of solidarity. Such were their numbers that doctors attending to her were forced to issue an appeal to citizens to keep the area protest-free. \"The hospital is for all. We don't want hindrances for the emergency vehicles and appliances. Citizens, please keep the area free of protests,\" Dr BD Athani, medical superintendent, said.As students and professionals joined housewives and unemployed in raising their voice for justice, evidence of their anger was witnessed in most parts of the city and this time a team of physiotherapy students from Safdarjung Hospital pitched in. Stepping out of the hospital in the afternoon the students said their participation is independent of their work obligations. \"There are a lot of things common between her and us. She is a physiotherapy student and is admitted in the same hospital where we study. We hear a lot about her from our seniors. And we are angry. Very angry,\" a student said. \"We just know that she is a fighter and want her to keep fighting the odds till the end,\" another student said.The youngest of the lot was a sharp-tongued group of 50 from Gargi Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya who came with colourful banners. \"They should be made to suffer before they are hanged to death,\" Shivali, a Class X student, said. Another suggested that it should be men who are not allowed to step out of their homes at night. \"They are the ones who are dangerous to others. Why should women be asked to stay at home?\" Simran Arora, a student of Class XI, said. Homemakers, belonging to their mothers' generation, brought with them packets of red chilly. They were all for giving woman the agency to protect herself. \"It is time to stop being polite and act when eve-teased,\" Ranjana, a resident of Sarojini Nagar, said. Friday was the fifth day of protest in the city and by evening the crowds at India Gate had swelled to thousands as protesters waved India flags and chanted and sang. Women wearing black bandanas demanded stringent punishment for rapists. Some even demanded death on a case-specific basis. Youngsters from Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University organized paintings and street plays.Yet another group, under aegis of the newly-launched Aam Aadmi Party, held a sit-in at Jantar Mantar. Its leader Arvind Kejriwal said the need of the hour is to set up fast track courts. A peace walk was held by Jamia Millia Islamia students. It pledged 'zero tolerance to sexual violence'.At 9.45 pm, Facebook group Night Walkers were seen on the India Gate lawns demanding video surveillance on buses and behavioural science classes in schools. They said they would continue their stir right through the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "koriyama (fukushima)", "code": "17717693", "title": "IAEA chief Yukiya Amano calls for a sense of urgency in dealing with the nuclear issue", "text": "KORIYAMA (FUKUSHIMA): IAEA chief Yukiya Amano has warned that if there is no solution to the vexed Iranian nuclear issue, the situation is going to escalate.\"Talking to The Times of India here on the sidelines of the Fukushima ministerial conference, days after the latest round of negotiations between Iran and the UN nuclear watchdog, Amano called for a sense of urgency in dealing with the situation.Amano described the situation as worrying. This was even as he admitted that there had been some progress in talks between the IAEA and Iran on December 13 and that both sides did seem willing to reach an agreement. We have been negotiating for close to 1 year but we don't have concrete results and that is worrying,\" Amano told, adding that he had identified areas where Iran needed to do more.There has to be a sense of urgency. If we cannot find solution, the situation will escalate. IAEA wants to solve the issue through diplomatic means and we remain committed to dialogue,\" he added.Talking on record for the first time about the outcome of the December 13 dialogue, Amano still managed to sound hopeful when he said that both sides seemed to be moving towards an agreement.We have just finished the last round and while there was no agreement, there was progress. Both sides are willing to reach an agreement and that is the right path because it is in the interest of Iran too,\" he said. IAEA wants to be able to visit sites in Iran, including the military facility at Parchin, and scrutinize records related to what Amano described as activities concerning development of nuclear explosive devices.Iran too had earlier described the latest round of negotiations as positive. Amano described the issue as very complicated. As a member of NPT, Iran should not be developing nuclear weapons. We are not saying that Iran has nuclear weapons but we have information that Iran has engaged in activities related to development of nuclear explosive devices and so we want to clarify,\" said Amano. For that to happen, Iran has to cooperate with us.Without cooperation from Iran, we cannot say whether or not their activities are for peaceful purposes,\" he added. Amano said that the IAEA-Iran talks were completely independent of the Iran-P5+1 process. Their scope is different. We have nothing to do with sanctions and we don't make any security assessment. IAEA is about safeguards and implementation of UNSC resolutions and about ascertaining if Iran's activities are for peaceful purposes,: said Amano.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719786", "title": "Anushka in Bollywood?", "text": "Most of Anushka's contemporaries like Tamannah, Kajal and Trisha have ventured into Bollywood.But it looks like namma Anushka doesn't have any such ideas. The actress seems to be happy and content to be a part of the Tamil and Telugu film industries. In fact, she plans to reach great heights here. The actress somehow feels that she isn't apt for Bollywood despite many offers knocking at her doorstep.Anushka's Alex Pandian opposite Karthi is all set to hit screens. She also has Irandam Ulagam in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17715382", "title": "Nigerian, Bangalore tourist injured in Mandrem scuffle, held", "text": "CALANGUTE: On Wednesday, a Nigerian, Henry Akabak,30, was seriously injured after he was stabbed by a tourist from Bangalore, Robert Alford, 34, at a guesthouse in Mandrem.It is learnt that the Nigerian was stabbed when he assaulted and tried to molest Robert's sister. Robert has been arrested by the Pernem police and charged under Section 307 IPC.His sister, meanwhile, has lodged a complaint against Henry accusing him of having assaulted her with fist blows, kicks on her face and chest and attempting to molest her. The Pernem police have registered an offence under Section 323, 354, 506 IPC against the Nigerian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714279", "title": "Filmfare awards to be held on January 20", "text": "BANGALORE: In a year that will celebrate the 100th year of Indian cinema, the 58th Idea Filmfare Awards will be held at Yash Raj Films Studios in Mumbai on January 20, 2013. It was announced here on Friday.Jitesh Pillaii, editor, Filmfare, said: The awards ceremony is a double celebration for us... 100 years of cinema and 60 years of Filmfare. The celebration of excellence, the magic of the movies and a meeting of stalwarts of the Indian screen. The Filmfare awards truly capture the vigour and madness of the motion picture industry.\"Actor Sonam Kapoor who announced the awards ceremony, said: \"I have grown up reading Filmfare. I had to sneak it in, as film magazines were not allowed at home.\"Asked about who she thought would walk away with the top acting honours this time around, Sonam said that the year gone by belonged to her first co-star Ranbir Kapoor for his outstanding performance inBarfi. As for the Best Actress category, she predicted that Vidya Balan would win for Kahaani.Ambrish Jain, deputy managing director, Idea Cellular, said: \"Our continued association with the Idea Filmfare Awards for the last five years is a testimony of our efforts to offer rich content to our users.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17715484", "title": "Sugarcane farmers still blocking Yamunanagar-Kurukshetra highway", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Demanding hike in sugar MSP, sugarcane farmers continued to block the Yamunanagar-Kurukshetra national highway, the second day on Friday.The farmers assembled here from across Haryana have also threatened to stop the supply of sugarcane to sugar mills, if state government does not accept their demand.Local administration throughout the day on Friday left no stone unturned to persuade the farmers to lift the jam, but to no avail.Thousands of them from various districts of Haryana had started assembling in Radour town of Yamunanagar on Thursday morning.Peasants under the banner of Bharti Kisan Union(BKU) held kisan mahapanchayat demanding increase in sugarcane price and blocked the NH-73 at 1.30 pm on Thursday.There are 13 sugar mills throughout Haryana and Yamunanagar is the largest sugarcane supplier in the state. At presently, farmers are getting Rs 235 per quintal for sugarcane but they are demanding Rs 354 per quintal.\"Haryana farmers can't sell sugarcane on no profit no loss basis. Recent report of Haryana agriculture department say that cost of per acre sugarcane is Rs 240. The state government is cheating us,\" said Vijay Mehta, BKU secretary, who is leading the agitation.The farmers had not lifted the blockade till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714028", "title": "Property worth lakhs gutted in fire at Mahesh Nagar", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic gripped Mahesh Nagar locality on Friday after a fire broke out at a godown here. Police said that air-conditioners and refrigerators were stored in the godown. Property worth lakhs of rupees was gutted.According to the police, the fire took place at a godown situated in the Swej Farm locality. \"The reason of the fire is being investigated, however, it seems some short-circuit sparked it. The panic spread when the ACs started exploding in the fire. Several neighbours heard the explosions and seeing smoke emanating out of the godown, called the police and fire brigade,\" said a police officer.The police cordoned off the area. The officer added that JMC fire tenders were rushed to the spot. It took them almost two hours to douse the fire. \"Thankfully there was no one in the godown when the fire spread,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17716874", "title": "Thirty-three new spider species discovered", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have discovered 33 new trapdoor spider species in Southwest America belonging to the genus that includes a notable species named after US President Barack Obama.These newly described species belong to the genus Aptostichus that now contains 40 famous species including Aptostichus barackobamai, named after Obama.Jason Bond, who is a trapdoor spider expert and director of the Auburn University Museum of Natural History was excited at the prospect of such a remarkable and large find of new species in the US.\"California is known as what is characterised as a biodiversity hotspot. Although this designation is primarily based on plant diversity, the region is clearly very rich in its animal diversity as well.\"While it is absolutely remarkable that a large number of species from such a heavily populated area have gone unnoticed, it clearly speaks volumes to how little we know of the biodiversity around us and that many more species on the planet await discovery \" Bond said in a statement.Like other trapdoor spider species, individuals are rarely seen because they live their lives in below-ground burrows that are covered by trapdoors, made by the spider using mixtures of soil, sand, or plant material, and silk.The trapdoor serves to hide the spider when it forages for meals at the burrow entrance, usually at night.Aptostichus species are found in an amazing number of Californian habitats to include coastal sand dunes, chaparral, desert, oak woodland forests, and at high altitudes in the alpine habitats of the Sierra Nevada mountain range.Bond said, \"this particular group of trapdoor spiders are among some of the most beautiful with which I have worked, species often have gorgeous tiger-striping on their abdomens\".He noted that while a number of the species have rather fanciful names, his favourite is the one named for his daughter Elisabeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714312", "title": "Tourist info centre opened in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Now, tourists and new comers to the temple city can collect information about the district and its tourist places with ease, as an information centre has been inaugurated by V V Rajan Chellappa, corporation mayor on Friday at the Rani Mangammal Chathram, which has been renovated at a cost of Rs 50 lakh.The information centre is strategically located just opposite to the Madurai Junction railway station at the chatram to help the tourists. The main aim of the centre is to provide information to the tourists on various places in the district that deserve a visit. The information centre also has colourful photographs along with the details of places of worship in the temple city.The tourists, who visit the information centre can also know about the eco parks, solid waste management, Vaigai drinking water scheme, sewage water treatment plants and their photographs along with rare images of Madurai Corporation.During the inauguration, a short film on the city, places of Madurai during ancient period and its latest developments, which has been produced exclusively to attract the tourists, was screened. Anshul Mishra, Madurai district collector, R Nanthagopal, corporation commissioner, R Gopalakrishnan, deputy mayor, A Mathuram, city engineer and K Dharmaraj, district tourism officer were present during the inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17719274", "title": "Soon, lamps powered by gravity", "text": "LONDON: A British company hopes to bring electric light to 1.5 billion people who live off the grid with an incredible electric light that is powered by gravity.The GravityLight uses a sack of sand to gradually pull a piece of rope through a dynamo mechanism which generates electricity to power an LED light.Its makers claim that a three-second pull on the rope to raise the sack will keep the LED bulb running for up to 30 minutes.The light, named GravityLight, works by suspending a bag filled with a heavy substance like rocks, dirt or sand from the light.London-based design and innovation initiative deciwatt.org designed the GravityLight as a sustainable lighting solution for the 1.5billion people in the world who have no reliable access to electricity.Most of these people rely on biomass fuels like kerosene for lighting once the Sun goes down, but such fuels can be hazardous to health - as well as posing a fire risk.Deciwatt.org, a division within design company Therefore, which came up with the casing for the Psion range of handheld computers, say the trend for rapid advances in technology has made their product possible.Their website cites Koomey's law, a lesser-known parallel to Moore's law, which describes how the number of computations possible per joule of energy has doubled roughly every year and a half since the Fifties.The flip side of this is that relatively simple devices progressively need less energy to run, making possible a whole range of relatively simple gadgets that can be powered by unconventional means.The GravityLight was co-invented by Martin Riddiford, who designed the Psion hardware, and Jim Reeves , both directors at London-based Therefore.\"We've done a number of projects, including the Psion products - where the requirements were incredibly efficient in terms of power usage,\" the Daily Mail quoted Riddiford as telling The Register.\"The digital age has made products much power hungry but now there's a reversal of that - everyone's chasing lower power again,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17718831", "title": "New roads will keep 172 villages connected round-the-year in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: The work of around 214 roads in the tribal district of Gadchiroli, costing almost Rs. 254 crores, has been taken up as a part of the Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana. The central government scheme is meant for improving the road connectivities in the rural districts.In the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli where road connectivity is very poor, the scheme based on improving the roads and joining the remote villages to the main corridors running across the district is likely to drag out the region from the status of having the lowest human development index as per the latest state report.TOI learns that around 272 villages are going to benefit from the scheme this year with the facility of having roads round the year. The scheme, which has now entered the ninth phase, is set to join 30 such villages to the main roads where the population is more than 250. Many of these hamlets earlier either used to remain cut-off in the monsoons or the roads would be flooded or shall become unusable.In the ninth phase, around 82 work orders were sanctioned and Rs 133 crores made available. The works in such sanctioned projects are expected to get over by the March coming year. It is learnt that already 152 villages have benefitted from the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713264", "title": "Ravi Jain elected to DDCA post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ravi Jain was on Friday elected one of the joint secretaries of the Delhi and District Cricket Association ( DDCA) in its elections.Apart from Jain, Ravinder Manchanda, Anil Jain, Salil Seth, Dinesh Saini, Dinesh Sharma and Subhash Sharma were also elected as joint secretaries. Ashok Sharma, Harsh Sharma, Siddharth Singh, S K Choudhury, Surya Prakash, Vikas Katyal and Krishnath Agarwal were elected as directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17714140", "title": "Illegal power at RWA office", "text": "NOIDA: The city's discom has disconnected electricity supply to the office of the Federation of Noida RWAs (FONRWA) even as Noida residents have been protesting against hike in power tariffs. Supply was disconnected to the Sector 52 office of FONRWA after officials found that the power connection being used from the past two years was illegal.Power officials have alleged that the office premises had not been running on a metered connection thereby causing substantial losses to the state exchequer. Discom officials, however, did not deny the collusion of its own officials in extending an illegal connection to the office. A probe is being undertaken to verify as to how the office had been running on an illegal connection for over two years.\"Supply will be restored only after penalties are exacted upon the defaulting office. A decision on whether legal proceedings are to be initiated in the matter is yet to be taken,\" said a senior official.\"An underground cable got ruptured when Noida Authority was undertaking maintenance work. Our connection is perfectly legal,\" said NP Singh, president, FONRWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718148", "title": "'Yamla Pagla Deewana 2' makers plan to release film in June 2013", "text": "After delivering Yamla Pagla Deewana in 2011, the Deols are now gearing up with its sequel, which, as per the insiders, is slated for a release in June 2013.Dharmendra , along with his sons Sunny and Bobby have already wrapped up the London schedule on December 4. The remaining portions will be shot in Banaras early next year. The Deols have decided to release the film on 7th June 2013.Sunny Deol , on the development, said, \"It's the longest schedule shot overseas for any film. Shooting in Leicester and Birmingham was just perfect.\" He even thanked his cast and crew for the support. \"All I can say is, If you liked the original, you will enjoy this one as well. It is a great family film and a complete entertainer,\" said Sunny.While the Deols will reprise their roles from the previous film, Neha Sharma and Kristina Akheeva will play the female leads. The film also features Johnny Lever , Anupam Kher , Annu Kapoor and Sucheta Khanna in pivotal roles. The film is been directed by Sangeeth Sivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715358", "title": "Govt to frame investment policy for all industries", "text": "PANAJI: Shaken up by the drop in revenue due to the halt in mining, the state government has decided to put in place a long-pending investment policy to attract employment-generating industries to Goa.The stoppage of mining activities has dropped Goa's revenue in various sectors to around 1,200 crore.A comprehensive and composite policy is in the making. A preliminary meeting was held on Friday to decide about the broad outline of the policy. \"There won't be any separate policy such as IT or pharma policy, bio tech policy. Proposed investment policy will be composite and include all segments of the industry,\" said sources in the industries department.Since 2007-2008 till November 2012, total investment by micro, small, medium and large industries has been 680 crore. Trust areas of the proposed policy will be on environment-friendly, employment-oriented green industries with focus on local skill. Non-performing schemes of the department will be withdrawn.The 'industries policy' was last framed in 2003 and though subsequently, IT policy, food processing policy, bio-tech policies came to be framed, they have not been successful in getting desired investment to the state.The policy which the government intends to come out with, will be framed considering market trends and latest dimensions. \"It will be a complete roadmap for attracting investments that will also bring jobs to Goans,\" the sources added.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently said that the thrust areas would be IT, light engineering, biotech.To ensure that industries setting up shops here create job opportunities for locals, the sources said incentives will be extended to only those industries that will have some jobs for locals. To make Goa investment-friendly, the new policy will cut down on procedural delays. The single-window system will be made applicable.New industrial estates have been planned in Tuem (Phase III) 79,330 sq m and Tuem (phase IV) 130000 sq m, Sancoale (phase IV) 1,59,700 sq m, Poinguinim (Canacona) 3,86,448 sq m, Sircaim (Bardez)8,35,000 sq m, Latambarcem (Bicholim) 391,487 sq m. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718200", "title": "Ronnie Wood marries 31 years younger lover", "text": "Ronnie Wood married theatre producer Sally Humphreys, who is 31 years his junior, in a hush-hush ceremony with old pal and former bandmate Rod Stewart as his best man.When asked beforehand how he was feeling, the 65-year-old Rolling Stone guitarist replied by saying: \"Fantastic. It's a great day.\"Humphreys, who has been dating the guitarist for just six months, said: \"I'm really excited.\"\"And for anyone interested I'm wearing my mum's wedding dress,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.Close family and friends were all sworn to secrecy about the ceremony at the swanky Dorchester Hotel in Mayfair, central London.Humphreys, 34, looked radiant in her traditional white gown clutching a bouquet of pale roses, while Wood opted for a blue suit as they arrived in a black Mercedes at 3.30pm.Sir Paul McCartney and wife Nancy Shevell were among the guests.Humphreys had previously said that she and Wood had intended to wed early next year.The rocker asked Humphreys' parents for permission before he popped the question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714871", "title": "Sewagram ashram to be beautified", "text": "NAGPUR: The government is preparing a project report to beautify Sewagram and Paonar Ashrams. It will also set up a convention centre and improve tourism facilities to cater to the large number of people who visit Sewagram Ashram which was set up by Mahatma Gandhi in 1936.Rural development minister Jayant Patil told the legislative council that the government would also beautify road junctions in Wardha and provide information to public about life of Mahatma Gandhi through various means in these squares.Replying to a query, he said that the Bapu Kuti was maintained by the ashram trust and government could not repair it. He also denied that it was in a bad shape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715226", "title": "Workshop on court matters by rural police", "text": "NASHIK: The rural police have organised a special workshop on court craft for the officials at the Maharashtra Police Academy on Trimbak Road on Saturday.Around 60 officials from the rural police and city police commissionerate are expected to attend the day long workshop.Principal district judge Premchand Bora, public prosecutor Ajay Misar and defence lawyer Avinash Bhide will speak at the workshop.Police officials participating in the workshop will be guided on why trials fail, what do judges expect in the form of evidences from investigating officers during trails, what do public prosecutors require from police officials while putting victim's side of the story.Additionally, defence lawyer Avinash Bhide would be speaking on how the police should study criminal cases.The one-day workshop is being held under the directives of the Director General of Police in order to improve conviction rate in the state. The conviction rate in Maharashtra is below nine per cent, whereas states like Kerala, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and New Delhi have a conviction rate of 50 to 60%. A similar workshop was organised by the city police last month at the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University in Gangapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715426", "title": "Cops on hunt for wily agent who preys on elderly people", "text": "KOLKATA: Beware of a group of frauds, who may sneak into your house posing as humble magazine agents. In the last two months, such imposters duped nearly a dozen elderly people in and around the city. Despite several attempts by the cops, the gang of fraudsters is still elusive.A couple of days back, an elderly person landed at Ira Ghosh's residence at Garfa Purbachal in South East Kolkata. Seventy eight-year-old Ira was with her domestic help at the house then. Her son works at a Midnapore college and daughter-in-law was away at her office.The elderly man introduced himself as a representative of an international publication house and convinced Ghosh to be a subscriber of different magazines of the publication at a cheap rate. Then the person asked her to pay Rs 10 as registration fees. When Ghosh paid the cash, the person refused to take it and asked for a cheque citing office norms behind the request. Ghosh took out her chequebook and the person himself wrote the amount on the cheque. Ghosh also checked it and found everything normal. However, during conversation she forgot to cross the cheque and it remained as a bearer one.The next day, Ghosh found that Rs 72310 was withdrawn from her account through the cheque issued to the magazine agent.A similar thing happened to another elderly person Kanailal Kar at Garfa Second Road. He had also given the agent a cheque of Rs 30. But Kar was prompt. Hours after handing over the cheque, he suspected something was wrong and went to his bank at Santoshpur. But he was late. The imposter, by then, managed to withdraw Rs 45630 from Kar's account. He informed the officers at Garfa police station and they scanned the CCTV footages of the bank. After going through the footages, Kar managed to identify the imposter who collected the cheque from him.Police said in both the cases, the imposters were elderly persons and hence difficult to suspect. What's more interesting, the imposter himself wrote the cheque, said an officer. Probe revealed that while writing the cheque, the fraud kept empty space before the original amount. \"In front of Kar, he wrote Rs 30. Later, he utilized the empty space and added Rs 45,600,\" said an officer.In a similar way, a gang of frauds duped some elderly persons at Beliaghata and Howrah. \"The imposters are targeting elderly persons, who stay alone at their houses in the afternoon,\" said an officer. Despite having the photograph of one of the imposters, police are still clueless. \"We are trying to find out and at the same time requesting people not to give such cheques without verifying the identity of a person,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714034", "title": "Reebok case: Bail rejected for two", "text": "GURGAON: The bail applications of Subhinder Singh Prem, former managing director, Reebok India, and Vishnu Bhagat, former chief operating officer of the company, were rejected by a district court in Gurgaon on Friday, their lawyer,Praveen Agarwal, said.The judicial custody of Prem, Bhagat and Sanjeev Mishra, the three remaining suspects in Gurgaon police custody, has been extended to January 4, Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17718578", "title": "Delhi gang rape disturbing, shameful, says shaken Mary Kom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic bronze-medallist Indian woman boxer MC Mary Kom has joined the nation in condemning the gang rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in the city, saying that the ghastly incident has left her shaken and distressed.The 29-year-old mother-of-two, is praying for the girl, who is battling for life in a city hospital after being brutalised in a moving bus by six men, all of whom have been arrested by the police.\"The sheer brutality of the incident has left me completely shaken. I hope it never happens to any girl. I am praying that the victim survives. It is deeply disturbing that an incident like this took place in a modern society. We have to reflect on where we are headed as a society,\" Mary Kom said.\"As a woman, I am distressed and I can understand the pain of the victim. It is shameful and needs to be condemned in strong words. Being an athlete I can't suggest what needs to be done because this is the job of the government.\"The government and the police have to ensure that women feel safe in the country. They have to do what is necessary, whether it is making stricter laws or whatever but such incidents have to stop,\" asserted the five-time world champion.The plight of the victim, whose male friend was also badly beaten up by the culprits, has outraged the country with protesters taking to the streets to express their anger at the incident.Protests have been taking place at India Gate and outside Congress president Sonia Gandhi's 10 Janpath residence over the dastardly crime on Sunday night.The government has vowed that the chargesheet in the case will be filed by Delhi Police \"quickly\" seeking maximum punishment of life term for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718255", "title": "Supporters flood BJP office but Cong's deserted", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Congress leaders, it seems, had an inkling of the poll results even before the counting began for the 13 assembly constituencies in the city on Thursday.The Congress office in Dandia Bazaar that was abuzz with party workers during the poll campaigning wore a deserted look on Thursday. Not a single Congress worker was present at the office. In fact, the office was locked up hours after the counting began.In contrast, the BJP office in Sayajigunj was abuzz with party leaders and supporters who were eager to catch up on the poll results. BJP had kept a television set outside the building that houses its office.In the BJP office, senior leaders like N V Patel and mayor Jyoti Pandya were seen following the poll results closely. Patel was keeping tab on the votes and calculating victory margins. BJP's IT cell too was busy calculating victory margins and losses to BJP in Vadodara district.Outside the office, hundreds had gathered to cheer for the party causing chaos and leading to traffic jam on the busy Sayajigunj Road that connects Old City to posh Alkapuri area. Even the counting centre at Polytechnic College was dominated by BJP supporters who turned in thousands to support the winners. BJP workers danced to DJ music and burst firecrackers during the victory processions. Some of the Congress candidates were seen quietly sneaking out of the counting centres to avoid embarrassment.Cops had tough time managing traffic near Shastri Bridge. \"We accept the defeat with grace and congratulate BJP candidates for their victory. We had worked hard for last two years and will keeping making efforts,\" said city unit president of Congress Narendra Rawat, who was upset as he wasn't given ticket for Sayajigunj despite being promised by senior leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718049", "title": "Special Chabbis", "text": "CreditsDirector: Neeraj Pandey Cast: Akshay Kumar, Manoj Bajpai , Jimmy Shergill, Anupam Kher Genre: Heist, DramaSynopsisSpecial Chabbis is an edgy gritty heist drama directed by Neeraj Pandey of A Wednesday fame. The film stars Akshay Kumar, Manoj Bajpai, Jimmy Shergill and Anupam Kher in pivotal roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17715360", "title": "Dharbandora lacks proper medical facilities", "text": "PONDA: The first 60 minutes in any medical emergency is known as the 'golden hour' and can be a matter of life and death for a patient. But locals of Dharbandora taluka do not have any well-equipped medical facility where patients can be rushed to within these 60 minutes.The government formed the Dharbandora taluka on April 4, 2011 comprising five village panchayats, Dharbandora, Molem, Colem, Sacorda and Kirlapal-Dabhal with a total population of 25,000 people. Pandurang S Naik, secretary of Molem village panchayat, said the taluka has only health sub-centers at Molem, Dharbandora, Sacorda and Kirlapal-Dabhal and a rural medical dispensary (RMD) at Collem. Besides these, there are some dispensaries run by mining companies at Molem and Sangod villages, he said.\"All these centres work in the day time and there is no medical facility during the night time and on holidays,\" Krishna Matnekar, a resident of Collem pointed out.Dattaraj Khandeparkar, a local from Cole, said in an emergency they have to carry the patient all the way to Ponda, Cacora-Curchorem or Sanguem health centers. \"All these health centres are away from Dharbandora and it takes one-and-a-half hour to reach them with a patient,\" Khandeparkar added.Ramakant Gaonkar, sarpanch of Kirlapal-Dabhal, said they have health sub-centres at Bandol and Dabhal, but have no fixed doctors. In an emergency they have to rush to Ponda ID hospital which is 25 to 30 km from their villages, he added.\"The Dharbandora taluka completed over 20 months now, but the government has failed to provide proper health care facility in the taluka. People had demanded the formation of taluka to get such important facilities, but it has not happened,\" Gaonkar said.Doctors from Cacora-Curchorem community health center visit the Dharbandora heath sub-centres on particular days. All of them visit during the mornings and after that the villages have no medical facility.Sanjiv Dalvi, director of health services, said his department has taken over the Central hospital at Tiska-Usgao which is 15 to 20 km away from Dharbandora. The hospital is under renovation and would start soon as a primary health centre.\"We need a well-equipped hospital in our taluka which would provide round-the-clock service and could save lives of our villagers,\" the Dabhal sarpanch said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17714141", "title": "Man killed by in-laws of ex-girlfriend", "text": "NOIDA: Police claim to have solved the case of a 26-year-old man whose body was found in Noida on December 18. Cops said the victim was killed by his former lover's in-laws after which his body was dumped in Sector 37. The victim was the son of a sales tax inspector in Mathura and had been tricked by his former lover, who had recently gotten married, to come to her husband's house near Faridabad where he was beaten up and later choked to death.On December 15, Suraj left his home in his car without informing anyone to meet his ex-girlfriend. Since the victim had been missing from Haryana, a missing person report had been filed there. Noida police have now transferred the case to Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704898", "title": "Divorce among over-60s doubled in 10 years", "text": "The proportion of so-called \"silver splitters\" - people over 60 separating from their husband or wife - has almost doubled in a decade, according to the Office for National Statistics.Divorce lawyers suggested that increasing life expectancy and a greater \"lust for life\" among those in their 60s than in previous generations meant that for many people retirement has become a time to reassess their life, the Telegraph reported.Others said that so-called \"empty nest syndrome\" when children grow up and leave home, also removed some of the bonds holding long-term couples together.The figures also show a spike in the number of people in their early forties deciding to divorce, suggesting that the \"midlife crisis\" is one of the biggest factors behind marital break-up.Changing social attitudes are laid out in a breakdown of the figures showing that adultery as a cause of divorce has fallen to an all-time low, with \"unreasonable behaviour\" by one or other party now the dominant cause.Overall a total of 117,558 married couples finalised their separations in England Wales last year, down from 119,589 in 2010.The 1.7 percent fall came after a surprise five percent increase in 2010, but the ONS warned that it might be only temporary, following patterns in previous recessions in which unhappy couples sat it out until their house goes up in value before making the break.The ONS calculated that 42 percent of marriages now end in divorce - down from 45 percent six years earlier.Meanwhile the average marriage now lasts about 32 years - while around a fifth of all people getting divorced are serial divorcees.The figures also suggest that the \"seven year itch\" is still a reality, with those between the fourth and eighth year of marriage statistically more likely to separate within a year than any other group.But the highest number of divorces for both men and women was among those aged between 40 and 44, falling steadily among those in their late forties and fifties.Significantly, however, it rises again when people turn 60.Last year eight per cent of all husbands who got divorced - or 9,439 - were over 60. A decade earlier the proportion was 4.6.The pattern was similar among women, rising from 2.6 per cent to five per cent in a decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719086", "title": "Nagri activist Dayamani Barla gets bail in protest case", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Friday granted bail to social activist Dayamani Barla, who has been in jail for over two months for leading a protest against the government's land acquisition bid to set up an educational hub ofNagri. After getting bail from the court of Justice S C Mishra, Barla said, \"This is the victory of the people of Jharkhand who are not ready to part with their land. My struggle for the protection of land and natural resources will continue.\"The social activist was in jail since October 16. She was initially sent to the judicial custody by a chief judicial magistrate in a case of 2006 for leading a protest march demanding that villagers be given MGNREGA job cards or at least unemployment allowance in Angada block of Khunti district after she surrendered before the court. The warrant was issued by the court in September after which she surrendered. Two days after her surrender, Barla was granted bail in the MGNREGA case.However, police again arrested her on October 19 for leading the protest of tribal farmers who are opposed to the Jharkhand government acquiring 227 acres of land in Nagri village, 15 km from here. Krishna Murari, Barla's advocate, said police had arrested the social activist based on an FIR which was registered on August 15 in the course of protests at Nagri village for leading a group of farmers who entered the plot where NUSRL and IIM had already constructed boundary walls and cultivated the land. \"The court granted bail as my client did not create any law and order problem during the protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714309", "title": "Girl, dad run over by truck in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A 22-year-old medical student and her father, a section officer in Madurai Junction railway station, were mowed down by a water tanker.The accident took place in front of the Mattuthavani integrated bus terminal during the peak traffic hours on Friday morning.The deceased were identified as Sharmila, 22, a first year medical student at the Government Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital in Thirumangalam and her father Sivaprakasam, 55, of Therku Theru in Melur. Sivaprakasam came to the bus terminal to drop his daughter in his motorcycle. The accident took place when Sivaprakasam tried to take a U-turn around the road divider in front of the bus terminal.Public, who witnessed the incident said that Sivaprakasam lost control of the motorcycle and fell down, when a rashly-driven share auto shoved the two-wheeler to the middle of the road. Even as the shell-shocked public rushed to save Sivaprakasam and his daughter who fell on the road, a speeding tanker mowed them down. Sharmila suffered severe head injuries while Sivaprakasam was run over by the tanker's tyres over his abdomen, eyewitnesses said.The accident also brought to light the rash driving by share autos and traffic menace caused by the haphazard attitude of the auto drivers. \"Traffic confusion always prevails in the area due to the share autos. They would stop all of a sudden to pick up passengers and would reach the middle of the road with least regard to other vehicles moving on the road,\" said a motorist.The truck driver escaped from the spot after abandoning the vehicle in the middle of the road.Police, who rushed to the spot recovered the bodies and sent them to the Government Rajaji Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713174", "title": "Parliament shows some improvement, passes seven bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a modest improvement on sessions of Parliament since the winter of 2011, both Houses passed seven bills, including important legislations relating to economic reform and law enforcement.Although the just concluded winter session was marred by disruptions and days were lost due to differences on FDI in multi-brand retail and the quota in promotions bill, Parliament managed to pass amendments to money laundering and unlawful activities laws.Bills relating to pension and insurance reforms could not make it, but the finance minister had a silver lining by way of the amended banking laws and the security interest and debt recovery bill. Rajya Sabha functioning on Thursday saw the banking amendments being legislated.However, there is not much to boast of beyond these bills as other business that was passed related to a constitutional amendment granting special status to Hyderabad-Karnataka and the north-east reorganization amendment bill. These were bills that received unanimous support. Passage of the supplementary grants was the other business.Samajwadi Party's blockading of Lok Sabha over the quota in promotions bill put paid to the possibility of legislations like amendments to the motor vehicles Act and the land acquisition bill being considered.According to PRS Legislative Research, Rajya Sabha functioned for 58% of its allotted time and Lok Sabha for 53%.In Lok Sabha, the motion on FDI in retail was discussed for about 11 hours over two days. In Lok Sabha, three calling attentions were held on dengue and chikengunia, plight of coconut growers in Tamil Nadu and dilution of jute packaging material. In Rajya Sabha, one calling attention was held on the suspension of Indian Olympic Association by International Olympic Committee.Eight bills introduced during the winter session remain pending. There were 102 bills pending before the start of the session and this number is now 104.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714007", "title": "Maharashtra rapped for vacant consumer forum posts", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's inaction leads to hardship for people, said Bombay high court on Thursday, lambasting it for delay in filling vacant posts in consumer courts across Maharashtra.A division bench of acting Chief Justice D D Sinha and Justice K K Tated, during the hearing of a PIL, was miffed with the state's affidavit giving reasons for the delay in filling the posts. In the reply, Satish Pawar, registrar, State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, said interviews commenced in July 2012 but the process was halted temporarily. This was because the chairman Justice (retd) S B Mhase was in hospital for a month, principal secretary was abroad for training and upon return has been busy with minister Anil Deshmukh at the Nagpur session.\"We deprecate the state government's attitude for not filling the posts in time,'' said Justice Sinha. \"The state government's action is not in the interest of the public. If you want every order from the court, what is the need to have departments? Your inaction leads to hardship for people at large,\" said Justice Sinha. The judges said the process to fill posts that are getting vacant must start three months in advance. Pawar's affidavit said the process is on and will be completed by January 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718748", "title": "Die Hard, Lethal Weapon among best X-mas films of all time", "text": "Golden oldies such as the 1946 Jimmy Stewart feel-good film 'It's a Wonderful Life' has topped a list of the best-reviewed Christmas movies.Other favourites in the top five on the list - released by the Rotten Tomatoes website - included the 1942 Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire musical 'Holiday Inn' and Tim Burton's 'The Nightmare Before Christmas,' while blockbuster action films 'Die Hard' and 'Lethal Weapon' were also highly rated, the Daily Mail reported.'It's a Wonderful Life' vaulted to the top spot from being voted in at number five in 2009, when the list was last compiled, bumping 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' from its best-reviewed status.World War Two drama 'Stalag 17,' released in 1953, and 1947's 'Miracle on 34th Street' also came in the top five.Films that use the festive season as a backdrop for the plot such as 'Die Hard,' which was number six on the list, and 1983's 'Trading Places' at number nine, were also eligible, the website said.Rotten Tomatoes, which analyses film reviews and assigns a score based on total critical reception, applied that same formula to Christmas films for the list, Matt Atchity, the website's editor in chief, said.The top 25 Christmas films are:It's A Wonderful Life (1946)Holiday Inn (1942)The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993)Stalag 17 (1953)Miracle on 34th Street (1947)Die Hard (1988)Arthur Christmas (2011)A Christmas Story (1983)Trading Places (1983)Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale (2010)Lethal Weapon (1987)A Midnight Clear (1992)A Christmas Tale (2008)While You Were Sleeping (1995)Scrooge (A Christmas Carol) (1951)Elf (2003)Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang (2005)Gremlins (1984)The Santa Clause (1994)The Bishop's Wife (1947)Bad Santa (2003)8 Women (2002)Batman Returns (1992)White Christmas (1954)The Ref (1994)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714811", "title": "Consumer forum imposes Rs 12,000 fine on Nagpur Improvement Trust", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur District Consumer Forum has imposed a fine of Rs12,000 on Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for allegedly harassing a plot-owner. A bench comprising chairman Rohini Kundle and members - Geeta Badwaik and Alka Patel - passed the decision in favour of Arvind Bagaddeo and directed NIT to pay Rs10,000 as compensation towards harassment and mental agony, and Rs2,000 as cost of the litigation. Tushar Mandlekar represented the complainant while BS Dabhadkar argued for NIT.The forum found NIT guilty of deficiency in services and unfair trade practice as they had failed to develop the plot even after charging Rs1,32,714 from the plot owner. The forum held that NIT was responsible for the collection of \"development charges\" and hence, it was obligatory for it to develop the layouts.Bagaddeo had bought plots in \"Kale Layout\" from the original plot holder. The cost of \"development\" was included in cost of the plot and was recovered by NIT, but they didn't develop the plot sufficiently, hence were deficient in their services.NIT argued that the complainant was not a consumer since the original plot owner deposited the money. The trust further argued that it is a statutory body and is supposed to develop unauthorized layouts in Nagpur under Gunthewari Act. The development works like pipelines for water has been completed and other works are in process.The forum held that although the development works could not be completed due to paucity of funds, NIT is responsible to recover development amount from the plot owners and complete the development works. However, the trust failed in its duties to develop the plots due to which the senior citizen could not construct the house. Hence, it was held that NIT provided deficient services and hence, the consumer is eligible to get the compensation. The forum also directed NIT to completely develop the consumer's plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713387", "title": "Minimum temperature in Mumbai dips by 2 degrees", "text": "MUMBAI: After days of steady weather, city temperatures witnessed a slight dip on Friday.For more than a week, night-time temperatures in Santa Cruz remained at 19 degree Celsius while those in Colaba were recorded near 22.5 degree Celsius. On Friday, though, minimum temperature in Santa Cruz was 17 degree Celsius-about two degrees below normal. The temperature was about normal in Colaba at 21.7 degree Celsius. The weather department said a major difference in temperature over the next two days is unlikely.According to the weather department, Mumbai is cooler due to the chill up north. \"But most of the winds blowing in from the north still have some easterly componentThis means that even though the northerly winds are cool, they are being balanced out by easterly winds,\" said N Y Apte, dy director general of Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai.On Friday, minimum temperatures fell by 2-3 degrees over several northern states such as east Uttar Pradesh, east Madhya Pradesh, north Chhattisgarh and isolated pockets of Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Saurashtra and Kutch. The lowest minimum temperature of 2.9\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded at Churu (Rajasthan) in the plains of the country.Meanwhile, in Mumbai, day-time temperatures remained above normal. While Colaba recorded 33.7 degree Celsius, Santa Cruz, 33.9 degree Celsius. The evening relative humidity, though, remained low with 48% in Colaba and 44% in Santa Cruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17719298", "title": "Follow Gujarat model, Munda tells people", "text": "RAMGARH: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday urged the people to follow the voters of Gujarat who gave an absolute majority to the BJP to help Narendra Modi continue in power to pave way for a speedy development. Munda was addressing the Hunkaar Rally here jointly organized by Ramgarh and Hazaribag units of the BJP. \"The Manmohan Singh-led UPA government has failed to control price hike of all essential commodities and its leaders are involved in all kinds of scams. We want absolute majority not only in Jharkhand but also at the Centre to form government for speedy development of the country as well as the state,\" the chief minister said.The state government has been doing well in every sector and focuses on development of youth, women and girl children. The government has a target to provide jobs in technical sector to as many as 2,50,000 youths of the state in the coming five years, Munda said. Senior BJP MP Yashwant Sinha blamed the Congress for using the CBI to force Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati to support FDI in retail sector bill in the Upper House. Sinha, who was one of the organizers of the Hunkaar Rally, said although the opposition had the majority to stop the FDI bill in the Rajya Sabha, the fear of CBI prompted the SP and BSP members to stage a walkout .\"We had the majority to stop the FDI bill in the Upper House but no power to use the CBI in political game which helped the Congress pass the bill amid nationwide protest,\" he said. Sinha claimed that the BJP would win 60 seats in the coming assembly polls in 2014 to give full majority to Arjun Munda. The rally was also addressed by social welfare and tourism minister Vimala Pradhan, BJP state in-charge Harendra Pratap, state party chief Dineshanand Goswami, Giridih MP Ravindra Pandey, Dhanbad MP PN Singh, former MP Mahavirlal Vishwakarma, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17718104", "title": "Recovery of booty key to probe: Cops", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Failure to recover the gold ornaments, which were reportedly missing from the safe deposit lockers at the K P Kesava Menon Road Branch of Punjab National Bank , has become a major hurdle for the police to make any headway in the case. Though the police have zeroed in on two of the bank employees as suspects, they could not be arrested due to lack of proper evidence.The investigation is progressing based on the complaint filed by three petitioners. Over 100 sovereigns of gold, deposited at the safe deposit locker of the bank, are reportedly missing.A senior police official told TOI that the police can file the chargesheet with the available evidence. \"But the major issue is recovering the gold because the complainants will also be concerned about their valuables.\"The officer said it has become almost sure that such incidents cannot happen without the connivance of the bank staff. The bank should take steps to compensate the loss for the customers. \"But the question is that how the loss would be estimated as there are no documents to show the quantity of gold kept in the lockers.\"According to officials, the CCTV visuals of the bank have given evidence of lapse from the part of the bank staff in handling the keys of the locker room and failure in properly maintaining the register, which records the date, time and name of the person who enters the locker room. However, only the recovery of the missing valuables could lead to the arrest of the suspects, said the officials.Though the bank staff have been giving contradictory statements they have not admitted to have any link with the incidents, said the officials. The police have moved the court seeking permission for polygraph test. The laxity from the part of police in conducting investigation after receiving the first complaint, in February, has already invited criticism. The police started investigation only after receiving the second complaint against the bank on November 2. The third complaint was filed a couple of days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715537", "title": "HC vacates stay on results for 14,000 new PGT posts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While vacating the stay on the announcement of results for around 14,000 new posts of Post Graduate Teachers (PGTs), the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday held that only those who clear the Haryana Teachers Eligibility Test (HTET) would be eligible for teaching posts in Haryana.With these orders, candidates having qualified the eligibility test of state, other than Haryana or Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET), will not be eligible for these teaching posts in the state.A division bench headed by chief justice A K Sikri also upheld the condition of Haryana School Teachers Selection Board (HSTSB) that all candidates with four years of teaching experience are eligible for appointments if they qualify HTET before 2015.The bench passed these orders while dismissing a petition filed by some HTET qualified candidates, who had sought directions to quash the selection criteria which allowed candidates, who have not qualified HTET but are working in any recognized school for the last four years, to become eligible for these posts.In June this year, Haryana had advertised around 14,000 posts of PGTs in which the government had given relaxation to those candidates from qualifying HTET having teaching experience of four years.The petitioners had contended that the government was exempting the candidates from HTET just to accommodate the guest teachers working in various schools of the state for last so many years.Acting on their petition, the HC had restrained HSTSB from declaring the final result of selection in August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714079", "title": "Criminals run down constable", "text": "JAIPUR: A week after arms smugglers shot dead a police constable and seriously injured an assistant sub inspector (ASI) in Dholpur's Diholi area, a police constable was crushed to death by criminals who were driving a pick-up jeep in Karauli's Mahuwa area late on the Thursday night.The constable was chasing the jeep after it broke the barricades put up at the police outpost near Balaheri village, police said.According to the police, the incident took place around 10.30 pm. The deceased constable has been identified as Yogendra Singh (36) and was deputed at Mahuwa police station's Balaheri outpost.\"Some policemen deputed at Balaheri police outpost including ASI Bholeram, ASI Bhupendra Singh and two constables Yogendra Singh and Bhagwan Singh were on night duty and had put up barricades outside the station. They saw a pick-up jeep without a registration number and signaled it to stop. However, the vehicle broke through the barricades and sped away,\" a senior police officer said.The policemen informed the SHO of Mahuwa police station Chiranji Lal Meena and started chasing the vehicle with a jeep.\"A barricade was put up on national highway 11. Seeing the police force, the pick-up jeep in which there were at least four men took a U-turn and sped again towards Balaheri village. When they were near Lundhiyana village, they stopped the jeep and turned off the headlights,\" the officer said.When the police teams, including the one headed by Mahuwa SHO, approached near the vehicle, the criminals turned on the lights and once again managed to get away from there.The police then informed the residents of a village towards which the criminals were heading. The villagers blocked the road by parking a truck across it.\"When the criminals saw that they have been trapped, they got violent. Constable Yogendra got off the police jeep and tried to prevent the criminals from escaping from there. The criminals had stopped their vehicle, but suddenly started it and drove it towards Yogendra and ran the jeep over him. Yogendra died on the spot,\" the officer said.SHO Mahuwa tried to chase the criminals, however, they managed to get away. \"We have registered an FIR. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.Arms smugglers had shot dead police constable Rajendra Singh (30) and seriously injured an assistant sub inspector in Dholpur's Diholi area recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714743", "title": "Minister, secy out on road to check situation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The outrage among citizens following Sunday's gang rape prompted minister of state (home) R P N Singh board a local bus without any security around 9pm on Friday and travel incognito for about half an hour.Singh, who took the bus on route 604 from Moti Bagh and got off at Chhatarpur Metro station, spoke to women passengers during the journey. \"If women say they feel unsafe, I can now understand why they are saying so. The roads were completely deserted and while I crossed four police stations on the way, I did not find any PCR van or policeman,\" he said.Two women from the aviation industry told him that they needed to travel at night due to the nature of their work and had to face eve-teasing on several occasions. Police presence is not sufficient to make them feel safe, they added.Singh, who undertook the surprise trip in consultation with Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , said he would submit a report to the ministry. Such surprise checks are likely to become a regular affair, he added.Home secretary R K Singh also made a round of Connaught Place at night to check the situation.The authorities have already asked the drivers, cleaners and other staff of any public transport to paste detailed information about themselves along with a photograph on the front windowpane of a bus or auto and on the back of the front seat in case of a taxi. The government has also decided to close all bars and discotheques in the city by 1am.The decisions have been taken following a series of meetings of various agencies, including the Delhi government's transport department, the central government, Delhi Police and women welfare agencies.R K Singh said, \"We are now going to check every bus, even a DTC bus, and there will be strict action on tinted glasses on any vehicle, permit violations and if driver is not carrying the PSV batch. The vehicles will be straightaway impounded.\"Putting the number of prosecuted vehicles this year at 261,173, police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said, \"If any person comes from other states with a driving licence, the transport department will have to now test him whether he is fit for driving in Delhi.\"Both Singh and Kumar claimed that they would increase checking of public transport vehicles in the city and government buses would ply for longer hours. GPS will also be installed in all buses and autos. \"People of Delhi will feel safe at any time, day or night, now as we are going to show how policing is done,\" R K Singh said.The police commissioner said, \"The drivers and other staff of all public vehicles would be registered and given an ID. In case of any violation, the vehicle would be directly impounded and permit would be cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17713103", "title": "Leslie Claudius to be honoured posthumously", "text": "KOLKATA: Hockey legend Leslie Claudius will be posthumously honoured at the Ninth International Anglo-Indian Reunion scheduled to be held in the city early next month.\"We wanted to bestow the honour on him at the meet for being such a great sportsman. Not only has he brought laurels to the country, he has also been an ambassador for the sport of hockey and the Anglo-Indian community. We will miss him. The award will now be handed over to his son Brandon,\" said Philomena Eaton, convenor of the Reunion as well as the Calcutta Anglo-Indian Service Society.Incidentally, Anglo-Indian MLA Shane Calvert had on August 4 this year, honoured Leslie for his contribution to the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17720228", "title": "CCE adding to stress: Teachers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Almost four years after the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) introduced Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), teachers are still straining to cope with the additional work load.According to Ritu Batish, a teacher at a private school, \"Whenever the board takes a decision to be implemented immediately, specific guidelines should be mentioned to make it easier to follow. Although the move is commendable, it has added to the stress level of teachers because of the considerable paper work involved. I feel CCE implementation should involve teachers too as we are the ones who give projects and work on it for hours.\"Anu Sharma, a teacher and resident of Sarabha Nagar said, \"Usually, a teacher's work starts at 8am and ends at 2pm. We bring work home only during the exams. But after the implementation of CCE, we spend hours vigilantly checking and evaluating students' work.\"What Is CCE?System launched by CBSE in 2009 to evaluate students on a regular basis.CCE helps improve student's performance by identifying their learning difficulties and employing suitable remedial measures.Activities include assessment, project work and research related to topics from various subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714658", "title": "Sistema, Kudankulam shadow over Putin visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as India and Russia are poised to sign almost a dozen agreements during President Vladimir Putin's day-long visit on Monday, Sistema and Kudankulam promise to sour the summit.India has told Russia that it would not intervene in the Sistema imbroglio. The Russian telecom company, which is owned by a close friend of Putin's, had its licence cancelled in the wake of the 2G scam. Sistema did not participate in the auction, and instead asked the government to lower the floor price.A bigger problem occurred because there are now no more takers for the CDMA technology. However, Russian ambassador Alexander Kadakin told journalists on Friday that it was a \"political\" and not a judicial decision. Russia has consistently maintained that governments can take decisions that courts may not be able to take. Senior officials in the Indian government say the government just cannot intervene.India, however, will buy 42 more Sukhoi 30-MKIs from Russia, a decision that was cleared by the Cabinet. Kadakin said there are other deals in energy and defence that would be signed.But Kudankulam remains another abiding problem. Kadakin said Kudankulam 3 and 4 are \"grandsons\" of 1 and 2, and therefore should escape the liability law. \"It is normal for functioning of international treaties and agreements and long established practice that it cannot be retroactive,\" he said.The Indian government has refused. This is likely to mar discussions on the subject as well. India is also likely to raise concerns about the delay in Gorshkov, which is now expected to arrive only at the end of 2013. \"This is a sophisticated state-of-the-art weapon system. We want a baby delivered who will be healthy, smiling and shouting. So, I don't think you should be disappointed. If you want a good health baby, let us wait,\" Kadakin said.\"Let us wait till Monday. All kinds of agreements... We are cooperating in various fields. I am saying from the outer space to sea bottom. Even the sky is not the limit. That is why, a number of agreements, which will embrace and cover all fields of human activity between India and Russia, will be signed,\" Kadakin added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719400", "title": "Artists flock to Ranchi for Palash 2012", "text": "RANCHI: Artists are gearing up to paint the canvas with their imagination at the national art camp-cum-workshop 'Palash 2012'. Thirty artists from Kolkata, Indore, Mumbai, Chattisgarh and many other states are participating in it. Organized by the Chotanagpur Arts Research and Developing Society (CARDS), it's a three-day event in the capital city beginning Friday.While those from other states are working on themes like the recent gang rape in Delhi, the local artists have regional concerns as their theme. V Nagdas from Chhattisgarh said, \"We are moving towards development, but nobody feels secure in their lives these days. There is no peace in this modern developed world. The glaring example of this is the recent gang rape in Delhi which has shocked the nation. We are insecure about what will happen to our daughters and sisters if they move out. On my canvas, somewhere, the theme I will portray the insecurity in our lives today.\"Shabnam Shah from Indore echoed similar sentiments. She said, \"The culture of a place is often depicted in an artist's works, whether knowingly or unknowingly. I have a fascination for the colour black and I love nature. My painting will be a reflection of the same.\" Local artists are more concerned about local issues such as urbanization and ecological imbalance.\"Nowadays, we see apartments and buildings coming up everywhere. This has made it difficult for us to enjoy nature's beauty. We are losing the green cover and forest areas which are being cut for the sake of development and urbanization. I think this is a serious issue and through my painting, I will try and address this,\" said Biswanath Chakrabarty, a local artist.\"It's an event where artists will gather and share their views on and experiences about the latest art trends and the art market here in the country. The paintings made by them will be put on sale,\" said Haren Thakur, secretary of CARDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17719353", "title": "Maoists losing ground in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Maoist violence has decreased in Bokaro in the past three years, with 2012 witnessing the least number of rebel attacks in the once active Red zones of Jhumra, Luggu and Upperghat.Barring one incident, where rebels torched an earthmover in Gomia, there was no report any major Maoist attack in the district. Bokaro police, in the past 12 months, have arrested six Maoists, including two leaders. Though the number is less than that in 2011 when 18 Maoists were arrested, it is significant as the police were successful in tracking down a sub-zonal commander.The six Maoists arrested are commander Fulchand Soren alias Pravil Da, Bahadur Turi, Janaki Mahto, Mahender Mahto, Jangal Mahto and Binod Mahto. The Maoists lost most of their commanders in the North Chotanagpur Zone, which includes Bokaro, said SP Kuldeep Dwivedi.Police have also recovered huge cache of arms and ammunitions and successfully averted violence by foiled attack plots. However, district police feel the sharp decline in number of incidents does not mean that Maoist problem has ended. \"This is the time to remain more alert and strengthen intelligence network, policing and strategies against the outfits by knowing about their plans,\" said Dwivedi. He said police are still looking for Maoist leader Ajay Mahto, who is reportedly trying to develop a base in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17719530", "title": "State MLAs face harassment cases", "text": "RANCHI: At least three lawmakers of Jharkhand have cases related to rape, molestation and insult to women pending against them, if a report by the Association for Democratic Reforms is to be believed. Preparing the report on the basis of affidavits filed by candidates in the run-up to the 2009 assembly polls, the ADR, an ngo which keeps an eye on election-related matters, said five persons who entered the fray in that year had sexual harassment cases pending against them. Of them, three entered the assembly. P 2An ADR spokesperson said among the three MLAs was former state human resource development minister Bandhu Tirkey. The other two MLAs are Banna Gupta of the Congress and Chamra Linda, an independent.\"A case under section 509 (related to using words, gesture, or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) is pending against both Tirkey and Linda. The case against Gupta is of more serious nature as he is accused under Section 354 of IPC which means assaulting or using criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty,\" said the spokesperson.The two candidates who lost the election in 2009 were Anup Kumar Rankraj of the Samta Party and Radheshyam Goswami of All India Trinamool Congress, he added. \"The two candidates have cases of rape pending against them.\"Social activist Rajesh Ranjan said the three MLAs were elected because majority of the voters in their constituencies chose them even after knowing their past record. \"The voters should be blamed for this. The three MLAs have no respect for women and yet they got elected. If we really want to check crimes, be it against women or of any other nature, we will have to change the habit of ignoring the past of a candidate,\" said Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17715534", "title": "And you thought sleeping pills help you to doze off?", "text": "LONDON: Half of the benefits of taking sleeping pills may lie in the mind, coming from the placebo effect, a new major study has found.Researchers found the effectiveness of a range of common sleeping tablets were of \"questionable clinical importance\". The study questioned hypnotic pills, Z-drugs, after re-analysing more than a dozen clinical trials.Researchers from the University of Lincoln, Harvard Medical School and University of Connecticut , found drugs such as Sonata and Ambien worked once the placebo effect was taken into account, The Telegraph reported.\"Our analysis showed that Z-drugs did reduce the length of time taken for subjects to fall asleep,\" said Niroshan Siriwardena. \"But around half of the effect of the drug was a placebo response. There was not enough evidence from the trials to show other benefits that might be important to people with sleep problems, such as sleep quality or daytime functioning ,\" Siriwardena said.Findings showed \"once the placebo effect is discounted, the drug effect is of questionable clinical importance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17713905", "title": "In Alwar, 6-year-old hospitalized after rape", "text": "ALWAR: Even as the nation fumes at the brutal gangrape of a girl in Delhi, in Alwar a 6-year-old girl was hospitalized after a man lured her into an abandoned house with chocolate and raped her.According to the child's family, she sustained serious injuries and has been drifting in and out of consciousness. Shockingly, amid the national outrage over lack of safety for women, the Rajasthan police displayed an indifferent approach in the case, allegedly refusing to lodge an FIR for three days and forcing the family to run from pillar to post. Eventually, the girl's kin approached the district superintendent of police and the accused was finally arrested after the senior official's intervention on Friday.\"The girl, a class III student, was returning home after dropping her brother at school on December 17. She was intercepted by one Lokesh Gujjar, a resident of UP who lives in a rented housenear Gopal Talkies in the town,\" said a family member.Lokesh offered the girl chocolate and asked her to come to a house near her residence. He told her he would give her more chocolates inside that house,\" said a family member.The accused then raped the girl and fled from the spot, leaving her severely injured and bleeding.The family members claim the girl somehow reached her house and fainted. She has been admitted in a hospital. Her condition is said to be stable but the bleeding is yet to stop.The girl's kin went to the Kotwali police station where they claim that the cops refused to lodge the FIR and even threatened them against lodging a complaint. In their complaint to Alwar SP Umesh Dutta, the family members alleged that some cops were conniving with the accused.\"We have arrested the accused and referred the FIR to the special women's police station for further action,\" said SHO, Kotwali police station Ganpat Lal.Meanwhile, in yet another rape case, a 15-year-old girl has lodged an FIR with the Muhana police station in Jaipur alleging that a distant relative raped her in Kota. The police have arrested the accused.According to the police, parents of the girl had gone to attend a wedding function in Baran district. \"A distant relative of the girl - Jitendra alias Jeetu - came to the girl's house on December 15 and told her a false story about her parents calling her to Kota. She went with them but Jeetu raped her there,\" said a police officer. The parents registered the FIR following which Jeetu was arrested on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "armai (gumla)", "code": "17719213", "title": "Shelter for the homeless and the hapless", "text": "ARMAI (GUMLA): Motherless Vinita, now an 18-year old girl, developed mental disorder soon after her poor performance in matriculation examination. But her woes were compounded when her father Bandhan Oraon remarried. Vinita's mother died when she was only three years old.She was spotted at the bus stand by some missionaries of the Sisters of Destitute last year. They took her to their 'home' at Armai - seven kms off the district town of Gumla. \"She is fast recovering from her disorder,\" said Sister Lekha, Sr Superior of the institute. There are 16 such mentally retarded women at the institute from different parts of the district. The home managed by a group of five sisters initially lacked the infrastructure to accomodate these women. But two months ago, district planning officer J J B Tirkey came to know about it and arranged many things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715259", "title": "Jail guard remanded in police custody", "text": "NASHIK: A guard of the Nashik central prison, Laxman Chango Solanke, was remanded in police custody for four days on Friday for allegedly carrying 61 grams of Ganja inside the jail premises.Solanke (47) resident of the Nashik Road Central Jail staff quarters in Nashik Road, was arrested by the Nashik Road police after he was found carrying the narcotic on Thursday.All the employees at the Nashik Road Central Jail have to go through physical check-in before entering the jail. On Thursday during the routine check, when Solanke was frisked by the other security guards on duty, they found 10 sachets of Ganja , he had hidden inside his shoes.Soon after the drugs were noticed, the Jail authorities contacted the Nashik Road Police, who subsequently arrested him. Accused Solanke was arrested under Section 27 of the NDPS Act.Deputy Commissioner of Police D S Swami of the Nashik Road police informed that this is the second incident of narcotic drugs being carried inside by the jail security persons. In January a security person Subhash Sabale was found while taking Ganja inside the jail premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17716943", "title": "Massive protest against Delhi gang rape at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thousands of people protesting against the torture and gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus and demanding safety for women converged at India Gate and marched towards Rashtrapati Bhavan here on Saturday.The rape victim is currently battling for her life in a hospital.The protesters started arriving at the site since early morning, and were soon joined by former army chief Gen VK Singh.They then began marching towards the high-security Rashtrapati Bhavan on Raisina Hill but were stopped by security personnel, who had put up barricades.Police have arrested all the six accused in the case but public anger has been swelling against the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720092", "title": "Sandalwood smugglers at it again, six trees chopped", "text": "INDORE: Sandalwood smugglers struck again in the posh Residency area of the city and chopped off six sandalwood trees at the premises of Madhya Pradesh Horticulture Department situated behind Residency Kothi. They marked ten other sandalwood trees in the premises probably to be chopped off later.The incident took place on Sunday but no FIR has so far been lodged. Horticulture department officials shrugged off their responsibility saying they had given a written complaint about the incident to the police and also demanded enhanced security in the premises. On the other hand, Sanyogitagaj police station, under which jurisdiction of the Horticulture premises also falls says no one has come forward to register FIR. Garden Superintendent of MP Horticulture Department, Hemraj Chaudhary said six sandalwood trees had been chopped off and ten other trees have been marked. \"I was on election training on Saturday and when I joined on Monday morning, the trees had been chopped off. Trees were freshly cut and it seems it was cut on Sunday night.\" Choudhary claimed that he himself had given written complaint to Sanyogitaganj Police station informing about the incident and demanded more security for the campus.This is not the first time when sandalwood trees have been chopped off in the premises. Five years back, around half a dozen full grown sandalwood trees were cut from the same campus. In recent years, several incidents of cutting of sandalwood trees from Residency area has been reported. TI of Sanyogitaganj Police station, Shailendra Shrivastav said no one has come forward for FIR in the case. Just a written complaint informing about marks on the sandalwood trees has been received, but it does not mention chopping of the trees. For us no crime has been committed if there is no FIR.District Forest Officer (DFO) Saeed Khan said Residency area in middle of the city and it doesn't come under forest department. Cutting of sandalwood trees is very serious and concerned official should register FIR and action should be taken in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17715480", "title": "What today's women want: Gentlemen from the 1950s", "text": "LONDON: Modern women regard the men of the 1950s as the most desirable of all time - and would love their 21st century counterparts to make more of an effort with their manners and appearance, a new UK survey has found.Although 79% of men surveyed felt that they behaved in a gentlemanly way towards their partners, only 52% of women agreed. Old-fashioned manners proved overwhelmingly popular among women, with 82% saying they preferred old style chivalry such as holding doors or buying flowers to their modern equivalent - buying a drink.Unlike modern males, men in the 1950's regularly held doors open for women, and had a wardrobe full of well-pressed two piece suits, the Daily Mail reported.The survey, undertaken by a men's grooming brand revealed that 61% of women think that the coiffed but manly men of the 50's are a vast improvement on today's incarnation. Along with the perfect manners of Mr 1950, modern women also revealed that they rated the sartorial skills of 50's man well above that of contemporary men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17719565", "title": "Mayan apocalypse: Celebs react to false alarm on Twitter", "text": "WASHINGTON: Kim Kardashian, Bethenny Frankel, Lauren Conrad and other celebrities took to Twitter to share their joy (and annoyance) over the forever-anticipated end-of-the-world false alarm.\"So is 12-21 Mayan April Fools Day? So happy the world didn't end today,\" Us magazine quoted Kim Kardashian as tweeting.Zach Braff wrote: \"What does one even wear to a Mayan Apocalypse? I hate being underdressed.\"Shane West tweeted: \"Apocalypse . . . Jesus people. Embarrassing that was the main topic on my feed. Gullible lemmings now enjoy the holidays!\"Lauren Conrad wrote: \"I was kind of counting on that end of the world thing . . . Guess I have to do my Christmas shopping now.\"Alec Baldwin added: \"It's after the End of the World deadline. If I'm dead, then I'm in Heaven. Bc I'm laying around watching The Graduate with Hilaria Baldwin.\"Seth MacFarlane tweeted: \"'The world will end December 21st, 2012!' . . . said the guys who practiced human sacrifice, thought the sun was magic, and worshipped corn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717872", "title": "Kal Penn finds 'White House job' more interesting", "text": "Hollywood actor Kal Penn is used to shuttling between his movie business and working in President Barack Obama's administration, but apparently finds his job at the White House 'most fulfilling'.Penn saw his move away from Hollywood and to the White House as a great way to serve, as he said he was \"taking a risk and putting his career on hold for two years.\"However, Hollywood, in the form of its chief chronicler, Deadline.com, says Penn \"has regained his stride nicely\" and says \"Post-White House, Business Is Good For Kal Penn,\" Politico reports.According to the report, Penn, who became a household name thanks to his roles in the \"Harold and Kumar\" movies and the Fox drama, \"House,\" joined the Obama administration in 2009 as an associate direction in its Office of Public Engagement and has bounced back between D.C. and L.A. ever since.Most recently, he served as a co-chairman of the Obama for America national campaign and said this summer that, while \"the two towns are very similar,\" his work in the White House was \"the most challenging and also the most fulfilling,\" the report said.Penn's recent acting resume proudly boats of \"How I Met Your Mother\" and the Discovery Channel's \"The Big Brain Theory \".He's also involved in three feature films, \"The Sisterhood of Night,\" \"Dementamania\" and \"Late Bloomer,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17715507", "title": "Haryana to have all-woman PCR from Jan 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come January 1 and each district of Haryana will have all-woman cop PCR vehicles to help females in distress.DGP S N Vashisht on Friday said the department has already initiated the process of deploying the PCR (police control room) vehicles. \"These PCRs will reach the spot even if police receive a call from a girl or woman face eve-teasing or harassment while travelling in a bus,\" said the DGP.\"Initially, one such PCR vehicle headed by a woman sub-inspector will be deployed in each district. In a few districts like in Faridabad, the police have deployed three PCR vehicles,\" he added.The initiative has been taken to control the incidents of rape, molestation and eve-teasing. The government has also decided to organize special training programme for its law officers for effective presentation of the facts before the courts.Additional chief secretary (home) Samir Mathur said in each batch of training session, 25 law officers would be trained at Haryana police academy in Madhuban.Inspector General of Police (law and order) Muhammad Akil said state prosecution department has agreed to provide its best law officers to contest the cases of rape victims. The conviction rate in rape cases in Haryana remains in the range of 25% to 30%, said the IGP. The police have also been asked to submit the challan in rape cases to the courts within 30 days after completing the probe of such cases.BOXIn distress, call 1091To get assistance from all-woman cop PCR in Haryana, any woman can call up on 100 of police control room or 1091 of women helpline of state police. According to government, the helpline is accessible from anywhere in the country or abroad and women police officials have been deputed to attend the complaints round-the-clock. In case of all-woman cop PCR is far away from the spot or busy in handling another complaint, then police officers would reach the spot to help the woman in distress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713121", "title": "Railways eyeing World Bank loan gain from surcharge pain", "text": "MUMBAI: The levying of a fresh surcharge on local train fares from January 1 will pave the way for smoother implementation of capacity expansion projects under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP), feel railway officials.A few months ago, MUTP was under stress as the state government and the railways were at loggerheads over revenue generation and funding. The state was upset that the railways had not levied the surcharges as planned in 2006 and 2009, letting go of an opportunity to raise Rs 80-160 crore annually. Implementation of the surcharge in 2003 fetches the railways Rs 80 crore every year.The decision to implement the surcharge in 2013, originally planned to go on till 2020, also augurs well for future projects for which the railways is seeking World Bank financing. A senior railway official explained: \"The World Bank is not only keen on timely implementation of projects, it also wants to see reform in the working of institutions.\"He said relations between the railways and the state have also improved. \"The chemistry is back because of positive developments. In Nov 2012, the state approved financing for the 12-car project on Harbour line, besides vacating the stay on commercial development of land at Bandra to raise Rs 2,333 crore for MUTP-II,\" he said.Financial institutions like the World Bank do not appreciate holding back the surcharge model in favour of subsidies. \"The World Bank is of the view that for better services, the railways and state should be willing to charge commuters.\"The surcharge will reflect the maturity shown by the state government and the railways in sticking to the terms and conditions laid down before the signing of agreement for MUTP-II. In Dec 2011, MRVC had approved the concept plan of MUTP-III (details in box left).The official said: \"We want to be ready with the blueprint for MUTP-III ahead of the completion of MUTP-II, whose deadline is 2015.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17714230", "title": "Advocate gets time to file objections to Eshwarappa's bail", "text": "SHIMOGA: District Lokayukta court judge RM Shettar has granted time till December 29 to advocate B Vinod to file detailed objections to the bail granted to deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa, his son KE Kanthesh and daughter-in-law R Shalini.The court granted bail to Eshwarappa and his family on December 15 in connection with an FIR filed by Shimoga police under Section 13(1) D, E and 120B of the anti-corruption Act along with Section 420 of IPC.Vinod had filed a private complaint on December 13 alleging that Eshwarappa, his son and daughter-in-law had amassed huge wealth; they purchased more than 50 properties worth several crores disproportionate to their known sources of income. The court, while permitting the application, has ordered Lokayukta police to investigate the case and submit a report before February 4 for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714850", "title": "Environment ministry eases clearance norms for highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: From now, highway development agencies won't have to apply separately for mining of soil/ earth for such works. As per new norms devised by the environment and forests ministry (MoEF), the highways ministry or any other agency such as NHAI can apply for clearance for getting soil/earth in one go when they apply for environment clearance.The \"workable\" decision was taken after highways ministry received support from law ministry for rationalizing the green clearance norms so that highway construct can be sped up and works can start early. Agencies like NHAI and concessionaires procure soil/ earth from areas along the alignment of road projects.As of now these agencies get separate clearances for road stretch and for mining. But MoEF in its recent guideline has mentioned \"more practical and workable\" method where the road construction agencies can combine issues of borrow mining of soil/ earth in the environment impact assessment (EIA) and environment management plan (EMP) report of the project while applying for environment clearance.However, it has listed a number of responsibilities on the agencies seeking green clearances that they have to furnish all details including mining methodology, approved mining plan from state governments, no objection certificate from gram panchayats, to mention a few.NHAI officials said this would bring some relief, though there would have been greater ease if soil/ earth was denotified as \"mine\".Meanwhile, on the issue of delinking forest clearance from environment clearance for a road project has been found and the law ministry in its letter (November 11) to MoEF and highways ministry has fourved the view that the green ministry should not hold back environment clearance for an entire stretch in case only a small portion of the highway is passing through forest area. This should be applicable only to widening projects. \"Our view is that already you have a two/ single lane passing through the forest area where traffic is already moving. Allow us to take up work on stretch which does not fall under the forest zone. If we don't get forest clearance, we won't expand the road on that particular zone,\" said an NHAI official.Another official added that the law ministry has agreed with the view that road side plantation - in many cases even done by NHAI - should not be treated at par with any reserved forest area and hence the issue of application of Forest Rights Act in such cases can be relooked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718152", "title": "Poll winner Savita Khant loses battle for life", "text": "VADODARA: A newly-elected Congress MLA on Friday passed away in a private hospital here after suffering brain haemorrhage.Savitaben Khant, 52, was on Thursday declared elected from Morva Hadaf assembly constituency in Panchmahal district.Khant was at the counting centre when she felt giddy and fell off the chair. She was rushed to a hospital in Godhra, the district headquarters of Panchmahal. After her condition deteriorated, the Congress leader was shifted to a private hospital here, about 100 km from Godhra, they said, adding she was kept on ventilator but died around noon due to brain haemorrhage, her family said.Khant, a resident of Viramiya village, had defeated her nearest rival Bijalbhai Damor of BJP by a margin of 11,289 votes in the newly-formed constituency. Tragically, she was unaware of her victory till she breathed her last. Her supporters rushed to the hospital here after learning about the illness. Khant's body will be taken to Godhra to enable the party workers to pay their respect before the last rites are performed, Panchmahal Congress leader Samarsinh Patel said. With Khant's death, the opposition party's strength in the 182-member assembly has been reduced to 60.After the news of Khant's death reached Godhra, Vechat's other wife Shanta also took ill. She was rushed to Vadodara for treatment at the Banker's Heart Institute. Panchmahal Congress vice president Rafiq Tijoriwala said that Shanta collapsed on hearing the news of Savita's death and was rushed to Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718873", "title": "Coast Guard ship commissioned at Porbandar", "text": "RAJKOT: The Indian Coast Guard Ship C-401 was commissioned at Porbandar on Thursday. The 30 metre-long interceptor boat with 90 tonne displacement can achieve a maximum speed of 45 knots. The vessel is fitted with state-of-the-art navigation and communication equipment and medium range armament. It is designed for high speed interception, close coast patrol, low-intensity maritime operations, search and rescue and maritime surveillance and is the first of the series of 36 interceptor boats designed and built by M/s Larsen and Toubro , Surat.It was commissioned by Air Marshal AK Gogoi, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, South Western Air Command.Deputy Inspector General BS Yadav, Commander, Coast Guard Region (North West), was among those present.The force level of Indian Coast Guard has now gone up to 77 ships and boats. This would be double by 2018, an official release said, adding that the interceptor boat C-401 with 12 crew members will be based at Mundra .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714672", "title": "'Kalyanmayee' celebrates its silver jubilee", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur wing of Kalyanmayee, the Airports Authority Women's Welfare Association celebrated the organization's silver jubilee in a two day function on December 20 and 21. \"The foundation day of Kalyanmayee is actually on December 23, but as it falls on a Sunday we are organizing the function before hand,\" said Swati Shahu, manager, HR.A medical camp was organized for the employees and families of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) in association with Meditrina Hospital on December 20. On the same day a blood donation camp was also organized in association with Dr Hedgewar Blood Bank.On December 21 evening, a cultural programme was organized. \"As this year marks the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, we decided to have a play based on his life,\" said AK Verma, airport director. Different units of Kalyanmayee celebrated their silver jubilee all over the country by organizing various functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714108", "title": "People need to be cautious of the water they consume: Experts", "text": "JAIPUR: \"Water is the most critical aspect for maintaining good health,\" said the speakers on day two of the national conference on water quality management. They also urged people to be cautious of the water they consume.Calling presence of nitrates and fluoride in water hazardous for health, speaker Sunil Gupta, a retired pediatrician, Rajasthan government, said that in the state more than 26,000 habitants are affected by high degree of fluorosis in water, out of which 21,000 are in Western Rajasthan.\"Drinking water with nitrate toxicity can prove to be fatal. Before consuming water, its fluoride content should be checked and brought down to the desired level,\" said Gupta. If a little amount is spent on the treatment of water then a lot of money spent on medicines and treatments could be saved.\"PP Bakre, former professor of Zoology, Rajasthan University, talked about the new types of pollutants which have biological impact on drinking water. \"Pharmaceuticals are the new class of pollutants found in water. Almost 50-90% of administered pharmaceuticals remain unabsorbed in the body and find their way out to wastewater streams after being excreted.\" Given the scarcity of toilets in rural areas of Rajasthan the situation is far graver in the state.The experts unanimously said there is no scarcity of drinking water but the challenge lies in its management. \"There is no scarcity of water in India or even Rajasthan. It suffers from mismanagement. Storage and transportation of water is as important as its treatment,\" said B Chakravorty, MD, Genesis Membrane Separation Pvt. Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715185", "title": "District administration seeks clarification from Maharashtra over new norms", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has sought clarification from the government on the appointment of non-government members category-wise to 28 seats in the 40-member District Consumer Protection Council, to be formed according to the latest government resolution (GR) that intends to make more offices answerable to the complaints of the consumers. The council has been defunct in the district since 2009.According to officials, the GR lacks information about category-wise nomination of non-government members - with respect to traders, consumer activists, citizens, etc.\"The weightage given to citizens is unclear. We have sent a letter to the government seeking advice on the same. Only after we receive the guidelines, the department will be able to go ahead with the appointments,\" a senior official from the collectorate said.Restructuring the district consumer protection council, the state has now brought the police, health, food and drugs, BSNL, power company in the council making them directly answerable to the complaints of the consumers and at the same time authorised the collector to nominate non-government numbers.\"According to the latest GR, the 41-member team has now been reduced by one, and the numbers of the representation of the government offices has been increased from three to twelve, under the presidentship of the collector. Non-government members have been reduced to 28 now,\" a senior official from the collectorate said.The list of departments which have been included in the consumer protection council include a nomination from the superintendent of police, deputy chief executive officer of the Zilla Parishad, assistant commissioner - Food and Drugs Administration ( FDA ), executive engineer -BSNL, executive engineer -MSEDCL, assistant controller - Weights and Measures, superintendent - Agriculture, district health officer, assistant RTO, district information office and district supply officer (member-secretary) with the collector in the chair. The council is to be established under the Maharashtra Consumer Protection (Amendment) Rules, 2004, and has tenure of three years from the date of appointment.According to the officials, the term of the last council ended in 2009, when general elections were held. Thereafter, the council was never constituted as the officials failed to get the names of the nominations finalised from the district guardian minister.The names were finalised in the year 2011, but some of them failed the police verification - a mandatory procedure for the same. New names were again sought and the same were to be presented to the state government, just then the government issued the new GR.\"This time it would not take much time for the appointment of members considering that 28 names were available with the administration. The entire list would be presented to the district guardian minister after government guidelines over the category-wise nomination of the members and soon the council will be appointed,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17718835", "title": "IOC, Air India enter semifinals of Obaidullah Cup", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian Oil Corporation and Air India entered the semifinals of the 66th International Obaidullah Gold Cup Hockey tournament with easy wins.While IOC trounced hosts Bhopal Red 6-2, Air India defeated Malaysia XI 3-2 at the Aish Bagh stadium on Friday.IOC and Air India have won all the three fixtures played so far to make entry into the last four.At breather, IOC led by 2-1. Bhopal Red took 1-0 lead in the eighth minute with a brilliant field goal by skipper Osaf-ur-Rehman but it was equalised by IOC in the 18th minute through a penalty corner by its captain Deepak Thakur.In the 34th minute, drag flicker Gurjinder Singh converted a penalty corner into a goal making IOC lead 2-1.After the half-time, IOC's Bharat scored a field goal in the 38th minute and five minutes later, Indrajeet struck the ball into the net and gave IOC a 4-1 lead.The fifth goal for IOC was scored by Deedar Singh in the 61st minute through a penalty corner but within a minute, star player of Bhopal Red, Affan Yusuf hit a brilliant field goal and reduced the score 2-5.Two minutes before the end of the match, Prabhjot Singh of IOC struck a field goal and ensured his team's victory by a margin of 6-2.IOC skipper, Deepak Thakur was declared man of the match.In the other match, Air India and Malaysia were equal at 1-1 at the breather.For Air India, Birendra Lakda, who was declared man of the match, gave a 1-0 lead through a field goal in the seventh minute but it was equalised by Hajik Samsol of Malaysia XI in the 31st minute.However, in the second half, Air India's star forward Shivendra Singh put the ball into the net in the 40th minute and took 2-1 lead.Later, in the 64th minute, AI's Sameer Daad struck a goal and gave 3-1 lead to his team but two minutes later, Hajik Samsol scored his second goal.In the third match, ONGC defeated BPCL 3-2. With this win, ONGC stood at the top of Group-B with six points while BPCL has earned only one point from two matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718197", "title": "Govt employees rooted for Congress in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: In his victory speech on Thursday, when chief minister Narendra Modi claimed that a majority of government employees had voted for his party through postal ballots, he had probably not factored in Vadodara district's count.Among the 13 seats in the district, government employees including the police force polled more votes for Congress and an independent on 11 seats. BJP candidates got more postal votes in barely two constituencies, that too, with a very slim margin.\"From the vote pattern it appears that the government employees including the cops were not really in favour of the incumbent government,\" conceded a government official.The margin was the highest in the tribal belt of Chhota Udepur where Congress candidate Mohansinh Rathwa got 1,133 votes while his BJP rival polled barely 320 votes through postal ballots. In the urban constituency of Manjalpur, Congress candidate Chinnam Gandhi polled 1403 postal ballots while BJP rival and victorious candidate Yogesh Patel got only 705 votes of government employees.The two exceptions were urban seats of Raopura and Sayajigunj where the BJP candidates managed to lead with a slender margin. In Raopura, Rajendra Trivedi barely got nine votes more than his Congress rival Jayesh Thakkar while in Sayajigunj, sitting MLA, Jitu Sukhadia got barely 38 votes more than Congress candidate Kirit Joshi.In Savli, where Ketan Inamdar has emerged as the only successful independent candidate in the entire state, government employees gave him 212 votes while his Congress rival Khumansinh Chauhan got 227 votes. Savli's BJP candidate Upendra Gohil got barely 66 postal ballots in his favour.This was the first time that Election Commission had made elaborate arrangements to ensure that government employees get to vote through postal ballots.In Vadodara, nearly 19,000 postal ballots were distributed in the run-up to elections, and about 9,000 government employees, including regular police and SRP filled their choices and returned the ballot papers well before the actual day of polling. On the counting day, 15,770 postal ballots were counted as valid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713424", "title": "Rape convictions in Kerala fall drastically", "text": "KOCHI: A study conducted among rape victims by the Kerala police, with the help of a Kochi-based social science institute, revealed that the rate of conviction has plummeted from 44.28 in the seventies to 26% between 2003 and 2010.The study, done over a period of three years and currently being scrutinised by the home department, showed that the figures had been falling through the eighties and nineties to touch 36.8% and 30% respectively.The study goes on to reveal all that has gone wrong with the state's efforts to keep its women safe. Fifty per cent of victims belonged to the OBC category with 40% of them belonging to the SC/ST category. A majority of the victims were educationally backward. Around 38% have not completed class X. Only 31% had cleared their SSLC exams, while the rest comprised graduates and above.Most of the abusers were people known to the victims. Another disturbing trend noted was that 34% of the abusers lured the victims after developing intimacy with them. Friends and colleagues were close behind at 31%. And 25% were neighbours. Only 13% of perpetrators were total strangers to the victims.Among the victims, 62% are single women who continue to live in fear of social stigma. The percentage of victims who are married is 26. The study found that they prefer to remain in total silence about the trauma. It was found that 12% of victims were aged below 18. The inference, sources said, is that a majority of victims fall in the age-group of 18-35.Many of the victims were interviewed for the first time. \"A lot of work went into tracing them. We have never looked at the issue from a victim's perspective. No study was ever done to fathom their trauma, life after the incident and circumstances that led to it,'' a top government official told TOI.\"One common factor binding them all is the regret that law didn't do enough to mete proportionate punishment to the abuser. They all felt that one could get away with rape in Kerala,'' a top home department official said.The state government, he said, has taken note of the serious apathy in following up these cases. \"We are aware of the serious flaws that leave many a blank to be filled for ensuring speedy justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17716155", "title": "Obama appoints Indian-American Smita Singh in president's Global Development Council", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration has announced to appoint yet another Indian-American to a key administrative post, after it named Smita Singh as member of the president's Global Development Council.\"The Council will inform and provide advice to the President and other senior US officials on US global development policies and practices, support new and existing public-private partnerships, and increase awareness and action in support of development by soliciting public input on current and emerging issues in the field of global development,\" the White House said.The Global Development Council was established in February through an executive order of the President.Along with Singh, Obama also announced names of eight other members of the Council including its Chair Mohamed a El-Erian.\"These dedicated and accomplished individuals will be valued additions to my Administration as we tackle the important challenges facing America. I look forward to working with them in the months and years ahead,\" Obama said.According to a brief bio released by the White House, Smita Singh was the Special Advisor for Global Affairs and the founding Director of the Global Development Program at the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation , where she worked from 2001 to 2010.From 1998 to 2001, she was a scholar at the Harvard Academy for International and Area Studies. Previously, Singh consulted for the World Bank and the United Nations Economic Commission on Africa. She was the first Program Officer for Higher Education Innovative Projects at the Commission on National and Community Service, now known as the Corporation for National and Community Service. Before joining the Commission, Singh worked at ABC News' Nightline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17714277", "title": "Madurai docs want deformed foetus for research", "text": "MADURAI: Doctors at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai terminated a five-month-old foetus which was detected with two heads, four legs and four hands formation in a scan result. The foetus was removed on Thursday night. When the information spread among the hospital employees including nurses , they gathered in the ward to have a glance on the foetus.The couple, Vellaiammal and Suresh of Palanganatham was elated about its first child. They thought they would get their baby in a few months. However, their dreams were shackled when they came to know that their child was a deformed baby. They knew the problem 15 days back, when they went for the usual check up in a private hospital. The doctor in the hospital sensed that something is going wrong and wanted to check the condition of the baby through a scan.The scan reports revealed that it was a conjoined baby. The couple, which wanted to double check the results, approached the GRH on December 18. The doctors, who went through a fresh scan report, confirmed that it was a deformed baby. They advised the couple to terminate the baby, since it would anyway die at the time of delivery. It may also threaten the life of the mother. With the written consent from the couple, the doctors terminated the foetus. This type of deformity would occur in one among one lakh cases, said P Angayarkanni, professor and head of department of obstetrics and gynaecology at the hospital.\"The removed foetus would be sent to the department of anatomy in Madurai Medical College if the couple consented. We expect the parents to respond to our request by Saturday morning. Otherwise, it would be handed over to them if they want to conduct any rituals for it,\" she also said.While the couple is in a state of shock over losing their yet to be born first child, the request from the doctors for the foetus, for further research has raised a question mark whether it is an ethical practice. However, doctors say the foetus would be preserved only after the consent of the parents.Talking about the issue, Dr N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College and GRH said that usually the foetuses would be useful for further research. Once the foetus is preserved, the cause of the deformity can be studied. The studies would be useful for the medical students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17718219", "title": "Anand-Kheda: Cong's saviour in central Gujarat", "text": "Vadodara/Anand: Twin districts - Anand and Kheda - the NRI belt in the Charotar heartland of central Gujarat, are the ones which have acted as a saviour for Congress during these assembly elections.Even as BJP's tally has reduced, Congress has managed to maintain a status quo in this region represented by the Patel-Kshatriya combination of Congress MPs Dinsha Patel and Bharat Solanki.This traditional Congress bastion had moved to the saffron fold in 2002 but since 2007 elections Congress had started making gains.During the post-Godhra wave BJP had made inroads in these two districts by winning a total of 12 out of 17 seats while Congress had managed to retain only five seats.Before delimitation, there were nine assembly constituencies in Kheda and eight others in Anand district. BJP had won six seats each in Anand and Kheda districts while Congress had won three and two seats each in these districts.After the 2007 polls, the total tally of Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) combine increased to 11 while that of BJP decreased to six of the total 17 seats of the two districts.Post-delimitation, the total assembly constituencies in Anand and Kheda had reduced to 14 from earlier 17 seats.After Thursday's counting, BJP's tally in the region has further decreased to four from six in the past while Congress-NCP combined stands at 10 out of 14 seats.Congress has managed to snatch the Mehmedabad seat in Kheda from BJP while BJP has also lost its hold on Sojitra seat in Anand district. Congress also gained from the control it has on the dairy co-operatives in the region - which is cradle of India's White Revolution.Both Amul Dairy's chairman Ramsinh Parmar, who was contesting for another term from Thasra in Kheda and dairy's vice-chairman Rajendrasinh Parmar, who was contesting from Borsad assembly seat in Anand - have won.BJP has managed to retain its hold on its traditional urban support base - Anand city and Khambhat - seats in Anand district and Nadiad and Matar seats in Kheda district.At the newly carved out Anklav assembly segment in Anand district, Congress sitting MLA Amit Chavda, cousin of Anand MP Bharat Solanki, defeated BJP's former MLA Jaswant Solanki alias Jasubha.Chavda, was earlier representing Borsad seat but after delimitation he was contesting from Anklav.Interestingly, Congress has managed to hold its fort in the region even as contours of almost all the assembly seats have changed and despite high voting percentage which is traditionally considered to be unfavourable for the party.In all, Congress-NCP has won Petlad, Sojitra, Anklav, Borsad and Umreth seats in Anand while in Kheda Congress alone has won Mehmedabad, Thasra, Balasinor, Mahudha and Kapadwanj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718554", "title": "Mood jubilant in Diamond City", "text": "SURAT: The city witnessed large scale victory celebrations by the BJP supporters as the party candidates trounced their rivals from Congress and GPP.The mood was jubilant among BJP workers as candidates came out of counting centres flashing 'V' signs. Thousands of BJP workers waving saffron flags had gathered outside the three counting centres to celebrate the victory of their favourite candidates.Traffic on Gaurav Path came to a grinding halt as BJP workers had literally jammed the road outside SVNIT in Ichhanath area, where the counting for eight of 16 assembly seats of Surat district was going on.While it was peaceful within counting centres at Gandhi Engineering, Government Engineering and SNVIT campuses, the scene outside was charged with slogans of 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' and 'Narendrabhai Tum Aage Badho'. Till 9:30 am, none of the BJP candidates were spotted at counting centres as they all had gone to take the blessings of Pramukh Swami Maharaj of BAPS on the occasion of his birthday.A young worker of BJP Hemant Pandya said, \"Modi's magic has worked. Now, the country will have to adopt Gujarat's model of development if it wants to progress further.\" Another BJP worker Samir Shah shouted from the background, \"Narendrabhai ko prime minister banao (Make Modi PM).\"Shalini Parmar, who had come to cheer the victory of BJP candidate along with other students in SVNIT, said, \"This country really is in need of a leader like Modi. We all have voted for him and he should become the PM.\"As the results started coming out from the counting centres, Congress workers started dispersing.A Congress worker Sanjay Patwa said, \"We had not expected such a rout in the city. It is BJP all over and we will have to get our acts together soon if we want to perform well in future.\"Meanwhile, the Congress office was deserted on Thursday afternoon after the results were declared and no Congress supporters were seen outside the counting centres. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719270", "title": "Ileana waiting for Salman Khan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film?", "text": "After carving a niche for herself in Tamil and Telugu films, Ileana D'Cruz is now trying to repat the magic in Bollywood. The slender beauty has made her Bollywood debut in Ranbir Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra starrer Barfi. She has garnered critical acclaim for her performance and has bagged another offer Phata Poster Nikla Hero, starring Shahid Kapoor .The latest we hear is that Ileana is trying to be part of Salman Khan's upcoming Kick. The film, which is a remake of Telugu film, has Ileana playing the female lead role with Ravi Teja . As such, the actress wants to sizzle along Salman Khan in the Hindi version too. Apparently, skinny beauty Deepika Padukone is also vying for the female lead and it'll be interesting to see who'll grab the offer.Meanwhile Salman Khan's Dabangg 2 has opened to a thunderous response at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713313", "title": "3 held, 1 missing in Oshiwara businessman's murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police on Friday arrested three men who are accused in the murder of businessman Ejaz Khan (45). However, the main accused in the case, Abrar Khan, is still at large.The police said the killing was over the redevelopment of Millat Nagar in Oshiwara. The police questioned a former Rajya Sabha member and a developer who were interested in the project. They are also investigating the underworld's involvement in the case.The arrested accused- Mubashar Shaikh (22), Arman Shaikh (23) and Athar Khan (33) alias Papa Khan -will be produced before the court on Saturday.An officer said, \"Eyewitnesses, CCTV footage and call records show all the accused were in touch on the day of the murder. Two of them provided cover and one accompanied Abrar who shot dead Ejaz.\"The officer said Athar had an argument with Ejaz's brother a day before the murder, following which they hatched a plan to kill him. They looked for Ejaz's brother but were unable to locate him. The officer said, \"The next day, they decided to target Ejaz as he was more aggressively opposed to the redevelopment.\"On December 15, Abrar allegedly walked towards Ejaz and hugged him, and then fired a bullet in his chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714962", "title": "Mumbai marathon turns 10!", "text": "MUMBAI: It's that time of the year again, time for what has now become a much awaited annual ritual for Mumbaites. In 28 days from now, Mumbai will run, as the Maximum City has been doing religiously for the last nine years. But unlike past years, the 2013 edition of the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM ) will be special.For, the iconic event will be celebrating its 10th birthday on January 20, no mean feat for a mass running event. There are plans to make the SCMM's 10th edition an unforgettable experience for all those who partake in the celebrations.To commemorate the occasion, a special trophy has been instituted for the overall men's and women's winners. The trophy, designed by celebrated sculptor and painter Paresh Maity, was released by Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan here on Friday evening to mark the official countdown of the event.SCMM-13 will offer an enhanced prize purse of $350,000, an increase of $10,000 over what was on offer in 2012. The increase is towards the Indian prize fund, with the top Indian male and female finishers standing to gain Rs 4.5 lakh each.The Full Marathon has received 4169 entries, a significant increase as compared to last year's 2775. There are 12,742 entries for the Half Marathon, while the Senior Citizen Run will have 1396 participants. The Wheelchair event has 218 competitors and 19,902 people for the Dream Run.SCMM-13 HIGHLIGHTS$350,000: Total prize purse $15,000: Bonus for course record Rs 1 lakh: Bonus for Indian course record Rs 4.5 lakh: Prize money for Indian winner 38,427: Total number of participants 4169: Number of participants for Full Marathon 12,742: Number of partipants for Half Marathon 19,902: Number of partipants for Dream Run 1396: Number of partipants for Sr Citizen Run 218: Number of partipants for Wheelchair event", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714037", "title": "This year, teen rape cases in Mumbai rose 29%", "text": "MUMBAI: There was a 29% rise in the number of rapes of teenaged girls in Mumbai in 2012, highlighting the need for increased security for young women\u00e2\u20ac\u201despecially school and college girls. State home department data, made available to TOI, shows that 80 cases were registered in 2011 for rapes of minors, while 103 cases were registered this year till December 16.Experts say that minors are more vulnerable because they are not as mature as older women, are less aware of their rights and tend to have a risky lifestyle.Psychiatrists, social science experts and state officials said despite not being on guard all the time. Police said many rapes are committed by perpetrators known to the victim.In contrast to the rise in the number of rape cases for minor women, there was a fall in cases registered for the rapes of women aged 18 to 30. While there were 94 cases last year, only 55 cases were registered till December 16 this year. Overall, though, there was practically no difference between 2011 and 2012, with 219 cases registered last year and 213 registered so far this year, showing that policing hasn't been beefed up as needed.Furthermore, a social service expert said that the actual number of cases would be much higher. \"According to our findings, cases of rape go unreported in rural areas as well as in Mumbai. There are two primary reasons\u00e2\u20ac\u201done, the police do not take cases of crime against women seriously and handle them in a sensitive manner, and two, the victim or her family members fear being stigmatized or targeted by the culprits,\" said Sana Syed, director, Help Mumbai Foundation. The foundation has filed a PIL in the Bombay high court in connection with the safety of women.Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime), told TOI that elders should pay attention to the people young women associate with. \"The statistics indicate that teenagers are more vulnerable. The police will take measures needed for dealing with such issues. But besides policing, if guardians and school or college authorities take periodic audits of the people around their children, it would help curb such crimes,\" he said.A senior home department official said teenagers can live in a risky environment. \"Several people around teenagers may be criminally minded. Due to a lack of understanding and immaturity, teenagers may fail to understand these threats,\" he said, adding, \"Teenagers may also party and travel overnight. They may keep parents in the dark. Some people around youngsters may try to exploit such situations.\"Asked about the rise in minor rapes despite the drop in cases registered for women aged 19 to 30, the official said it was a surprise. \"I received the figures recently and have not analyzed them yet, but the reason needs to be uncovered.\" He added, \"Whenever there is a rape case in any part of the country, the media starts 24-by-7 coverage and such news bombardment may help create more awareness among older women.\"Harish Shetty, a Mumbai-based psychiatrist, said that because minors were not developed emotionally, physically or spiritually, the trauma would be higher for them than for adults. \"Teenaged victims of rape need to be handled very sensibly,\" he said.Asha Bajpai, dean of the school of law, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, said, \"Working or college-going women are capable of handling their security and know their rights, which is not the case with teenagers. Hence, there are more victims among minors. She added, \"Even today, Mumbai is safe in comparison to other metros. Kids go alone to school and coaching classes and even for shopping. This was not the case earlier. One cannot stop anyone from going out, but parents and teachers should teach children how to take care of their security and handle crises.\"Young females are at risk abroad too. A few years ago, a report of the US justice department said that females aged 16 to 24 were more vulnerable to intimate partner violence than any other age group. In Mumbai, in October, a 14-year-old resident of Malwani, Malad was allegedly gangraped by three youths on P D'Mello Road in south Mumbai. Earlier, in May, two auto drivers raped a 14-year-old from Madhya Pradesh who boarded the wrong train and landed at Bandra station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713302", "title": "Flyer hid Rs 40L jewellery in underpants, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A Dubai-based businessman was arrested early on Friday morning at Mumbai airport for allegedly carrying undeclared diamond jewellery in his underpants. He was later released on bail by the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU).The businessman, 28-year-old Chirag Vora, landed in Mumbai from Dubai at 4am. Vora is the director of Bafleh Jewellery, a Dubai-based wholesale jewellery company. He is also into real estate.Like many other passengers, Vora collected his luggage and made for the airport exit. On reaching the customs counter, he opted for the green channel. He was, however, intercepted by an AIU batch led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede who were keeping a watch on passengers. \"There was something about his gait that made us suspicious,\" said an AIU official who was part of the team.The officials detained Vora and checked his luggage first. When they could not find anything in the bags, they insisted on a personal check. Vora was taken to a special enclosure where a personal check was conducted. Officials said that during the check, they found three pockets on his underpants. Inside the pockets were five pieces of diamond jewellery, including a necklace and earrings. The jewellery was worth Rs 40 lakh.Customs laws state that passengers are not allowed to import jewellery without paying duty. Those who wish to take jewellery purchased from India to another country without paying duty must get a customs certificate.AIU officials arrested Vora and seized the jewellery. \"During questioning, he admitted to wanting to evade duty. Had he opted for the red channel, he would have paid Rs 15 lakh as duty,\" said an official. He was later released on bail by customs against an amount of Rs 2 lakh.Officials said they are also looking into hawala money links as Vora dropped hints on the same. \"We are still investigating,\" said an official. AIU had earlier recorded similar cases where passengers had hidden gold in their underclothes. Most of them were arriving from Dubai as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713346", "title": "2006 car seizure case: Mumbai police rapped for 'abuse of process of law'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday rapped the Mumbai police for lodging an FIR after a city businessman filed a petition against the cops for carting away his car from his locked bungalow.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sambhaji Shinde quashed the FIR at Meghwadi police lodged by the RTO against the businessman's mother and his lawyer.\"The act of filing the FIR belatedly is nothing but an abuse of the process of law by the police,\" said the judges, noting that the criminal complaint was registered only after the HC petition was filed.The case dates back to August 20, 2006, when according to the petition, businessman Rajendra Sethi, who runs Popular Cars, and his family were out of town and their house was locked. RTO officer Anandram Wagle and inspector Shahid Siddiqui, then attached to the Meghwadi police station, entered the premises though the gate was locked, broke open the glass of the car and took the car to the police station.Sethi's mother and a lawyer, O Pandey, went to the police station to inquire why the car was taken into police custody but were not given any answers. Sethi then moved the high court for return of the vehicle on August 28. On September 7, the police lodged an FIR against Sethi's mother and the lawyer for forgery of documents related to the car and obstructing police officers from carrying out their duties.Earlier this month, the court had ordered the state to pay Rs 10,000 as damages for illegally carting away his car. The court on Friday noted that the police action of entering a locked premises and taking away the car in itself was illegal. \"No offence under the Indian Penal Code was made out (against Seth's mother and lawyer),\" said the judges and added, \"Obviously, only after grievance about the illegal action of the officers was made to the high court that the FIR was lodged.\"Wagle, who in December 2012 tried to get the case dropped, ensured that the state was not saddled with costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17712939", "title": "Cheteswar Pujara eyes ODI berth after Tests", "text": "JAIPUR: Cheteswar Pujara, who provided some of the few bright sparks for India in the Test series against England, says he is now eyeing a berth in the one-day team.Here to play for Saurashtra in the Ranji Trophy match against Rajasthan, Pujara said he was looking forward to playing in the ODI team. \"If you are playing well, all formats are the same. I can play in ODIs too. I was very successful in the domestic one-day Challenger Trophy. You just need to keep improving yourself as a batsman and I'm just doing that. Hopefully, things will work out,\" Pujara said.Pujara made it clear that lack of good batting partnerships cost India the series. \"We badly needed big partnerships. Our scoring rates too were low, otherwise we could have had the advantage.\"Pujara holds England bowlers Monty Panesar and James Anderson in high esteem. \"Anderson can reverse swing the ball brilliantly. He hardly delivered any loose balls in the series. Panesar was also brilliant. You have to be very cautious and play the ball according to merit. He knows the areas where he needs to bowl.\"Despite having a good series, on the personal front Pujara still rues the run out at the Eden Gardens. \"I wanted to stay at the wicket for long. But it happens sometimes,\" he said, trying to put up a brave face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "keri/bicholim", "code": "17715359", "title": "Maha-Goa govts head for face-off over Tillari issue", "text": "KERI/BICHOLIM: The agitation inside a canal of the Tillari irrigation project is turning into a face-off between the Congress-led Maharashtra government and the BJP-led Goa government.On Friday, Sindhudurg MP Nilesh Rane met the agitators, assured them of his support and said it is the \"bounden duty\" of the Goa government to grant them their demand for employment. He said his father, industries minister Narayan Rane and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan would be in Sindhudurg on December 24 and would be apprised of the issue.A day before, Vaibhav Naik, the Sindhudurg district president of Shiv Sena, told the agitators that the Maharashtra CM would be greeted with black flags \"as the government has failed solve the agitators' problem\".Seething at the Maharashtra government not releasing water to Goa from the joint-project that cost the state 1,154 crore, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he would find a solution. \"We will not tolerate that farmers in Goa are facing acute hardships just because of the Maharashtra government's attitude towards releasing the Tillari water,\" he said. \"We will tackle this issue one way or the other.\"Mayem MLA and deputy speaker Anant Shet and Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant too have warned that if the water is not released in the larger interest of Goan farmers it will be the Goa government's decision to \"treat this issue in a different manner\". The Tillari project, in Maharashtra's Dodamarg taluka, is the major supplier of water to Bicholim, Pernem and Bardez talukas in Goa.On December 9, at midnight, members of the Tillari Praklapgrast Sangharsha Samiti started their agitation inside the left bank main canal. It led to the Maharashtra government refusing to release water. The agitators, demanding employment in Goa, are the former residents of eight villages that were submerged in the dam project. They currently reside in villages in North Goa where they were rehabilitated by the state government.While the PWD has continued its stop-gap water supply arrangements made in November-when the Tillari project was shut down for almost a month for maintenance work-farmers and horticulturists in Goa are crying foul over the grave threat to their fields and plantations.\"I planted Mandoli bananas and coconuts this year only because of the Tillari water. But it's been dry for a month-and-a-half now and 100 coconut saplings have turned yellow causing me a loss of 75,000,\" cried horticulturist Atchut Vaman Raut.Farmers too are facing losses as the water supply has stopped at a crucial time in the cultivation process, said Sandeep Raut, a ryot from Bicholim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714620", "title": "Russian envoy hails Narendra Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s victory", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government had never encouraged the \"diplomatic isolation\" of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , foreign minister Salman Khurshid said. \"We did not encourage any diplomatic isolation. We did not encourage sovereign countries to take a particular position on Mr Modi. They did take that position and we know that position. If they take another position, we will know that as well,\" he said.Khurshid was responding to Russian ambassador Alexander Kadakin's remarks to journalists earlier when he welcomed Modi's election victory. Russia is the second country after the UK that has opened up to Modi in recent weeks.\"He has an elected office ... To have political difference with him and to join the campaign against him on issues that we believe are of far-reaching nature is completely different from his being the chief minister of the state and I hope that he makes the same distinction himself,\" Khurshid said, adding, \"We may disagree with some of his policies and indeed some of the attitudes that he exhibits.\"Trying to dispel the notion that he was softening towards Modi, Khurshid reminded everybody that there were still countries like the US which had not opened diplomatic ties with Modi.\"Still, a section of American people think there should not be friendship with the Gujarat government. If there is different thinking in Russia and the UK, then we do not have any problem. We take note when they did not want ties and we will take note when they make relationship,\" Khurshid said.In October, the UK ended Modi's diplomatic isolation by opening contact with him after 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17714900", "title": "China dares Shinzo Abe with ship mission", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese government tried to literally test the waters when it sent three ships around the disputed Diaoyu islands near Japan's coast soon after the election of right wing leader Shinzo Abe as Japan's prime minister with the promise to \"stop the challenge\" from China.The move, which might result in a reaction from Abe, may to lead to serious tension in the East China Sea, observers said. This is the first time that China resumed patrols in the area after the Japanese polls last week. On reaching the island, the fleet owned by China's State Oceanic Administration used loud speakers asking Japan's coast guards to leave as they had \"illegally entered the area\". Six Japanese ships in the area did not react to the presence of Chinese vessels.A plane with Japan's maritime self-defence force and a helicopter from its media NHK were seen above the fleet, the agency said. \"The Chinese ships collected evidence of the Japanese ships and planes' infringement on China's sovereignty,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714470", "title": "Special status will boostnation's growth: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar said here on Friday that it was imperative for the Union government to give special category status to backward states including Bihar to boost the country's growth rate. Developed states alone could not support high growth rate of the country, he said.He said the nation's growth rate was coming down in the recent months. It was high time that the Centre consider giving special status to Bihar and other similar states which were at the nascent stage of development. Once they are given special status, they would grow by leaps and bounds, pushing up national development.The chief minister was speaking while inaugurating the renovated Sahu Jain hall of the Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries here.He recalled that according to the Planning Commission figures, Bihar had registered 12.11% growth rate in 2011-12, adding that Bihar's own estimate was that it had achieved a growth rate of 11.8%.He said the Centre had accepted in principle his demand for grant of special status to Bihar when he highlighted this issue in a letter to the finance minister. This would lead to increase in employment opportunities and productivity.The CM added that the Prime Minister was circumspect over giving special status to Bihar on the ground that the other states would also demand it. But the Centre should maintain a pragmatic approach in granting special status to backward states that are at the nascent stage of development, with a potential to develop. \"We have taken a pledge on November 4 to demand special status for Bihar and our endeavour will continue till it is granted,\" he said.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said the state government's strategy of keeping government funds in the banks performing satisfactorily in credit disbursal had worked at the state level, with more loans to the MSME sector and the people. Now, a list of the banks not maintaining the required CD ratio at the district level would be prepared to make them improve the ratio, he said.Nitish urged the Chamber president, O P Sah, and other functionaries to promote a new generation of entrepreneurs to step up the growth of commerce and industry in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17716898", "title": "Google doodles for Ramanujan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 125th birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google has marked the 125th birth anniversary of Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan with a doodle. The maths wizard was born on December 22, 1887 in Erode, Madras Presidency (now Tamil Nadu ) and his birthday is celebrated as National Mathematics Day by the Indian government.Ramanujan was a mathematics prodigy who was introduced to formal education in the subject at the age of 10. By the age of 12, he had finished books on advanced trigonometry and went on to discover his own theorems. In his teenage years, he carried out research on Bernoulli numbers and the Euler-Mascheroni constant.Despite being a genius at mathematics, Ramanujan failed examinations in other subjects, resulting in loss of scholarship and forcing him to change his college. Thereafter, he took up a job, conducted independent mathematical research and sent samples of his work to University of Cambridge.English mathematician GH Hardy called Ramanujan to work alongside him at Cambridge. Ramanujan went on to become a Fellow of the Royal Society and Fellow of Trinity College at Cambridge. He is credited for independently coming up with approximately 3900 results in the mathematics. Most of his theorems proved to be right in later years and were deemed unconventional for their time. His work, such as Ramanujan Theta Function and Ramanujan Prime, helped further research in the field.Ramanujan passed away on April 26, 1920 at the age of 32. Last year, the Government of India announced that 2012 will be marked as National Mathematical Year.The doodle shows an Indian child etching out geometrical figures and linear equations on the ground using a stick as other children watch on. At the bottom of the Google doodle for Ramanujan's 125th birthday is the numeric value of Pi to the 21st decimal point. The logo of Google is created out of geometric figures like triangles, circles, semi-circles and squares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17717026", "title": "Fog blinds UP, disrupts railway traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 84 trains were delayed due to the thick fog that enveloped the Uttar Pradesh capital and most parts of the state early Saturday, officials here said.A railway spokesperson said the thick fog, which started on Friday and became denser on Saturday, threw the train schedule haywire and more than 84 trains were running late by several hours.The long-distance trains were most effected due to the thick fog cover in Uttar Pradesh and parts of Bihar, he added.Major trains running late by five-six hours included Triveni Express, Garib Rath, Purabia Express, Avadh Assam, Ganga Sutlej, Gareeb Nawaz and Shaheed Express.Chilly weather conditions prevailed in the state with the mercury dipping to about five degrees Celsius in Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad on Saturday. The weather office here has forecast sub-zero temperatures in some regions by the year end.Saturday's minimum temperature in Lucknow was five degrees Celsius, while it was 5.4 and 5.2 degrees Celsius in Allahabad and Kanpur, respectively, a weather official said.Muzaffarnagar was the coldest in Uttar Pradesh at 2.7 degrees Celsius, followed by Najibabad (3.5 degrees Celsius) and Agra (4.2 degrees Celsius).The average maximum temperature in the state on Saturday was 17 degrees celsius, which was six notches below the normal for this time of the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chintapalli", "code": "17715683", "title": "Minor raped in Visakha Agency", "text": "CHINTAPALLI: A minor girl hailing from a remote tribal village in Visakha agency was raped allegedly by a middle-aged person on Wednesday, but the incident came to light only on Friday morning after the girl's parents lodged a police complaint.Police arrested the accused and booked him under section 376 of IPC and sent the girl to KGH in Visakhapatnam for medical tests. The incident took place near Government Degree College in Chintapalli when the girl was offered a lift by Kapari Raju (35), a trader from her native village Lingalagudi.According to police, the Class VI student was waiting for a bus at Chintapalli bus complex on the way to her village. Seeing her alone at the bus complex, the kirana merchant offered her a lift on the pretext of dropping her off at her village, which is 15 km from Chintapalli. On the way, Raju stopped his bike at a loop line road near Government Degree College and raped the girl, police said. After committing the crime, he fled from the spot, leaving the girl there by herself. The 12-year-old girl managed to return to Chintapalli and took shelter at the house of a relative, who informed the girl's parents of the incident. Her parents reached Chintapalli on Friday and lodged a complaint with the police. T", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17715403", "title": "Water restricted to Salcete, Mormugao as Selaulim pump breaks down", "text": "MARGAO: Salcete and Mormugao talukas received restricted water supply on Friday due to a sudden break down of a pump at Selaulim water treatment plant late Thursday evening.Water supply will be restricted to both talukas on Saturday and Sunday, a statement issued by the office of the executive engineer, works division IX, said.Most people in the two talukas are readying for Christmas and the restriction in water supply will adversely impact preparations, sources said.PWD superintending engineer SR Paranjape told TOI that of the eight pumps at the dam, one of the two large ones had broken down. He added that while repair work on the pump was underway, arrangements were being made to bring experts from Mumbai to look into the matter.On Friday evening, executive engineer Praveen Fatarpekar, along with other officials, was called for a meeting with South Goa collector ND Agarwal who sought a status report on the breakdown.\"There was a problem with the bearing. It must have been due to the moist conditions that the weather has brought up. I have been instructed Paranjape to start work today (Friday) itself and the matter should be fixed as soon as possible\" Agarwal said.\"Due to wear and tear, a particular bearing of the one of the pumps failed. We have already placed orders for the emergency consignment which we should get today following which we shall replace the bearing to ensure that there is no problem given the Christmas season ahead,\" Fatarpekar said, adding that work would continue overnight if required.The Selaulim water treatment plant supplies water to Mormugao, Salcete, Quepem and Sanguem talukas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714466", "title": "Now, auto coding to check crime", "text": "PATNA: Perhaps spurred by the recent ghastly gang rape in Delhi, the Patna police have issued a four-point action plan for auto drivers in a bid to check crime, particularly against women, in the state capital. These steps would be implemented within the next 15 days.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The new regulations have been issued by the Patna police to prevent any untoward incident, especially of eve-teasing and women's harassment, in autorickshaws. Women come in proximity to other men while going by autos. If the auto drivers violate these rules, strict action would be taken against them.\"Incidentally, there are 30,000 commercial autorickshaws plying on the city roads. In the past, there have been several cases of serious crimes against women by some auto drivers and their associates.The most important of these four steps is the coding of autos. The autorickshaw owners would be given a particular code number by the local police station concerned, which would be prominently imprinted at the back and front of autos. For example, the autos running under Kotwali police station area, would be coded as K-1, K-2 etc. \"The purpose of issuing a short number is that in case of any untoward incident, many people are unable to remember the long registration number of the vehicle. It will be easier for them to remember the short inscribed number while lodging complaint with the police,\" said the SSP.The other important step is that auto drivers would have to keep the inner lights on while driving after dark. \"Many crimes take place because of the darkness. To avoid such incidents, auto drivers have been asked to put the lights on,\" said Chandrika Prasad, Patna SP (traffic).The other steps envisage that one copy of the licence of the driver would now need to be pasted inside the auto so that the travellers could be sure of the authenticity of the driver. The owner of the vehicle would have to submit two photocopies of the vehicle's blue book, driver's licence and identity cards of both the driver and the owner to their respective police station. One copy of the documents would be kept with the local police station while the other copy would be sent to the office of the Senior SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714467", "title": "'Alarming falling sex ratio'", "text": "PATNA: That the sex ratio in the urban areas of Bihar has declined sharply to only 868 females against 1000 males as per the 2011 census is fairly well-known by now. What is not so well known is that there are at least 49 villages with a sex ratio of 700 and 16 villages with a ratio of 600 in Darbhanga district.Executive president of the Association for Promotion of Creative Learning (APCL) Mridula Prakash on Friday highlighted this figure at a workshop on 'Interface with Stakeholders - Campaign to Check Declining Sex Ratio in Bihar', organized jointly by the APCL and ActionAid under a campaign to check the declining sex ratio in Bihar. She recalled that the overall sex ratio in Bihar had declined from 919 in 2001 to 916 in 2011. It was 1061 in 1901, and 1000 in 1951, she added.She said the APCL and Actionaid are currently involved in five districts - Patna , Gaya, Vaishali, Muzaffarpur and Darbhanga - in organizing community meetings, awareness campaigns against embryo killing, closing unregistered ultrasound clinics, keeping a check on them, and creating awareness programme through different media tools for increasing the sex ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714017", "title": "Will fight for suspects framed by cops: Scribe", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Urdu journalist Mohammed Ahmed Kazmi, who was arrested in connection with the attack on an Israeli diplomat's car in February this year, has said that he would form a forum to help innocents, who face wrongful charges slapped by the police, fight their legal battle.Kazmi was released in October this year. He said that because he had worked for the Iranian media, he became a soft target for the police. He spoke of his experience in jail at a press conference organized by Urdu Patrakar Sangh in Mumbai on Friday.\"While in jail, I met terror suspects who said that they had been indoctrinated by people who later vanished,\" said Kazmi. \"Most of these suspects had been framed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703126", "title": "Vidya Balan gets back for hubby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film", "text": "Before tying the knot with longtime boyfriend Siddharth Roy Kapur on December 14, Vidya Balan had made sure she wrapped up her portions of the shoot of Ghanchakkar.And now we hear,the actress will resume work on the film in the second week of January (barely a month after her marriage) so that it releases as per schedule on June 21. Clearly for Vidya, who had earlier maintained she needed some serious time to set up home with Siddharth, Ghanchakkar is top priority. More so because her husband is the CEO of UTV Motion Pictures, the film's producers.Director Raj Kumar Gupta confirmed Vidya will be resuming work in January for Ghanchakkar 's postproduction. \"She had wrapped up her portions of the film before her wedding. We will need her during the second week of January and she has told us she will resume work then,\" he said.A source told TOI, \"Vidya wants to make sure the film hits theatres on June 21 as planned, and work is not held up because of her. The film has been shot in sync sound. She will join the crew for the voicesyncprocesswhereshewilladd her voice wherever needed. Thereafter, the film will get into editing mode.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717922", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t kill the rapist, castrate him: Daisy Irani", "text": "The still-impish Daisy Irani, lately seen in Bela Sehgal's Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi, feels very strongly about the issue of rape that is lately been occupying a lot of news space.All for the severest punishment for rapists, Daisy Aunty, as she's fondly called, Daisy is against the death penalty for rape. \"Nah, that's much too quick and simple. I think castration is the only solution for these horny bastards who are all over the place. It's the jungle mentality at work. Such savage behaviour can't be curbed by normal modes of punishment. Castrate rapists. Let them feel as helpless as the victim each time these rapist go out for pee.'Daisy Aunty feels women are not safe in any city. \"Why just Delhi? Anywhere in India we've a rampant sexual deprivation. We've all these 13-14 year old domestic helpers who behave themselves in your house but head to watch porn with their friends when you aren't looking. What kind of thoughts do they have? Today an average 11-year old is completely sexually aware.\"And gender prejudice, feels this veteran actress, is not restricted to sexual subjugation. It is also prevalent in the work place. Daisy herself is a victim considering she has no acting offers in spite of being appreciated in Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi. \"I know people want to see me on screen. Even I want to see myself on screen. But there are no roles for a women who are of a certain age and who are not of a particular weight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17712880", "title": "Delhi gang rape: High court slams cops for lapses as home secretary lauds them for cracking case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as angry Delhiites continued to take to the streets over the gruesome gang rape of a 23-year-old girl and the high court slammed the cops for lapses that had led to Sunday night's incident, Union home secretary RK Singh lauded the Delhi Police for its \"outstanding\" job in cracking the case.Singh's remark appeared completely out of sync with the mood of the city. It came on a day when the high court made its unhappiness known over the police's \"evasive\" status report in the case and demanded the names of officers on patrol duty on the route taken by the bus in which the gang-rape took place.The home secretary was replying to a question on whether the police commissioner should resign taking moral responsibility for lapses that led to the rape. He was addressing a joint press conference with police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.Attempting to restore people's faith in the police, Singh assured Delhiites that no 'goondagardi' (rowdiness), 'dadagiri' (bullying) or misbehaviour with women would be tolerated and a \"very strict regime\" would be put in place to ensure safety of people in the capital which recorded a 17% rise in rape cases in the past year.\"We will ensure that all necessary action is taken by Delhi Police ... people of Delhi will feel it,\" Singh said.'Furnish case details by January 9'A Delhi high court bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw on Friday said the police had submitted an incomplete status report. \"We are not convinced,\" an anguished bench said, adding that the questions it had raised two days ago, when it took suo motu cognizance of the case, \"had not been addressed.\"None of the details we sought have been mentioned. The bus couldn't be detected for 40 long minutes so we asked who were the policemen on duty on the route who manned the barricades and PCR vans? When we had asked specific questions why the report is evasive?\" the bench asked Delhi Police counsel Dayan Krishnan and Delhi government sta8nding counsel Najmi Waziri.Waziri conceded the status report filed by the cops suffered from absence of details but assured the bench that the \"entire bureaucracy is seized of the matter and our primary focus is to investigate the case\". \"Many things cannot be brought into the public domain at this juncture,\" Waziri added.The court then gave the police till January 9 to furnish details it had sought. To make it a water-tight casethat doesn't get botched up, HC also asked Waziri to ensure forensic examination in the crime be \"expeditiously conducted by experts\" since in many cases delay in DNA and CFSL reports affects the prosecution case.The court's direction came after it learnt that there was no director at the CFSL. \"Evidence is lost. They don't accept any sample as there is shortage of chemicals too. If it is so, then please rectify it immediately,\" the court directed, saying the Delhi government must look into the lack of infrastructure and other facilities at FSL labs.During the hearing, Meera Bhatia, a woman lawyer assisting the court, raised apprehensions on the quality of medical care being given to the victim at Safdarjung hospital and urged the court to direct that she be transferred to a super-speciality hospital. But the HC refused, saying, \"We have already noted in our previous order that the victim, if it is possible, should be shifted to a super-speciality hospital.\"HC had on December 19 taken suo motu cognizance of the gang rape incident and decided to monitor its probe by directing the police to carry a \"high standard\" investigation and file the chargesheet only after the court's perusal.Home secretary R K Singh, at his joint press meet with police commissioner Neeraj Kumar, said the police would file the chargesheet \"quickly\", seek life imprisonment for the accused and request day-to-day hearing of the case. Asked about the growing demand that the accused should be given death penalty, Singh said police were working as per law and according to the law, life imprisonment was the maximum punishment for rape.On the possibility of including death penalty in the law for rape, he said, \"We will have to look into the demand ... but there are many jurists and various human rights groups who are demanding abolition of capital punishment in India, though I personally believe there should be death penalty for such crime\".Singh complimented the Delhi Police for cracking the \"blind case\" within a very short span of time.Times viewAt a time when the entire country is seething with anger at the horrific gang rape of a 23-year-old in a moving bus, it is extremely insensitive of the home secretary and the Delhi Police commissioner to have held such a self-congratulatory press conference. Yes, the investigation into this particular case may have been well conducted, but that is not the point.The anger is because something like this happened and happens with alarming regularity. It is prevention that people are demanding, not just efficient investigative work after the event. In any case, why should a competent investigation be something for the top levels of the police and bureaucracy to call a special press conference and brag about?That should be the norm, not an exceptional achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713987", "title": "Thackeray garden plan delay irks Sainiks", "text": "MUMBAI: Enquiries are pouring in from Shiv Sainiks all over the state about the party's plans for a landscape garden to be developed in memory of Bal Thackeray . This, despite the fact that the BMC on Thursday demarcated and fenced the plot with steel sheets and bamboos. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte is yet to grant an administrative approval for the garden to be developed in Thackeray's memory.According to a senior civic official, the fencing of the plot was done to prevent any kind of encroachment by the Sainiks. The 20 ft by 40 ft plot between Shivaji's statue and Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh is surrounded by rapid intervention vehicles of the police which are present round-the-clock.The Sainiks are not pleased about the delay on part of the civic body is developing the garden.\"We have come all the way from Thane to see if there is any progress on part of the BMC. We do not understand this delay,\" said a Sainik.Earlier on Wednesday, the Sena had brought a truck with grass strips and bamboos with steel sheets to fence the plot. But the police had turned them away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17714948", "title": "Oz calls racial attack on Indians 'sickening'", "text": "MELBOURNE: Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu on Friday condemned as \"sickening\" an alleged racial attack on two young Indian women on a local bus in Australia, while denouncing the idea of racism as \"contemptible\" and \"disgraceful\".In an incident that reportedly happened on December 12, a hefty woman who has been described as \"very manly\" slapped the Indian women while racially abusing them after getting off a bus in Melbourne , the police has said.The premier said \"the reports of two women being attacked on a bus due to their cultural background is sickening, the overwhelming number of Victorians find racism disgraceful\". \"Victorians are proud to be the multicultural centre of Australia and anything that looks to diminish our multiculturalism needs to be challenged,\" Baillieu said .The aggressor woman had launched her attack when one of the sisters accidentally knocked her with a handbag. The sister whose bag had hit the woman had tried to apologize, but the woman shouted abuse and told them to \"go back to your own country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17715314", "title": "Fire continues to rage at Mormugao dump site", "text": "VASCO: Small fires continue to rage and smoke continues to emanate from the garbage dump of the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) at Sada on the fourth consecutive day.People in the neighbouring residential colonies and patients in the MPT hospital continue to suffer due to the irritating fumes.Both the MMC as well as the local MLA and minister for power Milind Naik seem unable to tackle the situation which has become a major health hazard in the port town.MMC chairperson Fiola Rego said, \"there's nothing much we can do, neither fire fighters can deal with the situation, but we have hired JCB's to push the garbage heaps on one side and make some empty space in the plant.\"Vasco fire station officer Francisco Mendes said, \"Garbage fire is difficult to handle, because we only sprinkle water on top, but the heat remains inside the heaps, which ignites even with the heat of the sun.\"When contacted, power minister and Mormugao MLA, said \"The municipality is coordinating the measures being undertaken.\" When asked if the government will take any long term measures for the plant, Naik said the garbage disposal measures that the state government will decide for the entire state will be final and will apply to the Sada site as well.Environment minister Alina Saldanha said she will study the matter and a decision on the issue would then be taken to tackle the situation.MMC officials pointed out, that besides garbage, there are heaps of about 500 bags of manure, of about 50kg each.Each bag is worth Rs 250 and are lying in the plant as they are rich in nitrogen and it is difficult to locate buyers in local market.The treatment plant, which suffered a breakdown in its machinery during the monsoon, started operations on Friday, converting the waste into manure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714054", "title": "HC fines state Rs 6L for illegal police arrests and excesses", "text": "MUMBAI: In a shocker for the state government, the Bombay high court on Friday slapped fines totalling approximately Rs 6 lakh for illegalities and excesses committed by its police force.Illegal police action included arresting a woman after sunset without following proper procedures, illegally keeping an elderly couple in custody for 36 hours, and illegal detention of three persons. A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sambhaji Shinde allowed the state to recover damages awarded to the victims from the police officer concerned and also ordered departmental action against them.\"Unless the procedure is followed, no woman can be arrested at the whims and wills of the police officers,\" said the judges in one case.In the first case, the state was asked to pay Rs 2.5 lakh each to Ramesh (66) and Hansa (63) Jariwala, who were illegally detained by the Navghar police for around 36 hours. A complaint of dowry harassment was filed against Niraj Jariwala and his elderly parents Ramesh and Hansa by his wife in Mulund. On December 2, 2011, around 8.20pm, sub-inspector Mahadeo Nikam, investigation officer in the case, picked up Ramesh and Hansa from their home in Aurangabad.They were first taken to Sholapur and then brought to Mulund on December 3 at 8.20pm. The next day, on December 4, at 8.10am, they were officially shown as arrested. The Bhoiwada court released the senior citizens on bail the same day. \"Show us any provision in law that allows the police to keep someone in custody for questioning without showing him as arrested,\" judges had said during an earlier hearing. \"The state cannot deny responsibility (for police action). The state allows such police officers to continue till superannuation; then it has to bear the consequences,\" the court had added.The second case dealt with 56-year-old Matunga resident Bharati Kandhar, who was illegally detained for three hours and arrested after sunset in violation of rules on June 13, 2007. The court directed the state to pay her Rs 5,000 as compensation on Friday.On the day of the incident, police officer Maruti Jadhav hauled Bharati to the Matunga police station around 5.30pm. At 8.45pm, inspector Anant Gurav arrested her on the basis of a non-bailable warrant issued by an Allahabad court in a cheque-bouncing case. She spent the night in a lockup and was taken to the magistrate's court, which granted her bail the next day around 1pm. As per rules, a woman can be arrested after sunset only in exceptional circumstances and only after permission from the magistrate.In the third case, the court directed the state to pay Rs 30,000 each as compensation to Subhash Desai and two of his relatives who were illegally detained by the Budhadgarh police in Kolhapur in 2011. The cops had initially kept them in custody under Section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code. This provision gives the police powers to detain persons on the ground that they are likely to commit an offence. According to the petitioners, they were subsequently produced before an executive magistrate to execute a bond of good behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714468", "title": "Internationa museum in state to be ready by 2015", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , while inaugurating the 62nd annual conference of Museum Association of India (MAI), on Friday stressed on the importance of proper display of exhibits at Patna Museum. \"The museum has a lot of object d'art but either they are not displayed or many artefacts are put on show in the same room,\" said KumarThe three-day conference would continue till December 23. Experts from across the country are participating in the meet to deliberate on \"Technological upgradation of exhibition and museum communication\".The CM said the upcoming state-of-the-art Bihar Museum would be of international standards and be ready by March 22, 2015. Another museum at the Buddha Smriti Park is also underway. \"Every corner of Bihar has a rich heritage that needs to be preserved, like the terracotta work of Chausa or the archaeology site at Madhubani. We have taken up the matter of excavation of the Madhubani site with the Union government,\" said Kumar.Also present on the occasion was deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who cited examples of various international museums when it came to presentation styles. \"Conserving our heritage has slowly gone out of our agenda as people started concentrating more on infrastructure, power and such issues, but it is our duty to preserve museums and their relics so that the coming generations know about them,\" said Modi.Minister of art, culture and youth affairs Sukhda Pandey said, \"Bihar is the heaven of archaeology and it is only in Bihar where the state government runs 19 museums\". On the same lines, tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu said that every inch of Bihar is of tourist interest and the government would make sure that tourists don't have to face any problem in the state.\"MAI also awarded lifetime achievement awards to R D Choudhary, Dilip Kumar Ray and I K Bhavnagar. A book, \"Spirit of India\", was also released on the occasion. Earlier, Kumar inaugurated a cafeteria at the Patna Museum, developed by the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation, that can accommodate about 100 people at one go.Director of museums Umesh Chandra Dwivedi, secretary of art, culture and youth affairs department Chanchal Kumar, Anjani Kumar Singh and Gandhi Sangrahalaya secretary Razi Ahmad were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715036", "title": "Three held in Kesnand roof collapse case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Friday arrested the contractor, site supervisor and site engineer for the roof collapse at the under-construction hospital building of the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust at Kesnand near Wagholi. Twelve labourers and a site engineer were killed when the roof-like structure of the building came crashing down on Tuesday afternoon.The building contractor, Pramod Gorhe, site supervisor Venkatesh Jadhav and site engineer Makarand Kulkarni have been charged under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) and 34 (act done by several persons) of the Indian Penal Code.The police have also booked the centring contractor of the building. \"The centring contractor, Rajegouda, has gone missing after the collapse. We have launched a search to trace him,\" said Ravindrasinh Pardeshi, additional superintendent of police (Pune rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16349516", "title": "Recipe: Hot chocolate pudding", "text": "Imagine having hot chocolate pudding in one hand while you are snuggled in a blanket on a cold, windy or rainy day with a book in the other hand and the aroma of blissful chocolate surrounding you as you gorge on the magical pudding and read your favorite book.Here's the simple recipe to get started with the heavenly hot chocolate pudding.(Serves 6, Prep 20 min) Ingredients: 2 large egg 2 1/4 cups low-fat milk, divided 2/3 cup sugar, divided 1/8 tsp salt 2/3 cup cocoa powder 2 tbsp corn-starch 1 tsp vanilla essenceMethod: - In one bowl whisk one egg lightly with a fork. Add the 1 1/2 cup milk and the 1/3 cup sugar that was divided and add the salt in the bowl. Mix well and transfer into a medium bowl. Bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally. - Meanwhile, in the remaining 3/4 cup milk whisk the remaining 1/3 cup sugar, cocoa and corn-starch in another medium bowl. - Now whisk the simmering milk mixture into the other cocoa mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly until thick and glossy for about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. - Whisk about 1 cup of the hot cocoa mixture into the other beaten egg. Return the egg mixture to the pan and cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly, until steaming and thickened for about 2 minutes making sure it doesn't come to a boil. - Lightly fold in the vanilla essence and serve warm.shivangani.dhawan@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714507", "title": "No succour for tree fall victims", "text": "BANGALORE: One morning, while Anand Bala, a resident of Kudremukh Society in Koramangala, was all set to leave for work, a loud creaking sound from outside his house took him by surprise. Bala rushed out and saw a huge branch had fallen on his car parked there. The roof of the car bore a huge dent. And Bala was clueless about who was accountable for the damage his car suffered.According to Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), although it is responsible for diseased and dying trees, such issues fall in 'legal grey areas'. \"There cannot be compensation in such cases, but ex-gratia is given at the discretion of BBMP,\" says Brijesh Kumar, chief conservator of forests, BBMP central office.What this means is that BBMP will not compensate tree fall victims unlike in Mumbai. The Bruhanmumbai Municipal Corporation offers Rs 1 lakh for a deceased victim of tree fall and compensation amounting to a maximum of Rs 50,000 for grievous injuries.While Bala was lucky to have not been at the spot when the branch fell, Sameer Kelekar, another resident of Kudremukh Society, was not that lucky when a similar accident occurred on September 21. Another branch of the same tree fell crushing his left shoulder. \"I was lucky it did not fall on my head. My shoulder received eight fractures and I am still recovering. The residents of the society had registered many complaints with the tree officer, asking him to chop off the tree as it is dying, but no action has been taken yet. Most of the branches have dried and the roots can be seen above the ground,\" says Sameer.According to the officials of the forest wing (BBMP), Karnataka Preservation of Trees (KPT) Act 1976, which regulates felling of trees, is silent on such cases. \"The KPT Act does not provide for any compensation for any liability arising out of faulty decision or indecision of the tree officer. The law is not forthcoming on the issue of compensation or ex-gratia. However, BBMP can decide to give ex-gratia to any person affected by falling of any tree or any allied issue,\" says Brijesh.The KPT Act does not say if a tree officer has the power to give permission for felling a tree if it constitutes danger to life or property. According to officials, there is no specified criterion that shall allow the tree officer to arrive at a conclusion as whether the tree is actually posing a danger to life and property or not. Moreover, officials say that when it comes to felling of trees, a number of objections are raised, leading to controversies.\"I hold the position of the Chief conservator of forests (CCF), which is two notches above the tree officer, but do not have any powers in the matter of tree felling. Even though I am a superior officer, I cannot exercise the powers of a tree officer, unless I am empowered by the government in this matter. I cannot even direct any tree officer working under me to permit or reject felling,\" says Brijesh.NO RELIEF* No compensation if a tree fall causes damage to you or your property* BBMP can at best give ex-gratia* Karnataka Preservation of Trees Act silent on the subject* Only recourse left is approaching courtTAKE NOTEIf a tree in your locality is diseased or dying, you can complain in writing to the deputy conservator of forests/tree officer, Bangalore Urban Division, Aranya Bhavan, 18th Cross, Malleswaram, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714070", "title": "BMC razes over 200 shanties in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body demolished more than 200 hutments in Bandra Reclamation on Friday.The illegal hutments proliferated within a fortnight, claim activists.Congress legislator Baba Siddiqui claimed he had raised the issue and asked the ward officials to initiate action on December 15.However, BJP MLC Ashish Shelar said he raised the issue in the Council on Tuesday and wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. \"Home minister RR Patil said he will use the police to evict and demolish illegal shanties,\" said Shelar.\"The CM has given an order to take immediate action and submit a report. The CM had directed this order to the municipal commissioner and Mhada vice-president,\" he added.\"It's good that the slums were demolished or else politicians would make arrangements by issuing fake documents photo-passes and ration-cards to have a sizeable vote bank. Home guards should be deployed at the site to ensure that the squatters don't return,\" said activist Aftab Siddique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17713143", "title": "Speedily cracking criminal cases should be the norm", "text": "At a time when the entire country is seething with anger at the horrific gang rape of a 23-year-old in a moving bus, it is extremely insensitive of the home secretary and the Delhi Police commissioner to have held such a self-congratulatory press conference. Yes, the investigation into this particular case may have been well conducted, but that is not the point. The anger is because something like this happened and happens with alarming regularity. It is prevention that people are demanding, not just efficient investigative work after the event. In any case, why should a competent investigation be something for the top levels of the police and bureaucracy to call a special press conference and brag about? That should be the norm, not an exceptional achievement.Related Story  :  Delhi rape: HC slams cops for lapses, home secy lauds them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714274", "title": "Missing Odhav infant found", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A one-month-old girl, reported missing from outside a shanty on Kathwada Road early on Tuesday morning, was found near an industrial unit on Odhav-Kathwada Road late on Thursday night. Police have started a hunt for the abductors.According to Odhav police, Jawansingh Dindol, a resident of shanties near Savaliya Estate on Kathwada Road, works as a daily wager in nearby industrial units. His wife Geeta had given birth to a baby girl in November this year. The girl was temporarily named Nanni by the parents.\"According to Dindol's complaint, the girl used to cry a lot during the night and had done so even on Monday,\" said an Odhav police official. \"The husband and wife woke up twice during the night and helped her sleep. When Geeta woke up again at 4 am, she found the girl missing. She then woke up Dindol after which they started searching but to no avail.\"J R Desai, inspector of Odhav police station, told TOI that on Thursday a watchman of an industrial unit on Kathwada Road heard the cries of a baby at 11 pm. Curious, he went to the main road and found the girl wrapped in a leather jacket kept at the side of the road. The watchman immediately informed police.\"A team reached on the spot and after verifying that it was a month-old girl, we contacted the complainants in the case,\" said Desai. \"They came to the spot and identified the girl as their Nanni. The jacket is worn out and is generally worn by the labourers working in nearby areas. Our priority was to find the girl. Now, we have started search for the abductors. It is possible that they might have abandoned the child after police intensified the search.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714253", "title": "Two die in road accidents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons including a 71-year-old man were killed in two different accidents reported from Anjali crossroads and Odhav in the past 48 hours.In the first incident, Vidhyut Shah, 71, a resident of Aakar Flats, Paldi, was killed after he was hit by a bike near Anjali crossroads on Thursday morning. The offender was caught by police on the basis of the bike registration number on the same day evening.\"When Shah was crossing the road near Anjali crossroads at 11.15 am, a bike rider driving towards Vasna rammed him. While Shah collapsed on the road, the rider left his bike and fled from the spot. Shah was rushed to the Jivraj Mehta Hospital by the EMRI officials where he died after a short treatment. We provided the registration number to RTO after which we tracked Naresh Modi, 20, a resident of Shyam Bungalows, CTM, and arrested him for the incident,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.Police said that they are questioning Modi to know how the incident took place.The second incident was reported from Odhav where a biker was killed by a trucker. Police identified the deceased as Vijay Khatik, 19, a resident of Silver City Society, Odhav. When Khatik was passing by Maheshwari Society at 9 am on Wednesday, he was hit by a speeding truck. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital where he succumbed to injuries on Thursday evening. His father Ramesh Khatik has filed a complaint against the absconding truck driver for the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715082", "title": "Kotla inspects railway stations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union minister of state for railways Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy inspected the Secunderabad, Kacheguda and Hyderabad railway stations on Friday.While inspecting passenger amenities on all platforms at Secunderabad railway station, he advised the SCR staff to display details on coach indication boards in Telugu besides English.At Kacheguda railway station he took note of the construction near the main entrance. Reddy also visited the Hyderabad station and inspected apron works. He told media later that lifts and escalators will be installed at the stations soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "17714346", "title": "Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University Senate approves deficit budget", "text": "DARBHANGA: The Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University (KSDSU) senate, in its meeting held on Friday under the chairmanship of vice chancellor Dr Arvind Kumar Pandey, approved Rs 5.93 crore deficit budget for the fiscal 2013-14. In the presented budget, the income side has been shown to the tune of Rs 317.30 crore and in the expenditure side to the tune of Rs 323.23 crore.Presenting the budget, the financial advisor of the university, Ramashankar Singh, said the university would strive to procure the deficit amount of Rs 5.93 crore by increasing its internal resources and enhancing the enrolment of students in its 62 colleges and post-graduate departments under the VC's guidance. The income in non-plan head has been fixed to the tune of Rs 218.65 crore and in the plan head Rs 98.65 crore. Addressing the senate meeting from his prepared presidential speech, the VC said in his first year as VC, he tried to develop the required basic infrastructure in various colleges. Till date, he has organized six workshops for the principals of the colleges. He has asked the principals to motivate the students for Sanskrit teaching being provided by the university at a limited cost. He has launched an awareness programme for Sanskrit learning in rural areas.The VC further said he has initiated a move to establish a Sanskrit college for women under the university. He has activated the dormant NSS wing of the university. Though 489 posts of teachers is sanctioned in the university, the state government, in its rationalization report, has mentioned only 271 sanctioned posts which the university has strongly contested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714032", "title": "Bail plea of Jamia student dismissed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has dismissed the bail plea of a Jamia law student, arrested along with four other accused, for allegedly gang-raping a minor for over two months and then confining her at the residence of one of the accused. District judge R K Gauba dismissed the bail plea of Pulkit Chaudhary, saying the probe was at the initial stage and Pulkit does not deserve to be released on bail.According to police, more arrests are likely and the accused should not be released on bail. On December 4, five boys, including three law students, were arrested after the mother of the 16-year-old victim had filed a complaint at the Defence Colony police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715406", "title": "Two cops injured in clash", "text": "KOLKATA: A mob clashed with police at Park Circus on Friday after the latter rescued a woman who was beaten up by the locals for allegedly abducting a girl from Darapara. The girl went missing 10 days ago and the locals spotted the middle-aged woman at Karaya on Friday interacting with some young girls. The locals suspected that she was a trafficker and beat her up. Two policemen were injured in the clash.Police said, ten days ago, a teenage girl Munira Khatun went missing from her Darapara residence. Locals suspect that she was abducted. On Friday, locals spotted a middle aged woman in the locality speaking with some teenage girls. They suspected the woman as girl trafficker and intercepted her.The violent locals badly assaulted her. Meanwhile police were informed who rushed to the spot and rescued the woman. Locals turned more furious and put up a blockade on number 4 bridge. Police tried to persuade but meanwhile a section of mob started ransacking some vehicles. They even pelted stones on police when cops gave them a chase. Two policemen were injured in the clash. To bring situation under control, huge contingent of Rapid Action Force has been deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714449", "title": "Govt to approach Supreme Court on urban polls", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has decided to approach the Supreme Court for postponement of urban local body elections in the state.An emergency meeting of the cabinet unanimously resolved to file a special leave petition before the apex court against the high court's directive. Following a petition by the state election commission, the high court had directed the government to submit the reservation list of 209 ULBs on Friday.Instead of the reservation list, the government filed an application before the high court seeking a four-week stay on the December 20 order of a vacation division bench directing submission of the final wardwise reservation list.The government wants elections to be held after preparing the reservation list taking the 2011 census figures which will be published in March. The government's argument is that if it's not done as per the 2011 census, it will affect social justice, as the population has increased in the past 10 years. Moreover, many town panchayats, city municipal councils and city municipal councils have to be upgraded based on their population.Compounding the problems is the draft reservation published by the government based on the 2001 census which has received around 2,500 objections. The government says it requires time to scrutinize them and take corrective measures. \"Our stand is clear. We want reservation based on 2011 census. We are approaching the Supreme Court,'' law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17715445", "title": "Punjabi varsity develops 'text-to-speech' software for blind", "text": "PATIALA: Panjabi University, Patiala, has developed a \"text-to-speech\" software using which blind people will be able to hear any text written in Punjabi. The TTS software will be the first one to translate other languages into Punjabi and convert the text into speech.Funded by the department of science and technology, the TTS system has been developed by the computer science department of the Punjabi University.Dr Gurpreet Singh Lehal, who was part of the team that developed the software, said, \"The system can be used as an add-on tool embedded with web browsers that will enable computers to read a website in Punjabi language.\"\"The system can translate languages, including Hindi and English into Punjabi,\" said Lehal.He added that the total project cost came around to Rs 19 lakh.Lehal said in a book was to be heard, it would have to be first scanned and then use a computer fitted with the software to convert the text into speech.IIT, Hyderabad, was the first institution to develop such a system. The IIT had developed TTS system for Hindi.\"The system will also be a great help to all the persons with cognitive disabilities like dyslexia (difficulty reading), attention deficit disorder , and learning disabilities in general,\" Lehal added.The university authorities are expected submit their project to the Union government in the first week of January and also put the software on its official website. The software can be downloaded from the university website from January, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714580", "title": "Citizen's Charter online on Jan 15", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh administration is set to introduce Citizens Charter of all its departments online with effect from January 15, 2013 to increase transparency and improve responsiveness in governance.The Citizens Charters of various UT departments like labour, agriculture, excise and taxation , health, cooperation, education, transport and Government Medical College and Hospital which are already in place were reviewed. These departments have been asked to revise their Citizens Charters by updating the services being covered and the time frame for delivering them. The remaining departments have been asked to frame their Citizens Charter and upload the same on Chandigarh administration's website.The charter will help people know the mandate of the concerned ministry/ department/ organization, how one can get in touch with its officials, what to expect by way of services and how to seek a remedy if something goes wrong.The Citizen's Charter does not by itself create new legal rights, but it surely helps in enforcing existing rights. The Citizen's Charter is not legally enforceable and, therefore, is non-justifiable. However, it is a tool for facilitating the delivery of services to citizens with specified standards, quality and time frame with commitments from the organization and its clients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719068", "title": "Art brings hearts together, says south African Bharatnatyam dancer", "text": "The language of dance is universal. It goes beyond countries and continents to make its presence felt. The harbinger of Bharatnatyam in a foreign land is Verushkha Pather, a fourth-generation Indian in South Africa who learned the classical art in Chennai. Recently in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Verushkha and her group performed a dance drama titled, Sri Krishna Leela, in Delhi. In an exclusive interview with The Times of India, she discusses her love of artsQ: What attracted you to dance?A: l loved the expression of dance. I realized by the time I was 15 that dance was an important and special part of my life. I came to India through the ICCR scholarship and later decided to make it a full time career. I committed myself to Bharatnatyam .Q: Who was your teacher?A: My gurus are the Dhananjayans from Chennai. V.P Dhananjayan and Shanta Dhananjayan taught me this art form. They are not only great artists but also exceptional human beings.Q: How was your experience of Indian classical arts as a South African?A: I have very strong Indian roots as my grandfather was an Indian. I am a fourth-generation Indian in South Africa. We live in a very western country but I chose the classical form to bridge the two countries. As an ambassador of the classical arts, I think I have been able to do so.Q: What is your idea of spirituality?A: For me praying and offering can only be accomplished through dance. I have been able to see the presence of divinity onstage. My art has brought me to India and my love for it has introduced me to my Gurus and many great people. Art is a medium to bring hearts together.Q: What is the idea behind Sri Krishna Leela by Verusha and the group?A. I created the concept of Sri Krishna Leela which was influenced by my association with ISKON. It happened because of the interaction with people of the younger generation like me who believed in dance being a medium of storytelling. The Bhagwad Gita is one of the most wonderful scriptures of India and it is a privilege to narrate it through art. I chose the verses from the scriptures that I think are essential and the message of the Gita is enhanced through our performance. Through our dance fused with the beautiful poetry, it depicts the essence of what is written in our holy scriptures. It is a performance of classical Bharatnatyam in a very contemporary style of storytelling. What captivates the audience is the brilliant drama and the melodious poetry that has been enhanced with a harmonic orchestra.Q. What are your expectations from the performance tour in India?A. It is a great opportunity for us South Africans to showcase the art that we've learnt from India. We are grateful to the ICCR's vision of social cohesion among countries through arts and culture. It is phenomenal. They ensure that the seed of India grows in every country of the world.Q. What are your future plans?A. We have performed in Chennai, Goa and Delhi. Now we'll be performing in Vrindavan, Mumbai and Udaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715333", "title": "Corporate social responsibility awards distributed at Goa chamber of commerce and industry", "text": "PANAJI: Pentair Water bagged the corporate social responsibility (CSR) award for excellence while two NGOs-Matruchaya, Ponda and St Xavier's training academy for handicapped children, Old Goa, were also awarded for their work in the social sector.Instituted by Green triangle in collaboration with Goa chamber of commerce and industry (GCCI), the awards were given by deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza at an awards ceremony held at Ghall, Panaji, on Friday evening. The CSR award in the environment category was awarded to Peninsular real estate pvt ltd, while Sesa mining bagged the award in the education category and Sygenta for community work. The deputy chief minister said that governments cannot do everything in the society and urged the corporate world to lend a helping hand. Appreciating the organizers, he said the awards would motivate industrialists to contribute more towards CSR initiatives.Chairman of Green triangle, Manguirish Pai Raikar, who is also the president of GCCI, said that the awards were instituted so that the corporate give back to the society from where they earn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17712434", "title": "Sri Lanka-West Indies series put off to free players for IPL 6", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian cricket board (BCCI), the richest body in the sport, has prevailed upon the Sri Lanka and West Indies boards to postpone a series scheduled for May since it would have clashed with next year's Indian Premier League.The West Indies are the reigning World T20 champions while the Lankans had finished runners-up in this year's tournament. The postponement ensures that a host of stars, including the likes of Chris Gayle , will become available for the entire IPL 6 season.The Lankans were originally scheduled to tour West Indies for two Tests, three ODIs and two T20 internationals in May. The series will now be accommodated into the ICC's Future Tours Programme (FTP) at a later date. Incidentally, the IPL 6 schedule was also released on Friday.\"The Sri Lankan tour of the West Indies was rescheduled to allow players from both teams to participate in the IPL,\" Imran Khan , corporate communications officer of the West Indies Cricket Board, said in a press release.The matter was first brought to the notice of the IPL franchises by the Lankan players themselves, who told their team owners to settle the matter with the Indian board as they wouldn't be available for the entire IPL season.According to sources, BCCI then got in touch with the two boards (SLC and WICB) and discussed the matter.The board has also promised a tri-series in exchange for allowing the Lankan and West Indies players to take part in the IPL. The WICB announced that the tri-series - involving India, Lanka and the hosts - would be held from June 28 to July 11, right after the final edition of the Champions Trophy in June in England next year.\"It was a mutual decision to host a tri-series,\" a source said. When TOI spoke to BCCI officials, they denied that pressure tactics were used to reschedule the series.\"As part of the ICC FTP, Sri Lanka was originally scheduled to tour the Caribbean for two Tests, three ODIs and two Twenty20 internationals in 2013. The two Tests have been deferred and will be played at a later date in the FTP cycle,\" the release said, adding: The bumper season of international cricket in the Caribbean will reach a crescendo when the three biggest teams in limited-overs cricket clash in the Caribbean in June and July next year in a seven-match ODI tri-nation series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17716720", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Bollywood celebs express anger over rape", "text": "Bollywood celebrities have expressed grief and anger over the brutal gang rape of a student in the national capital that has shocked the nation.Actress and activist Shabana Azmi termed the incident \"horrific\" and said it points to \"a shocking state of affairs\".\"What we really need to do is to use this shocking incident as a wake-up call to demand fast-track courts, speedy justice, and a process of investigation that is firm; there has to be the certainty of punishment for the accused,\" said Shabana.The savage rape and torture of the 23-year-old by at least six men occurred Sunday night when the woman and her male friend boarded a private bus, used for ferrying school children, in south Delhi after watching a movie.The victim, battling for life at the Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi, was brutally assaulted in the moving bus. Her male friend, who tried to save her, was beaten up by the rapists. Both were dumped by the roadside after some 40 minutes.The shocking incident, which has resulted in widespread street protests across the country, has had its impact in Mumbai as well.\"I can't imagine that kind of brutality,\" said actress Soha Ali Khan , \"it makes one incredibly enraged when you think about it.\"\"I can't imagine what the victim and her family are going through... my heart bleeds for her and I hope that she survives and that she fights and goes on to live a wonderful life. I am just praying for her well being at the moment.\"Music Composer A.R. Rahman felt doomsday had arrived. \"It is doomsday because somebody has done such a big harm to humanity. It is disrespect to humanity. If you don't fix it now, it is shame for the nation,\" said the Oscar winner.Former member of Parliament and actress Hema Malini , herself a mother of two, has advised girls to stop taking their security lightly.\"When my daughters go out of home and when they come late at night, I get very worried. I keep calling them all the time. I tell them to take our driver and don't go with any stranger. So my advice to all the children of this country, especially girls, don't take it so lightly and just walk out. Anything can happen with anybody.\"The rape victim continues to battle for her life after an operation to remove her entire intestine, and doctors said Friday that she remains critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719092", "title": "Trisha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next will be RUM", "text": "Trisha's next will be titled RUM (Rambha, Urvasim Menaka) and it would be a female-centric film. This is the first time Trisha would be working on such a script putting beside her conventional glam roles. Trisha will not be playing a princess, warrior or a lady cop or a feminist in the film as speculated but it'll be interesting to see what her character in the film will be. Also, film buffs are waiting with bated breath to know who the other two heroines are as the title suggests three heroines.The trilingual (Telugu, Tamil and Kannada) film is likely to commence shooting from January 2013. However, Trisha says that she would finish her pending projects before she starts shooting for her next. Producer-Director MS Raju confirms saying, \"Yes, I've roped in Trisha for the project but I cannot reveal more details on this project now. It's premature to comment about the film's casting, director and producer since there are several other that need to be finalized.\"It was MS Raju who gave the breakthrough for Trisha in Telugu with super hits like Varsham and Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana. And the actress is looking for a similar break at this point too in Tollywood. Remember, Anushka worked on female-oriented films like Arundhati, while Charmme and Genelia too essayed key roles in woman-centric films like Mantra, Mangala, Katha, etc.Trisha, who was last seen in NTR-starrer Dammu, is awaiting the release of her upcoming Tamil action film directed by Thiru, co-starring Vikram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715271", "title": "Horrors of social stigma haunts women, encourages eve-teasers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rape can be limited if the government agencies start taking cases of eve-teasing seriously. Unfortunately, it is the casual approach towards the problem, which virtually leads to the rising incidents of rape cases with every passing day in the state - at least five cases per day as per the National Crime Records Bureau in UP. And these cases only suggest the extent of the problem as experts believe that scores of cases go unregistered. Doctors at King George's Medical University's obstetrics &amp; gynaecology and paediatrics departments revealed that it is social stigma, which curtails the parents from voicing their protests. \"If the cops take eve-teasing seriously, they can deter a person from going further. Someone who indulges in rape is usually a perennial eve-teaser,\" said Madhu Garg, state general secretary of All India Democratic Women's Association. But, the problem of eve-teasing in the city is rampant. And it is the public transport, which gives the worst of experience to girls.Eve-teasing is rampant: A random survey conducted by Saanjhi Dunia, a women rights' organisation, revealed that 9 out of 10 women using public transport face eve-teasing on a regular basis. \"About 93.72% women surveyed by us admitted that they face eve-teasing almost every day. The remaining women said that eve-teasing occurred occasionally,\" said Prof Roop Rekha Verma, founder of the organisation. She revealed that though the qualitative analysis is still underway, initial findings suggested that the problem of eve-teasing is diverse and complex in nature. It included actions, expressions and verbal comments. The worst part is that society including the perpetrator man and some victim women also feel that eve-teasing is a part of life. This means that the approach towards it is quite casual. \"All those resorting to the streets and raising their voice for justice for the Delhi gang rape victim must pledge their individual contribution. Least they can do is to respect women around them and sensitise others by discouraging such actions,\" she said.Girls blame themselves: \"About 20-30% girls blamed their sense of dressing, body language and actions for attracting and instigating men to tease them. Jeans and t-shirts without stole was the culprit for many,\" said Uzma who also interviewed certain girls for the study. The researchers found that the eve-teasing was associated with some strange misconceptions as well. For example: One of the girls stated that \"Only beautiful girls are teased.\" Just 3% girls said that they raised voice against eve-teasing and that too, in extreme cases. They said that they didn't want to drag the matter because of social stigma and fear of loosing their freedom. \"I restrained from police action thinking that my parents may tell me to stay back home or impose restrictions,\" said a respondent.There's no one to help: Almost 68.4% women who took the survey said that no one comes to their aid in case someone is misbehaving with them. About 30% said that some people did come to their support, but most of those who supported were women. \"May be because women identify themselves with the victim,\" reasoned one of the participants in the survey. Some found that the help offered by some men to woman in distress was superficial action. \"This could be due to the fact that they have been doing the same act at some other point of time or at some other place,\" said Tasneen, who was a part of this survey. A look at the other responses suggests that help usually means displacing the victim from the place. There is no concept of booking the perpetrator. \"Those who help tell girls to ignore the matter and flee from the place to avoid further trouble,\" said a respondent.Eve-teasing leaves a life-long scar: Ruhina who stays in Rajajipuram, travels to Mahanagar-based office on most of the days. She commutes through a tempo, as she cannot drive because of medical reasons. Once on her way back home, she was harassed by someone in an inebriated state. To lodge her resistance, she raised alarm, but no one came forward, as the man was holding a fire arm. Forget help, matter got worse thereafter. \"He uttered bad words and threatened to tear off my clothes in full public. No one helped me. I requested the tempo driver to stop the vehicle, but the man didn't let him stop and continued to nudge me. When I reached the tempo stand, I got down and ran in full speed to save myself,\" she said adding, \"all this happened about three years ago, but the nightmare wakes me up from sleep even now. I am trying to forget it.\" Experts say that girls are taught to ignore 'all this' but an incident of eve-teasing is nothing less than a mental assault. \"It's unnatural to bear atrocious behaviour. They tend to haunt a woman each day and never let her self-confidence blossom,\" said an expert in social psychology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714369", "title": "CM for regular raids against sale of spurious liquor", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday directed excise department officials to organize regular raids on the basis of reliable intelligence inputs to bust the sale of spurious liquor in the state, as its widespread use has been resulting in hooch deaths rather frequently. The CM, who was reviewing the activities and achievements of the excise department, said the mafia engaged in the production and sale of spurious liquor should be identified with active support and inputs from intelligence officials and stringent action should also be taken against them. It was necessary that the excise department increase its revenue earnings, but it was also incumbent on them and intelligence officials of the police department to operate in tandem for the effective liquidation of mafia engaged in the illegal production and sale of liquor, the CM added.Those who participated in the review meeting included excise minister Vijendra Prasad Yadav, excise secretary Sandeep Poundrik, CS A K Sinha etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17719707", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Victim gives statement to SDM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 23-year-old gang-rape victim on Saturday recorded her statement before a sub-divisional magistrate about the December 16 incident.The young paramedical student, who is in a critical condition at Safdarjung Hospital here on Saturday \"told the SDM about the entire incident\", said a police official, adding that her statement is now admissible in court.The woman was tortured and subjected to brutal gang-rape last Sunday night on a moving private bus when she and a male friend were going home after catching a film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714265", "title": "Child molestation: Two arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sarkhej police officials probing the suspected molestation of a 3-year-old boy, a resident of Prahladnagar, arrested a man and a woman in connection with the case on Friday.The duo underwent medical check-up and was questioned thoroughly by the officials to know their version of the incident. Police also produced them before the court and sought remand.On Wednesday, the boy's parents approached Ahmedabad rural police and filed a complaint of sexual abuse against a woman identified as Komal and an unidentified van driver. As per the complaint, the child, a student of Shaishya Kids Campus on SG Highway, started displaying very odd changes in his behaviour since the last one week. During counseling session by a child psychiatrist, the boy revealed that the caretaker and an unidentified van driver used to abuse him as the couple used to touch themselves and the child inappropriately. Such activities took place in the school campus and in the school van.Sarkhej police station inspector R C Patel told TOI that Komal Makwana, 21, a resident of Thaltej, and Mahesh Vankar, 25, a resident of Ambawadi, were arrested on Friday. \"While Komal was named by the child, we screened the van drivers and got to know about Mahesh whom Komal used to accompany frequently. In the primary investigation, the duo stated that the allegations are baseless and the child might have no idea what he was talking about,\" he said.Patel added that while Komal is working with the pre-school for the past seven months, Mahesh is associated with the organization since its foundation as the van driver. \"Their statement has been recorded and their medical check up will be conducted,\" he said.Parag Gathani, trustee of the pre-school, said that they have taken measurements to ensure children's safety on the campus and during transit. \"We are yet to know about developments in the case, but we've ensured all possible support to police investigators,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17719986", "title": "Massive protests over Delhi gang rape, PM meets Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police fired teargas shells and resorted to lathicharge and use of water cannons on Saturday to disperse thousands of people who had gathered at Raisina Hill close to the Rashtrapati Bhavan to protest against the gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman in a bus six days ago.But the government said it was already acting on the protesters' demands and appealed for calm.Some of the protesters, who were injured in the police action, were taken to a hospital.Police first used water cannons to disperse the crowd but as the protesters did not budge, they used teargas shells and wielded sticks.Policemen were seen chasing people, many of them students. Some protesters resorted to stone-pelting too.As the people reassembled, police again used water cannons to disperse them.Apart from Raisina Hill, protesters had converged at India Gate too.Minister of state for home RPN Singh said police had been asked to exercise maximum restraint and the government was acting on people's demands.The minister told a news channel that police could not allow people to break barricades and enter government buildings.Calling for calm, he said there was no police action at places where protesters were peaceful.Some people, he said, were trying to make it an unruly mob.\"I'm not justifying use of teargas,\" RPN Singh said but added that there were attempts to break barricades in the sensitive area close to the President's house and other key government offices.\"Government is hearing them (the protesters) loud and clear,\" he said.Police would seek maximum punishment for the guilty in the gang rape case and strict steps were being taken to ensure safety of women , he added.Police have arrested all the six accused in the case.The rape victim is currently battling for her life in a hospital here.RPN Singh said the government was willing to talk to the people but the protest should be orderly.But the protesters, which included school students, lambasted police action and said they would stay put.\"We were protesting in a peaceful manner. They started beating us. Is this democracy? We are just demanding a strong law,\" Ritika, a college student, said.\"We are not afraid of police action. We'll come here daily till we get justice,\" said Ruchi, another student.\"Why teargas shells; why lathicharge; why water cannons? We are students, not terrorists. Why so much police here; why don't they stand on the road to stop crime?\" she added.Protestors were carrying posters and banners.\"My tight top, high heels are not an invitation,\" read one poster.Another read: \"Law of zero tolerance for rapists.\"The protesters started arriving at India Gate since early morning and were joined by former army chief Gen VK Singh.They then began marching towards the high-security Rashtrapati Bhavan on Raisina Hill but were stopped by security personnel, who had put up barricades.Outrage has been swelling across the country after the woman was tortured and subjected to brutal gang rape in a moving private bus on December 16 in Delhi while she and a male friend were going home after watching a film.PM MEETS HOME MINISTERPrime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday directed home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to ensure sense of security in Delhi and see that incidents like last Sunday's gang rape do not recur.The directive came when Shinde called Singh to brief him on the situation in the aftermath of the gang-rape incident, sources said.Shinde told the Prime Minister that he was personally monitoring the situation.Sources said the Prime Minister told Shinde that he should ensure a sense of security in the capital, whose law and order is the direct responsibility of the home minister.Singh asked Shinde to take all measures to see that there is no recurrence of the incidents like the recent gang rape of 23-year-old girl who was also brutally assaulted by the six accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704529", "title": "Bipasha Basu on Bigg Boss", "text": "The contestants of Bigg Boss Season 6 are in for a pleasant surprise this Christmas weekend as Salman and Bipasha get set to grace the house by their presence.The contestants of Bigg Boss Season 6 are in for a pleasant surprise this Christmas weekend. Salman Khan , the host of Bigg Boss, is going to enter the house for the first time ever this season. The Dabangg Khan will ask his fan and model-actor Sana Khan to mock his trademark Dabangg step along with him. Salman will also play pranks with the rest of the housemates such as 'freeze and release'. Like, Salman entering the house wasn't enough, bombshell Bipasha Basu will be entering the house as well. The housemates are in for a big treat as they get to witness, and also groove with the dusky beauty to some of her numbers. Bipasha is also set to test the housemates' dancing skills as she will judge them on a dance performance, the winner of which will receive a gift from Bipasha herself. To enhance the Christmas festivities for the housemates, Bipasha will be bring in special Christmas goodies for all of them. The episode will be aired on Saturday and Sunday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713187", "title": "'Vasai women wary of approaching cops'", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of women politicians from Vasai told police there that chain snatching was becoming a menace in the region and that women seeking to lodge complaints were being asked by cops why they wear ornaments in public. Women felt unsafe on roads and are wary of approaching the police. They have little confidence in the police. The delegation demanded more uniformed cops on the streets.Geeta Vernekar, head of the women's wing of the Vasai Congress, Jyoti Pawar and Prachi Panse, of the Shiv Sena , and Kiran Jha and Bharati Bansode of the BJP met police officials on the issue on Friday. Women leaders from various political parties in the Vasai region have written to the police to take steps to curb crimes against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai/nashik/ahmednagar", "code": "17715294", "title": "Kidnapper gang busted, Rs 5cr ransom recovered", "text": "MUMBAI/NASHIK/AHMEDNAGAR: A gang of kidnappers was busted on Friday in Nashik, a little more than 24 hours after they abducted the brother of an onion trader. While eight of the kidnappers have been arrested, the police also recovered the Rs 5 crore ransom that the victim's family paid them.The gang, consisting mostly of graduates, abducted Shankarlal Thakkar (45) on Wednesday night from near Pimpalgaon in Nashik rural. Thakkar brother's Karandas of Pimpalgaon Baswant is a well-known onion trader. Thakkar is also in the family business.The ransom call to Thakkar's residence was made on Thursday morning, sources said. The kidnappers asked for Rs 15 crore initially but later settled for Rs 5 crore.A kidnapping case was registered with the Pimpalgaon police and wireless messages were flashed across Nashik, Nashik rural and Ahmednagar. The arrests were made early Friday morning.\"We rescued Thakkar and later arrested eight accused, all in their mid 20s. We wanted Thakkar's safe release first. Soon after, we swung into action and caught them,\" said Dhananjay Kamalakar, IG (Nashik range). Those arrested were identified as Yogesh Gadakh, Dawood Milani, Sagar Gavali, Arjun Rahane (all from Niphad), Sachin Patil alias Kolhe, Tushar Bairagi (both of Pimpalgaon Baswant), Sunil Pithe of Dindori and Kondaji Wadekar of Ahmednagar.The police are looking for two more persons but did not divulge their details. One of the accused, who had earlier worked with Thakkar, came up with the abduction idea.\"Thakkar's relatives came with cash kept in four bags. We did not want to intervene till Thakkar was released at 9.30 pm on Thursday. The money was paid at a deserted place on Shiblapur Road in Sangamner tehsil after which the accused fled. When we got the signal that Thakkar has been released, we raided a house in a nearby village at around 3 am on Friday,\" a police source said.\"A team of 75 police personnel was on the job. One of the accused attempted to open fire but that was foiled by an inspector. We recovered the entire amount, three revolvers, 78 live rounds and a car in which Thakkar was taken,\" the source said.The state government has announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for the joint teams for this operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17713992", "title": "No debate on irrigation upsets Chavan", "text": "NAGPUR: Blaming the Opposition for stalling sessions of the winter session, CM Prithviraj Chavan said it would have been better if a debate was allowed on the alleged irrigation scam.The winter session of the state assembly ended on Friday with 22 hours lost on account of adjournments. \"We expected a debate on irrigation but it didn't happen,\" Chavan said.On the last day of the session, the VIDC tabled its annual report for 2010-11. It says almost 14.30 lakh hectares of irrigation potential has been created. But CAG's performance review says the corporation has been able to create irrigation potential of not more than 3.82 lakh hectares till March 2011 against the targeted 15.74 lakh hectares. VIDC executive director P Zapke assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714760", "title": "Sporting controversies make 2012 an eventful year", "text": "2012 was an eventful year what with numerous sporting controversies that erupted. Racism in football, gamesmanship in F1, and fixing in badminton and cricket, one saw several hues. TOI gives you a quick lookback...INDIAN TENNIS TEAM SELECTION: Team selections are done by officials, but in India sometimes players decide what the officials should do. The AITA set one of the worst precedents in team selection when they played into the hands of its star players while putting together a team for the London Olympics. With the country's second and third best doubles players - Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna - refusing to team up with Leander Paes, AITA was forced to revise their decision to field only one doubles team. However, that meant Paes had as partner someone who had played just one ATP level match before that. AITA also used Sania Mirza as a bait to placate a sulking Paes.EPL RACISM ROW: Difficult situations often cause different reactions. John Terry's argument with Anton Ferdinand in the match between Chelsea and Queen's Park Rangers at Loftus Road was one such incident. The former England captain's career went into a tail spin after he was accused of using racist language and charged by the Metropolitan Police. The bedrock of Chelsea and England defence was cleared by the Westminister Magistrates' court, but was charged by the Football Association. Terry's request for a personal hearing was agreed to, but he announced his retirement from international football a day before the hearing. Result? A fine of \u00c2\u00a3220,000 and a consolation of post-script in the FA report: \"Terry is not a racist!\"FERRARI'S PROTEST: At the season-ending Brazilian GP, Sebastian Vettel was in the thick of action. Ferrari wrote to the FIA demanding an explanation after official race footage suggested Vettel may have passed Torro Rosso driver Jean-Eric Vergne during a yellow flag zone. However, video clips from Vettel's Red Bull Racing team showed him passing Vergne after the green flag was waved, but, incidentally, before all three yellow lights had been clearly illuminated.IPL SPOT-FIXING: Since its launch in 2008, the IPL has been dogged by controversies. The mother of all stings was aired on May 14 this year when a news channel accused five IPL players of being involved in spot-fixing. The players were TP Sudhindra (Deccan Chargers), Mohnish Mishra (Pune Warriors), Amit Yadav and Shalabh Srivastava (Kings XI Punjab) and Delhi's Abhinav Bali. The IPL suspended all the five uncapped players.SHUTTLE-FIX: Eight female shuttlers were disqualified from the London Games after they tried to 'deliberately' lose their matches to receive a favourable place at the knockout stage. The BWF reacted seriously after the allegations against them were proved. The players are Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang of China, South Korea's Jung Kyun-eun and Kim Ha-na, along with South Korea's Ha Jung-eun and Kim Min-jung, and Indonesia's Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii.THE KP SAGA: The SA-born cricketer was fined for a Twitter outburst against ex-England opener Nick Knight in May. The same month he announced his retirement from ODIs while saying he intended to play T20s for England. However, the terms of his central contract with the ECB meant he had to retire from both forms. Trouble escalated when it was alleged that he had sent defamatory text messages about skipper Andrew Strauss to members of the SA squad.SHE'S NOT DANE YET: A tag can be irksome sometimes. So, to shed the 'boring' tag. Caroline Wozniacki concocted stories. One day at the Australian Open last year, she rattled off answers to all possible questions at a presser. The next day she narrated the story of how she was attacked by a kangaroo. If that was for laughs, what she made of Serena Williams during an exhibition match against Maria Sharapova in Brazil raised hackles.MARIO BALOTELLI: Mood swings are a given, petulance quite natural and if it's Mario Balotelli, trouble can't be far behind. Whether it's distributing money in Manchester or getting cheeky with a bobby, Balotelli has been there and done that. It's said that officials at Manchester City are in constant dread of the trouble he can cause off the field. On the eve of Italy's Euro 2012 semifinal against Germany, Balotelli was informed by his on-off girlfriend, Raffaella Fico, that she is pregnant with his daughter. Joy, happiness, paternity tests and 'irresponsible father' accusations followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714411", "title": "Patna Jn parcel office yet to be computerized", "text": "PATNA: The railways' project for computerization of the Patna parcel office is hanging fire. It was in 2010 that the Railway Board had initiated a move for computerization of railway parcel offices across the country.According to a Railway Board official, unless each railway division completes the process of computerization of the parcel offices in their respective areas, parcel offices cannot be linked together. The Board is seriously monitoring this plan to complete it at the earliest, he said and added computerization would help railways maintain transparency in the carriage of booked consignments from one station to another station across the country.According to Danapur railway divisional manager (DRM) L M Jha, the division is following the Board's directive in the matter.The computerization would help railways check leakages and malpractices in booking of railway consignments.Besides, the general complaint about 'over-carriage' of the booked luggage can also be checked under the new system, he said.According to an ECR official, Patna Junction has been yielding good parcel revenue from very beginning.CRIS, a well known company, is executing the computerization project for the railway parcel office at Patna Junction.Sources said railways has decided to computerize parcel bookings at every major station of the division.According to an ECR official, the greatest advantage of parcel office computerization is that the booking station of parcel goods would be in direct touch with the station for where the parcel goods has been booked.Thus possibility of any delay in booking or delivering the consignments can be completely checked, he said.As per the plan, ECR has to link the functioning of parcel offices of all major stations falling under the zone through computerized network. The greatest advantage of the computerization system would be faster transportation of the consignments across the country, an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714969", "title": "Man gets lifer for killing wife, children", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge MW Chandwani on Friday has sentenced a man to life imprisonment and fine Rs 1,000 in default to suffer another one month of jail after holding him guilty for murdering wife and two children at Ajni railway quarters on April 28 in 2009.The court has convicted Shailesh Shukla for murder while acquitting him for attempting to commit suicide. Shukla, perturbed over financial constraint, assaulted wife Sulekha, five-year-old son Akash and two-year-old Priya with sharp weapon.He was also trying to slash his neck when rescued by the cops from Immambada police station. Shukla, also injured, was charged for murder and attempt to commit suicide by the Imambada police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713782", "title": "Ace jockey Prakash to bid adieu", "text": "MUMBAI: B Praksh, one of the leading jockeys on Indian racing scene today, has decided to hang his boots and wants to become a trainer. He will be seen in action for the last time during the Sunday's Mumbai races.\"Yes, he has decided to retire,\" said Khushroo Dhunjibhoy, chairman, Royal Western India Turf Club. \"I will support him as an owner whenever he gets training license,\" added one of the leading horse owners in the country.Prakash, son of former jockey PS Bhonsale, had started his riding career at the Mahalaxmi course in 1995. He has won over 2000 races and more than 100 Classics at various racing centres in the country. The 35-year-old has been struggling to maintain riding weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714082", "title": "'Sena won't allow cricket matches with Pak in Maharashtra'", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi on Friday said his party would not allow India-Pakistan cricket matches to be held anywhere in Maharashtra.Talking to mediapersons, Joshi said Sainiks would disrupt the cricket matches with Pakistan wherever possible. \"We are told that the India-Pakistan matches will not be played in Mumbai. However, no matches will be allowed elsewhere too,\" he added.\"Pakistan should behave like a true friend of India and then talk playing cricket matches in our country,\" he added. Joshi complimented Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for his victory in the assembly elections. \"The people of Gujarat have endorsed Modi's development agenda. I am sure he will follow the same agenda if he leads the country. The Sena will support Modi as NDA's prime ministerial candidate,\" the former Lok Sabha speaker added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17715485", "title": "'Trojan horse' therapy beats cancer in mice", "text": "LONDON: An experimental 'Trojan horse' cancer therapy has completely eliminated prostate cancer in experiments on mice, UK researchers claim.The team hid cancer killing viruses inside the immune system in order to sneak them into a tumour. They used white blood cells as 'Trojan horses' to deliver the viral punch. Once inside, tens of thousands of viruses were released to kill the cancerous cells, the BBC News reported.Using viruses to destroy rapidly growing tumours is an emerging field in cancer therapy, however one of the challenges is getting the viruses deep inside the tumour where they can do the damage. \"The problem is penetration,\" professor Claire Lewis from the University of Sheffield said.After chemotherapy or radiotherapy is used to treat cancer, there is damage to the tissue. This causes a surge in white blood cells, which swamp the area to help repair the damage.\"We're surfing that wave to get as many white blood cells to deliver tumour-busting viruses into the heart of a tumour,\" said Lewis.Her team took blood samples and extracted macrophages, a part of the immune system which normally attacks foreign invaders. These were mixed with a virus which, just like HIV, avoids being attacked and instead becomes a passenger in the white blood cell.In the study, the mice were injected with the white blood cells two days after a course of chemotherapy ended. After about 12 hours the white blood cells burst and eject up to 10,000 viruses each - which go on to infect, and kill, the cancerous cells.At the end of the 40-day study, none of the mice had any sign of tumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17719964", "title": "RMC to launch drive against illegal water connections in Rajkot city", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) will launch drive against illegal water connections in city in order to maintain the effective water supply and keep a watch on water thefts and direct pumping from pipelines in city.Sources said that RMC Commissioner Ajay Bhadoo has formed 23 teams consisting of engineers, technical staff for effective monitoring of water distribution system in city.RMC officials said that due rain deficiency, the drinking water sources are about to dry and the city will depend on Narmada water in coming days.\"The judicious use of water is need of the hour. In order to check the illegal water drawing, teams would go to each ward and check quantity and quality drinking water supply at different place and will find out illegal water connections.\"The decision has been taken to strengthen water supply system in the time of scarcity and maintain the equal water distribution in city. Our teams would check various aspects including leakage water at valve chambers, wastage of water at any places, illegal water connections and direct pumping by electric motors in city'' RMC official said.RMC sources say that they have come across many cases in which people are using electric motor to draw water directly from pipeline and it affects equal water distribution system. In wake of scarcity, RMC has already imposed water cuts and now it supplies water 20 minutes every alternate day in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17718066", "title": "Jayalalithaa urges PM to get Cauvery tribunal award notified", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take immediate steps to notify the final order of the Cauvery water tribunal for ensuring release of water by Karnataka to save withering crops in the state during the distress period.\"The storage position in Mettur Reservoir has reached a precarious position and a calamitous situation prevails in the Cauvery-fed districts of Tamil Nadu.As on 21st December, the storage in Mettur Reservoir is just 8.8 tmcft. The situation in the Cauvery-fed districts has become grim, affecting the livelihood and the survival of millions of farmers and agricultural labourers of Tamil Nadu,\" she said in a letter to Singh.The state, she said, been made to run from pillar to post to get its due share of water from Karnataka. She pointed out, \"But, in spite of all our efforts, Karnataka continues to utilise all the waters of the Cauvery River brazenly, as if it owns the River, with scant regard to the plight of the lower riparian State.\"The chief minister reiterated her earlier demand that the final order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal should be notified without any further loss of time and the Cauvery Management Board and the Cauvery Water Regulation Committee put in place so that the Final Order of February, 2007, which could not be implemented till date, can be brought to force and the releases to Tamil Nadu by Karnataka can be ensured.Thus, the withering crops could be saved to some extent. \"I hope that you will consider the plight of the farmers and agricultural labourers of Tamil Nadu and instruct the Ministry of Water Resources to notify the final order of the Tribunal forthwith,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718829", "title": "No impact of Leuva votes in poll outcome on Surat seats", "text": "SURAT: The hype generated during the poll campaign over Leuva Patel votes going against BJP on the seats in Surat city proved to be totally misleading. Unlike Saurashtra, where this voter segment did play a role in denying the BJP at least 10 assembly seats, it did not have any impact in the diamond city.There are four assembly constituencies of Katargam, Kamrej, Karanj and Varachha that have nearly 3.5 lakh Leuva voters. Had they gone in for tactical voting against the BJP, the results would have been somewhat different and the BJP would not have made a clean sweep in the city.After the results, the community leaders are giving various reasons for the poll outcome. Some say that lack of a clear cut aggressive public stance by community leaders at congregations like the one for Khodaldham against chief minister Narendra Modi resulted in the Leuvas not voting en-block.Kanji Bhalala, a community leader said, \"It is clear that people gave preference to the party and not the community. It needs to be acknowledged that the youth preferred Modi over Keshubhai Patel.\"Another community leader Mafat Shiroya pointed that community votes were split. \"There were three Leuva candidates in Kamrej. Praful Pansheriya of BJP, Bhagirath Pithwadiwala of Congress and Dikhush Chovatiya of GPP were contesting against each other. In Karanj, too, Janak Bagdanawala of BJP, Dayha Khambhaniya of GPP and Jaisukh Jhalawadia of Congress were in fray. In Varachha Kishore Kanani of BJP, Dhiru Gajera of Congress and Hira Gangani of GPP were fighting for a win.\" Even in Katargam Nanu Vanani of BJP and Ghanshyam Italiya of GPP were both Leuvas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718884", "title": "Five killed as bus overturns near Morbi", "text": "RAJKOT: Five persons died on the spot and 19 were injured when a bus carrying tourists of Rajpipla to Kutch overturned near Nagdavas village in Morbi taluka on Friday.All the deceased were businessmen and members of Rajpipla Chamber of Commerce. They were on way to Mata no Madh in Kutch to take part in Rannotsav.The accident happened around 5:30 am when all the tourists were asleep.The deceased have been identified as Vikram Parikh, Ashok Doshi, Himmat Pancholi, Biharilal Shah and Krishna Rawal. There were 56 people in the bus.The injured were rushed to civil hospital in Morbi and three, who were seriously injured, where taken to civil hospital in Rajkot. Those shifted to Rajkot were identified as Sushila Gandhi, Dinkar Panchal and Usha Basanti. One of the co-travelers, Pranav Tokiya, filed a complaint against bus driver Asaraf Vora with Morbi taluka police station. Driver reportedly told the police that he tried to evade a nilgai (blue bull), which was crossing the road, and lost control over the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "khunti ( jharkhand )", "code": "17719371", "title": "Five lynched in Jharkhand", "text": "KHUNTI ( JHARKHAND ): Five youths, who were suspected of being involved in extortion, were on Saturday lynched at Manhu village of the district, police said.A group of villagers caught the five around 10 am and killed them with sharp weapons and stones, superintendent of police Amarnath Mishra told reporters here.All the bodies were recovered, he said, adding, the police were trying to establish their identity and background.The police have launched raids to nab the killers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714489", "title": "Hooch tragedy: Rights body takes on govt", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) has asked the state government to review its decision on not initiating disciplinary action against excise commissioner Deb Kumar Chakraborty vis-a-vis the hooch tragedy that claimed 172 lives last year.The government seems to have set a trend in ignoring recommendations of the state human rights commission led by retired Supreme Court judge Asok Kumar Ganguly. Of 27 recommendations made by the WBHRC in last six months, the government has responded to only four, of which it has rejected three and accepted just one. WBHRC is yet to receive a response from the government on its recommendations regarding the arrest of JU professor Ambikesh Mahapatra in relation to the cartoon row.Sources said the commission convened a meeting on the government's perpetual rejection of recommendations. With Wednesday's order, it was clear that the commission wasn't taking things lightly.The WBHRC has observed that it was clear that there have been lapses on the part of Chakraborty, who was the excise commissioner at the time of Bengal's biggest illicit liquor tragedy in which 172 people had died and 200 were affected. Therefore, the commission has requested the government to reconsider its decision in order \"to restore people's faith in the rule of law\", Sujoy Kumar Haldar, joint secretary, WBHRC, said.The commission on July 18 recommended proceedings against Chakraborty after taking suo motu cognisance of the deaths at Sangrampur and adjoining villages of the Diamond Harbour sub-division. It sought a report from the state government and subsequently a full bench hearing headed by Justice (retd) Ganguly was held.On October 19, the state government wrote to the commission that it was not following the recommendations against the excise commissioner since there has been no individual lapse on his part. In response to the government's decision, the commission has referred to Para 10 of its own recommendation where Chakraborty's statements have been recorded. In his own admission, the excise commissioner's lapses are clear, observed the rights panel, since he had conceded that a tragedy of such enormity could not have happened without the connivance between the local police and illegal liquor traders.The excise commissioner had also admitted before the WBHRC that he could not take any substantial action against all these people involved in the unholy nexus. The commission, therefore, had observed that although aware of the involvement of the local excise officials, action taken against them was insufficient.With regard to the arrest of J U professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, the rights panel recommended that the state pay a compensation of Rs 50,000 to Mahapatra and take disciplinary action against the police officer who arrested the professor.The yawning gap between the WBHRC and the Bengal government widened further when the chief minister stayed away from a programme organised by the commission to commemorate international human rights day at Calcutta high court on December 10. Ironically, Mamata who was instrumental in appointing Justice (retd) Ganguly as the rights panel head, months after coming to power.The Mamata Banerjee government had announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of the victims of the tragedy, but Calcutta High Court had stayed the payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17718778", "title": "Newborn girl found abandoned near Navsari", "text": "SURAT: A newborn girl was found abandoned near Telanda village, some 12 km from Navsari town on Thursdady.Villagers informed police about the baby girl left in the bushes on Dholapipla-Telanda Road. She was taken to Navsari Civil Hospital for treatment.Pradip More, police official of Vesma outpost said, \"The family of the baby does not seem to be financially weak. There were some clothes, medicines and also a small cradle near the spot.\"Hospital sources said that that baby is in good health and will be normal in a couple of days. She is suspected to born about four days ago.\"We are investigating the case and have found some clues. According to the records of Civil Hospital of Navsari, a mother had given birth to a child at 10 am on Thursday and she was discharged by noon,\" said More.Police are also looking for a possible new home for the baby girl. \"If we don't find her parents, we will start the adoption procedure. There are many parents who will be willing to adopt this cute baby,\" More said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17718722", "title": "Cold conditions prevail in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cold conditions prevailed in many parts of Punjab and Haryana where night temperatures continued to drop.Narnaul was the coldest place in Haryana at 3.5 deg C which was three degrees below normal, the MeT office said. Night temperature in the town on Friday was 6.5 deg C.Ludhiana at 5.8 deg C was coldest place in Punjab. Chandigarh recorded a night temperature of 6.9 deg C. The airport observatory on the outskirts of the Union Territory recorded a low of 4.1 deg C which was three degrees below normal.The minimum temperatures were below normal at most places in Haryana, including Ambala, Bhiwani and Hisar. The MeT office has forecast a mainly clear sky in the region during the coming 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717494", "title": "Mistletoe and merriment to celebrate the season", "text": "The chill in the air is just right for donning those hep winter clothes, and celebrating with some yummy food.In sync with the Yuletide spirit, Fortune Select Loudon has come up with an array of festive menus. Zodiac, their 24-hour coffee shop is hosting Santa at Zodiac and Brunch with Santa themed buffets. Also, don't miss the Shahi Daawat at the Poolside, where even kids will have a fun time for sure.Guests can indulge in an assortment of salads, sushi and cheese bars, roasted turkey and hams, roasted lamb leg and a sweet collection of Christmas desserts and fruit. So go ahead and make the most of the romance in the air with culinary delights from the master chefs of the outlets. Christmas Eve Dinner will be available on December 24 from 7.30 pm to midnight. Pocket Pinch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d For Adults 999 and for Kids 699 plus taxes.The poolside brunch will be available on December 25, from noon to 4 pm. Pocket Pinch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d For Adults 1199 and for kids 799 plus taxes.Poolside dinner will be available from December 21 to 31 (Except Christmas, December 26 and 27). Pocket Pinch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d For Adults 1099 and for kids 799The New Year Eve dinner will be available at Zodiac on December 31 from 7.30 pm to midnight. Pocket Pinch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d For Adults 999 and for Kids 699 plus taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17713935", "title": "Aditya Tare keen to twinkle for Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Every Mumbai cricketer takes a lot of pride in wearing the lion's crest on his cap. Aditya Tare is no different. He has represented Mumbai across various age-groups before realising his dream of playing the Ranji Trophy in 2009.In a rain-affected match against Odisha - where he was selected as batsman - Tare never got a chance to show his batting skills. His next chance came three years later. In between, he played for Mumbai Indians and shared the dressing room with greats like Sachin Tendulkar , but somehow this 25-year-old couldn't feel complete as a cricketer.Tare was missing the longer format. Finally, he got the chance this season and he has made the most of it. Although he has done well both as batsman and keeper (517 runs @ 57.44, 21 catches and one stumping), Tare isn't satisfied. He wants to see Mumbai in the knock-outs. He scored a magnificent, unbeaten 222 against Saurashtra in the last match at Rajkot. However, personal performances matter little to him.\"I wasn't nervous before the Saurashtra game, but after I came back unbeaten on 120, I felt a touch nervous. For us in Mumbai, small hundreds don't matter. I couldn't sleep well. I was determined to make it big. Still, I would have been more satisfied, had that knock come on a challenging wicket. Though I have done well personally, I want to be a part of the Ranji Trophy winning team. At the moment, we are looking forward to the last two matches,\" Tare told TOI on Friday.Unlike some other teams, Mumbai always believe in having specialists. Wicket-keeping is one area, which has always been important for them and that's one of the reasons Sulakshan Kulkarni was preferred over Samir Dighe.Vinayak Samant did a great job behind the wickets for Mumbai, although he wasn't prolific with the bat. The things, however, have starting to change now with aggressive Tare\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho is a better batsman than a keeper\u00e2\u20ac\u201dat their disposal.\"I wasn't a natural wicketkeeper. When I started, I was more of a batsman who could keep. Sulu (Sulakshan Kulkarni) Sir helped me during Under-19 days and when I joined Mumbai Indians, (Kiran) More sir was a great help. Now, again having Sullu sir is great help and for the last one year or so, I am enjoying my keeping wickets,\" he said.Though he has always preferred longer format, IPL helped Tare a lot. He feels IPL isn't just about twenty overs, it's beyond that. \"You learn a lot in company of international players. How they practice; how they prepare for match; how they react to different situation. If it wasn't for IPL, I wouldn't have got the chance to play with Sachin Tendulkar,\" he said.Having played against top bowlers and doing well, Tare has shown he could hit. Now, he is showing he can bat and bat for longer periods. His role will be crucial for Mumbai in the next two matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713420", "title": "India to ink Rs 25,000 crore Sukhoi and helicopter deals with Russia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will soon ink defence deals worth around Rs 25,000 crore with Russia, including two mega ones for 42 more Sukhoi-30MKI fighters and 59 additional Mi-17 V5 armed helicopters.This will reassert Russia's position as India's largest arms supplier despite Israel, France and US now snapping at its heels. But the expected inking of the final design contract for the joint development of a futuristic stealth fifth-generation fighter will not take place during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit here on Monday since it is yet to be fully ironed out, sources said.This R&D; contract is pegged at $11 billion, with India and Russia supposed to chip in with $5.5 billion each. Each 5th Gen fighter - IAF hopes to induct around 200 of them from 2022 onwards - will cost at least $100 million extra. Consequently, as first reported by TOI earlier, India will eventually spend around $35 billion on this gigantic project.During the meet with Putin, India will seek Russia's firm assurance that INS Vikramaditya, the refurbished 44,570-tonne Admiral Gorshkov for which $2.33 billion has been paid, is not delayed beyond the re-revised November 2013 delivery deadline.New Delhi had earlier also planned to raise the \"technical problems\" being faced by its solitary nuclear-powered submarine INS Chakra, the Akula-II attack submarine leased from Russia for 10 years at a cost of around $1 billion. \"But Moscow has assured the problem will be fixed soon,\" said a source.The 42 new Sukhois, to be produced under licence by defence PSU Hindustan Aeronautics, will add to the 230 Sukhois earlier contracted from Russia. Having inducted over 170 Sukhois till now, IAF is now progressively basing these \"air dominance\" fighters both on the western and eastern fronts with Pakistan and China. Overall, the price tag for the 272 Sukhois - three have crashed since induction - stands over $12 billion.The medium-lift Mi-17 V5 helicopters (59 for IAF and 12 for home ministry/BSF), in turn, will add to the 80 such choppers already being inducted under a $1.34 billion deal inked in 2008.While India has no plans to acquire more than 272 Sukhois, it has an upgrade plan to convert a bulk of them into 'Super Sukhois' in the years ahead with more advanced avionics, weapons and AESA (active electronically scanned array) radars. \"Earlier, the plan was to upgrade 80 of them into 'Super Sukhois' at the cost of around Rs 10,900 crore. Now, the plan is being re-drawn,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17713921", "title": "Amanishah: High court deadline ends, Jaipur Development Authority holds talks with house owners", "text": "JAIPUR: As the four-week high court deadline ended on Friday, teams of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) reached Amanishah Nullah to hold talks with affected owners.After the state government submitted a time-bound action plan, the high court directed it to start removing the encroachment after four weeks and submit a compliance report every 15 days.Officials tried to convince owners to vacate their houses situated in the catchment area of the nullah. The demolition of houses, they said, will begin Monday onwards.Teams reached Zone 5 comprising Jaganath Puri and Surya Nagar area, where encroachers filled up the consent form to vacant their houses.In Surya Nagar, seven house owners agreed to fill up the form, while in Jagannath Puri 17 owners came forward. \"There are 26 houses falling in the catchment area , however, nine owners were found to be at home today ,\" an official said.Sources claimed that about 250 to 300 houses in the JDA region of the catchment area have been excluded as per the new centerline. \"In the JDA region, nearly 571 houses are constructed in the catchment area of the nullah. After the recent HC order, at least 300 of these houses have been saved from demolition as some free land is available in the flow area,\" a source said.\"To provide relief to the house owners, we have not marked some houses as encroachment as land is available in the flow area to make the nullah wide,\" the official said.According to reports, JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in Zone-8, Aachrawala village in Zone-11 and Mundiya Purohitan village in Zone-12. An official said 30-square-metre plots will be allotted to BPL families and 50 square metre plots to APL families. After a JDA survey, the eligible families will have to formally apply for rehabilitation.As per court directions, all encroachments in Amanishah Nullah, a dry river bed zigzagging through the city, will have to go by May 2013. The court set a six-month deadline, though the state government had requested for nine months to complete the \"unpopular task\" that would now have to be completed in the election year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17712923", "title": "Women advocates in Coimbatore protest gang rape in Delhi", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 20 members of Coimbatore women advocates association staged a demonstration in front of the court main gate on Arts College road in the city on Friday, condemning the gang rape of a 23-year-girl in Delhi.The protest was led by the association president, R Thenmozhi. \"The women community is being a victim in the society for sexual abuse. The victims should get proper rehabilitation and the accused should be punished severely,\" she voiced during the protest. The women lawyers raised slogans and demanded a special law to control the rape cases.The association has passed a resolution on Friday. The resolution said, while the women are progressing in every sector, our society is failing to provide them with security. A special law should be implemented in the country to control the rape cases and the act should give capital punishment to the rapists, said the resolution. The people who indulge in crime against women and children also should be punished severely, added the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714033", "title": "Teens held for molestation in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two incidents of commuter harassment were reported from different parts of the city. However, swift action by cops, on an alert since the south Delhi gang rape, led to arrests in both the cases.In the first incident, a 24-year-old woman was allegedly molested when she was looking for a cycle-rickshaw outside the Uttam Nagar East Metro station around 11pm on Thursday. Two teenagers accosted the woman, who works at a private company in Noida, cops said. They passed lewd comments and even tried to drag the woman inside a public toilet near the Uttam Nagar bus terminal when she reacted, added cops. Hearing the woman's cries, a cop rushed to the spot. The accused tried to flee but the cop nabbed them after a brief chase. Police said the accused were in the age group of 15-17. Cops have initiated proceedings under the Juvenile Justice Act and will produce them before a juvenile justice board.Elsewhere, one Yunis, from Bhajanpura area, northeast Delhi, had boarded an AC, low-floor DTC bus on route 33 from Noida around 10pm on Thursday. At the Surya Nagar traffic light, in the Vivek Vihar police station area, pickpockets tried to decamp with his wallet and cellphone, but he got hold of one of them. Five aides of the robber struck at the victim with sharp objects. Yunis pursued the robbers when constable Ramesh at a nearby PCR joined him. The accused thrashed the cop with rods but he held onto two of them. A hunt is on for the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717763", "title": "Miller's embarrassment over crotchless undies", "text": "Sienna Miller said that she was given a pair of crotchless knickers by her godmother during one Christmas.\"My poor godmother was trying to be current and went to Agent Provocateur and bought me some really nice lace underwear that looked relatively prim. I was thrilled to open up this gorgeous underwear, because girls love getting nice underwear,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying on the Jonathan Ross Christmas Special.\"Then I held the knickers up and realised they were crotchless.\"She didn't realise and she was horrified. There was this moment of kind of 'thank you so much',\" she said.It seems like the saucy present didn't go to waste though, as Miller and boyfriend Tom Sturridge made use of the inadequate gusset.\"And then I got pregnant, so there we go,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714052", "title": "15-bed neo-natal intensive care unit comes up in JK Lon hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: A 15-bed neo-natal intensive care unit (ICU) with facilities for ventilators will be inaugurated at the JK Lon hospital on Saturday.Ten other facilities would also be opened for patients and their attendants at the hospital. Among them is a blood supply centre.\"Earlier, attendants had to rush to SMS hospital to get blood for their patients undergoing treatment in the JK Lon hospital. Now, we have opened our own blood supply centre which would be inaugurated by chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Saturday,\" JK Lon hospital superintendent Dr S D Sharma said.Dr Sharma said the new 11 facilities have been developed with the help of MPLAD funds and also with the funds provided by donors and the state government. Around Rs 4 crore was spent on developing the new facilities.The new blood supply centre at the hospital will prevent the attendants rushing to other hospitals for procuring blood. JK Lon hospital will provide blood to the patients but it would not work as full-fledged blood bank. The hospital has plans to open a proper blood bank but it requires various kind of clearances and there are norms to be followed, hence the plans has not materialized yet, the hospital administration said.JK Lon hospital, which is the state's biggest government in child specialty centre, has undergone a large-scale modernization. The chief minister will also inaugurate an air cooling facility which would be affective in area of 42,000 square feet. The hospital has also provided air conditioners in 4,500 square feet area, which includes ICUs. The air cooling and air conditioning facilities cost Rs 1.31 crore.Dr Sharma said the hospital will now have all the modern equipment at its neo-natal ICUs. The hospital is a 528-bed hospital and the out-patient department caters to the need of 1000-1200 patients daily from different parts of the state. The neo-natal ICU was an urgent requirement as the hospital is managing with existing resources to take care of serious patients, he said.The other facilities that were developed are a newly constructed porch, a patient attendant shed, a canteen, doctors' duty rooms, classrooms and a library for medical students, an auditorium, a parking and a 250 KVA automatic DG set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17714565", "title": "Teen kidnapped at gunpoint, gang-raped", "text": "MALDA: A 14-year-old girl was kidnapped at gunpoint on the way back from school and gangraped all night on Thursday. Although she identified the rapist as a local college student, police had not managed to trace him till late Friday night.This is the latest in a series of horrific rapes that have shocked Malda. In August, two teenaged girls were brutally raped to death. Nether of the crimes was solved. And in September, a mentally deranged teen was raped. Again, there were no arrests.Thursday's rape has incensed local residents, who fear for their safety. Congress MLA Sabina Yeasmin slammed the state government, saying that the police in Bengal are afraid of taking any action ever since they saw what happened to Damayanti Sen (the former detective chief of Kolkata who was shunted as DIG-training soon after cracking the horrific Park Street rape).Minister in charge of women and social welfare Sabitri Mitra, however, said the prime accused was the \"son of a CPM man\" and she had asked the police to arrest him immediately.The victim, a Class IX student, was on her way back from school on Thursday afternoon when a gang in a taxi blocked her way near a football ground in Baliadanga near Kaliachak. They taunted her and offered her a lift but she refused and tried to get away. Furious at being rebuffed, one of the men pulled out a gun and forced her to get into the taxi, says the complaint. She was gagged and tied up and taken to a local hotel, where she was raped all night. There were at least three-four men and she could identify two of them before she fell unconscious, she has told police.She identified the prime accused as Kalam Sk, a student of Kaliachak College. On Friday morning, the gang dumped her at Baliadanga crossing, from where she staggered to her aunt's home (her mother had not reported her missing because she was supposed to stay the night with her aunt), said the victim's teacher Hafijur Rahman.When the girl's teachers and some local residents learnt of the rape, they rushed to Kaliachak police station to lodge a complaint against Kalam and his associates. They demanded exemplary punishment for the rapists. When TOI got in touch with her mother, she was inconsolable. \"Doesn't a girl have the right to move about on her own?\" she asked.The police are conducting raids for the suspects but are yet to trace ay of them. \"We have sent the girl for medical examination and hope to arrest the culprits soon,\" said SP Jayanta Pal.MLA Sabina Yeasmin reacted sharply to the rape: \"What kind of society do we live in? How do the miscreants gather such strength? Since the fate of Damayanti Sen, policemen are afraid to take any step. But if the culprits are not arrested and given exemplary punishment for this brutal crime, we'll launch a wider agitation. The people might take the law in their own hands.\"Minister for women and social welfare, Sabitri Mitra, said: \"It is a heinous crime. I've heard that the son of a CPM leader was involved with this. I've asked the SP to take stern action.\"The rape has shocked and scared the local populace. Schoolteacher Aditi Chattopadhyay said: \"Does the government wake up only when there are barbaric rapes in Delhi? What will happen to the millions of girls who face the same plight in the remote corners of the country? I'm really worried for my students.\" Ruksana Biwi, a homemaker in Kaliachak, is alarmed by the rise in crime in Malda. \"Girls are no longer safe here,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718251", "title": "Win some, lose some", "text": "VADODARA: The adage, nothing succeeds like success and there are no friends in defeat, was visible amply outside the city's counting centre at MSU's faculty of commerce in Sayajigunj here.At 9 am, the road wore a deserted look, barring a large number of red-beacon vehicles parked outside the counting centre. Around 12 noon, when the Karjan constituency became the first one to post a result, showing BJP's win, the air had already become festive outside BJP office, with workers bursting crackers, and crazily waving party flags.Karjan's defeated candidate from Congress, Akshay Patel, came out quietly from the main door accompanied by four supporters and stood outside replying to media queries even as some Congress supporters of another candidate waiting outside did not register his presence. \"Mine was a predominantly rural constituency where people were not aware of which button to press on the EVMs,\" he said by way of explanation for his defeat.No sooner had he walked out, the victorious candidate Satish Patel emerged and was immediately plucked up by the huge crowd of supporters who carried him around on their shoulders, covering him with garlands of flowers. Across the road, BJP workers stood on the roadside, creating human waves, a la cricket stadium scenes, waving party flags and screaming with delight.When BJP's Gulsinh Rathwa quietly came out conceding defeat to Mohansinh Rathwa in Chhota Udepur constituency even though the counting for the final round was still proceeding, he was accompanied by just one supporter. \"The narrow margin of 2,200 votes (for his defeat) was the result of inclusion of new areas in my constituency after delimitation,\" he stated.Meanwhile, Siddharth Patel, Congress candidate and son of late Chimanbhai Patel, who was defending his seat in the family's pocket borough of Dabhoi, lost with a margin of nearly 5,122 votes to BJP's Balkrishna Patel. , was the second richest candidate in these elections. This was a fact which his rival and BJP's successful candidate Balkrishna Patel didn't fail to rub in when registering his resounding win over the Congress heavyweight, \"Paise se election nahin jeeta jaata,\" (Money can't win you elections), he told media persons soon after the win.before slipping out of a side exit, instead of facing BJP supporters who were going hoarse raising slogans as news of party's victory on other seats came in steadily.When another successful Congress candidate, Dhirubhai Bhil emerged from the counting centre after posting victory in Sankheda constituency, he was welcomed by a joyful group of supporters, carrying Congress scarves around their necks. Across the road, BJP supporters continued their sloganeering so Dhirubhai's supporters carried out their party leader at the nearest bus shelter, raising slogans and garlanding him. \"My hat-trick is a proof that people have supported me wholeheartedly even though, this time, my constituency was changed from Naswadi to Sankheda,\" he told media persons. BJP's defeated candidate, Abhesinh Tadvi was fuming, \"Internal fight in my party caused my defeat. I will report this to the party.\"In Padra, the contest was tight right from the beginning, but the two candidates - Dinesh Patel of BJP and Jaspal Thakor of Congress, did not make an appearance till it became clear that Dinesh had started leading by about 4,000 votes. A surprisingly uncomfortable looking Dinesh walked out to say, \"It's a vote for Modi Saheb. The constituency is a Congress stronghold otherwise.\" The frown turned to a broad smile as the former independent MLA was swept off his feet by BJP supporters outside and carried to the office on their shoulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17715151", "title": "Kiran faces Telangana-heat in Warangal", "text": "WARANGAL: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and a galaxy of state and central Congress leaders faced the ire of Telangana protagonists who threw eggs and pelted stones on the convoy that was headed to Warangal town to inaugurate the Kakatiya Festival on Friday afternoon.Apart from the CM, Union ministers Chiranjeevi and P Balaram Naik, Rajya Sabha MP Rapole Ananda Bhaskar, Warangal MP S Rajaiah, and ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Vatti Vasant Kumar and Basavaraj Saraiah were in an armored bus that was flanked by police escorts and security vehicles.When the convoy reached Nakkalagutta area of Hanamkonda town, TRS activists and advocates hurled eggs and stones on the convoy. One window pane of the armored bus got broken, eyewitnesses said. Kiran Kumar was on his way to inaugurate the APTDC Harita Hotel when the protesters who were hiding in the area suddenly started raining eggs and stones on the bus.The tussle between the protesters and police lasted for nearly half an hour before all of them were arrested and removed from the spot. During the scuffle between the police and TRS activists, a Kakatiya University student was injured and he was admitted to a private hospital. Earlier, at Bommakuru village, several students and women tried to obstruct the CM's speech but were whisked away by the cops.The incident happened despite heavy police bandobust for the CM's visit that included deployment of over 3,000 policemen. Getting such a reception in the district, the chief minister chose not to deliver any speech at the inauguration of the Kakatiya Festival. \"I declare the Kakatiya Festival open,\" was all what Kiran Kumar said and stepped down from the dais at Warangal fort.There was also a scuffle between scribes and police as reporters were not permitted into the Vidyuth Bhavan at Nakkalagutta area of Hanamkonda which the CM inaugurated. The scribes staged a dharna in front of Vidyuth Bhavan and also registered their protest at the Warangal fort during the inauguration of the Kakatiya Festival.This is the third visit of Kiran Kumar to Warangal district after becoming CM. He had faced similar protests when he toured Rayinigudem village of Mulug mandal as part of his racha banda programme on February 11, 2011. Again, in June 2012, he had toured the district for campaigning in the by-elections but faced T-heat at Gudeppahad village of Atmakur mandal during the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17708336", "title": "Done doing films for friends: Jimmy Shergill", "text": "Jimmy Shergill is in a good space these days. The Actor has a host of films lined up and has just finished shooting the first leg of Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja.But it's taken the actor a while to settle in Bollywood and choose the projects he likes. \"I remember Gulzar saab telling me when we were shooting for Maachis that the worst thing for an actor to do is sit idle. He told us too keep working. I've always tried to pick up the best of what ahs been offered to me. I never wanted to sit at home so I'd take up work. I'm done doing cameos, whether it's for friends or otherwise. Even they understand now and don't approach me for such roles. I've done films for friendship but now all that is over. I am now doing quality stuff and not random films. I'm happy with the way things are shaping up\", adds Jimmy.Jimmy's line up of films include Bullet Raja, Special Chabbis, Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster Returns, Four Two Ka One and his Punjabi film Rangeelay with Neha Dhupia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714057", "title": "6 years on, tourism policy still remains on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: Tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal is in a fix due to lethargy of key departments in his ministry.Most departments have failed to promulgate orders despite chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's instructions, hence the much-publicized six-year-old tourism policy has failed to take off.\"It's a disappointing situation. Despite Chavan's directive, not a single department has issued an order for implementation of the tourism policy in letter and spirit. Owing to lacklustre approach, Maharashtra is steadily lagging in tourism development,\" a bureaucrat told TOI on Thursday. In June, when Bhujbal brought it to Chavan's notice that the ambitious tourism policy declared in 2006 has failed to take off. On August 23, the CM convened a special meeting to take stock of the situation. Besides Bhujbal, the meeting was attended by deputy CM Ajit Pawar, tourism corporation managing director Jagdish Patil and more than a dozen bureaucrats associated with the policy's implementation. One of the issues discussed at the meeting was the construction of a 'Paryatan Bhavan' in Mumbai. As part of the national policy to boost tourism, the Centre had given a special grant of Rs 23 crore to the state government for the bhavan's construction. \" We have identified areas in the city for the site, but so far no decision has been taken. Maharashtra is the only state where there is no tourism bhavan,\" the bureaucrat added.\"Over 20 states have knocked at the doors of the CM and chief secretary for a table space for setting up their tourism offices in Mumbai,\" he said.\"We have Rs 50 crore %and can secure another %Rs 50 crore as contribution from these states and %construct the best tourism bhavan, but there appears to be lack of will at all %levels,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17719466", "title": "All set for India, England ODI at Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: All arrangements are falling into place for staging the second ODI match between India and England on January 15, 2013 at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium here, according to a Kerala Cricket Association (KCA) official.Three pitches had been laid for the match, KCA sectretary TC Mathew said.\"One is made out of Hyderabad clay, the second one using red soil clay and the third one using clay sourced from near here at Vaikom. All the arrangements are almost complete and this time the sub-soil drainage system in the ground is also perfect,\" Mathew added.This is the only cricket stadium in the state to host international matches and the last one against Australia was washed out in October 2010.The upcoming match is just the eighth international ODI to be played here in the last 14 years.\"The stadium has a seating capacity of 55,000 and ticket sales will start from Jan 3. We expect a full house including lot of British tourist as the state's peak tourist season has just begun,\" said Mathew.The day-night match will commence at 12 noon, two hours ahead of the normal start because of the dew factor.All eyes will be on local lad and Indian pacer S.Sreesanth if he can make it to the Indian team after a long layoff.\"I watched him today morning taking three wickets in the Ranji match against Jharkhand and he is bowling extremely well. If he makes it to the Indian team, then rest assured the Kochi match would be fun to watch,\" said RKV Gopakumar, chairman of selectors of the Kerala Ranji team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715045", "title": "Steady stream of rape, abuse victims at Sassoon hospital", "text": "PUNE: The psychiatry department of state-run Sassoon Hospital gets an average of 10 rape victims each month from both urban and rural parts of Pune district. A disturbing 50% of these victims are under-18. In addition, the department gets at least one case of child abuse every month.Counsellors here say they have seen a steady rise in the number of rape case victims visiting the department for counseling and to deal with post-traumatic stress. They note that there is a strong need for sex education at an early age, given the number of cases they get of minors and children.\"Between August and December till date, we have counselled 50 victims of rape. That means an average 10 cases were received each month during this period,\" said senior psychiatrist Alka Pawar, professor and head, department of psychiatry and director of Maharashtra Institute of Mental Health (MIMH). Pawar says that most victims are in a state of shock and scared. They suffer from sleep disorders and increased heart rate or palpitation.Counsellors and psychologists at the department counsel rape victims and provide them moral and psychological support. \"The reason there are more cases of girls under 18 is due to lack of sex education through proper channel (parents and teachers), easy availability of pornographic literature and even games that have led to viewing sex as a way of instant gratification with women depicted as mere sex objects,\" Pawar said.Some of the under-18 cases that the department gets are those of 'statutory rape', a legal term for a minor consenting to sex. Because this kind of sexual behavior is defined by law as rape (sexual assault) it is commonly known as 'statutory rape'.All the cases are first admitted to the gynaecology department and then referred to the psychiatry department for evaluation. It is mandatory for the police to take the victims to the psychiatry department for counseling, as part of the process to register the case. Nevertheless, counsellors here note that long drawn legal procedures and insensitive handling of the victim add to their feeling of being victimized.\"Most of the victims usually go through acute stress reaction with predominant anxiety symptoms. They are worried about the legal ramification and are not in a state of mind to think of long term consequences of the event. All the victims and family members are counseled and some are prescribed short term anti-anxiety medicines. All of them are advised for follow up sessions but usually none of them come for follow up,\" Pawar said.The department also sees child abuse cases every month. \"We get at least one case a month where the average of victim is below 10 years. Gullible parents who leave their children trusting others lead to a rise in such cases. Hence, it is essential to start sex education early in school children which will decrease sexual abuse in future,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717823", "title": "Bollywood denizens join hands for anti-suicide initiative", "text": "Celebrities endorsing social causes is not unusual. But a group of high-profile Bollywood denizens getting together for an anti-suicide initiative in far-away Jamshedpur a, city which, believe it or not, is the country's suicide capital certainly qualifies as exceptional.Last week Randeep Hooda, Imtiaz Ali, Mahesh Bhupati, Rahul Bose, filmmaker Nishikant Kamath (who last year acted in anti-suicide film 404 ) flew to Jameshdpur to talk to the local students and parents on why the suicide rate in the city is alarmingly high and to attempt to find solution to the baffling rampancy of suicide casualties in the city.Many other Bollywood celebrities have taken an interest in the issue and have agreed to join hands with filmmaker Prawal Rawan who initiated the campaign.Prawal says, \"Last year I was intrigued when a group of school students in Jamshedpur got together to make a 45-minute film on suicide cases. Why would school kids be concerned with a grim subject like suicide? It was then that I discovered that Jamshedpur has the highest number of suicides in India. The suicide rate in this city is 21 percent as compared with the national suicide rate of 6 percent.\"Prawal then initiated an anti-suicide campaign among the film fraternity. The response, he says, is tremendous. \"I was simply bowled over by Imtiaz, Randeep, Tisca Arora and others who set aside their busy schedules to make time for an issue that ought to concern all of us.\"Randeep Hooda re-adjusted his shooting dates for Rensil d'Silva's Unglee in Mumbai to be present in Jamshedpur. He spoke against suicide on 10 December and Rahul Bose on 14 December. The response was overwhelming. Randeep told the kids he had flunked Class 12. He said he fought back the defeat. He told the kids to fight, not turn into cry-baby losers. Randeep said, 'Don't accept defeat. Fight back adversities. Failure is a myth.Every experience is a just fodder for the future. Suicide doesn't the problem, It ends you.'Says Prawaal, \"Rahul spoke about the co-relation between success and happiness and how parents and teachers need to work together to make the young understand that failure is not a reason to lose hope. The kids listened to Randeep, Rahul and Imtiaz. They have a face and voice. And they used it to convince children in Jamshedpur not to end their lives out of dejection.\"Blessedly this was not a just a one-off visit for the lenses. Randeep, Imtiaz, Prawaal and the rest of the anti-suicide group from Bollywood are now initiating preventive measures to counter the steep suicide rate in Jamshedpur.\"Within the next few months all of plan to take substantial steps to remedy the malaise.\" Informs Prawaal who has directed the anti-suicide film 404.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17714374", "title": "Process to appoint Magadh University principals set in motion again", "text": "GAYA: The somewhat jinxed process of appointment of 12 principals in different constituent colleges of Magadh University (MU) began in the varsity headquarters at Bodh Gaya on Friday.The appointment process has got the jinxed tag on account of the controversy surrounding the appointments and several postponements of the interview process. Officiating MU VC Arun Kumar presides over the selection committee constituted to assess the worth of nearly 400 aspirants to the post from different parts within and outside the state.The interview, earlier scheduled for December 12, 2012 was postponed at the eleventh hour following the Patna High Court verdict quashing the appointment of six VCs of the state including MU officiating VC on the ground that the appointments were made without the consultation of the state government, a mandatory requirement in accordance with the Bihar Universities Act, 1976, as amended till date.Questioning the legality of the appointment process, university affairs expert and former member of the MU Selection Committee and the Bihar Public Service Commission Shiv Jatan Thakur on Friday said the process being followed by the MU for the appointment of principals was not in conformity with the law as well as the convention.Thakur questioned the interview process on three different counts. Firstly, according to Thakur, there was no regular vice chancellor in the university and stop-gap VCs can only transact routine business of the university and not take crucial decisions like wholesale appointment of principals.Secondly, according to Thakur, appointments are being made in violation of section 12 of the Bihar Reservation Act, 1992.As per the reservation rules in vogue, three of the 12 posts, in accordance with roster points 68-79 should have been reserved for SC candidates and another two posts for MBC candidates.The reservation formula has not been followed in its totality and the posts meant for SC and MBC candidates are being given to BC candidates, said Thakur. Violation of Reservation Act was a cognizable offence, said Thakur.The third ground on which the former member of the MU Selection Committee has questioned the controversial appointments pertains to the blanket ban imposed by the state government on all university appointments till the implementation of the rationalization process notified by the government.He has already lodged a complaint with chief minister Nitish Kumar listing his objections to the appointment process. Thakur requested the CM to make effective intervention to ensure that the university law and reservation rules were followed in letter as well as in spirit.Attempts to contact MU officiating VC Arun Kumar for his response to Thakur's objections proved futile, as, according to a VC aide, Kumar was busy with the interview board proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713144", "title": "Cops seek to allay women's fears, invite complaints", "text": "MUMBAI: While women have expressed their wariness about approaching the police, often even saying they have no confidence in the cops, Mumbai police chief Satyapal Singh has said his department is working to encourage women to come forward with complaints, especially with regard to crimes against women. Local police have been warned about behaving insensitively towards women complainants and not taking their complaints seriously.Singh told TOI, \"We are encouraging women to come forward and report all incidents. The move might result in a sudden increase in statistics that deal with crimes against women, but my only concern is that all these incidents should be brought to our notice so we can act against the culprits.\"Singh said, \"We have adopted various steps to curb such crimes.\" Officers of the rank of deputy commissioner of police will personally supervise cases dealing with crimes against women to ensure they are handled with more sensitivity.Senior officers said cases of molestation are under-reported because victims want to avoid legal complications. The local police's approach towards victims has also been discouraging. Local police have been warned that they will face action if they turn away women victims. Interestingly, Singh told TOI on Thursday that if women are wary about becoming filing an FIR, he has asked his men to step in and be the complainant.Complaint boxes will be kept outside educational institutions and a special team from police HQ will collect these complaints, analyze them and forward them to the local police.The government last year announced that every police stations should have an anti-sexual harassment squad. However, due to inadequate staff and bandobast duties, the plan hasn't taken off. In a recent meeting, police stations have been told to activate the squads.KNOW YOUR RIGHTSWomen can report sexual harassment on the Mumbai police helpline number 103Students can drop written complaints, even anonymous ones, in drop boxes placed outside educational institutionsWomen can approach the local police to report incidents. If the local police refuse to entertain the complainant, she can approach the senior officersEven if the woman doesn't want to register an FIR, she can approach the police so they can identify the miscreants and take action. On Thursday, police chief Satyapal Singh said that if women were wary of becoming complainants, he has asked his officers to be complainantsThe victim can approach the police commissioner or senior officers, who meet the public at local police stations every Saturday from 9.30am to 11.30amDetails about visiting senior policemen and other initiatives can be found at", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719553", "title": "'Dabangg 2' collects Rs 21.10 crore on opening day, sets new record", "text": "Actor Salman Khan's eagerly awaited sequel Dabangg 2 has done it again and is all set to create history and set new benchmarks this year!!Dabangg 2 opened to packed houses everywhere in the country and has received an overwhelming and unimaginable response at the Indian Box Office!.\"The collection is the highest for a non-holiday release. Ek Tha Tiger 's collection was Rs 33 crore. The collections were high because it was an EID release and the best period for a Salman Khan film,\" says a trade punditDabangg 2 team collected Rs. 21.10 crore net all India on the first day and is expected to touch Rs 80 crore mark for the first weekend. The second highest non-holiday release was Rowdy Rathore, which collected Rs 15 crore on the opening day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17717843", "title": "Nautanki Saala", "text": "CreditsDirector: Rohan Sippy Cast: Ayushmann Khurrana, Kunaal Roy Kapur Producer: Ramesh Sippy, Bhushan Kumar Banner: T-Series, Ramesh Sippy Entertainment Writer: Nipun Dharmadhikari Cinematographer: Manoj Lobo Screenplay: Nipun Dharmadhikari Dialogues: Charudutt Acharya Sound Design: Manas Choudhary Styling: Shyamli Arora Art: Sukant Panigrahy Executive Producer: Garima Mehta Lyrics: Kausar Munir Music: Mikey McCleary Release Date: April 12, 2013SynopsisHappy with the way, his film has shaped up and the music which is a combination of the eclectic with massy, producer Bhushan Kumar has decided to give his film an 8 week long promotional platform. Nautanki Saala has been finalized for April 12th 2013.Nautanki Saala, a buddy comedy, is directed by Rohan Sippy. The film stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Kunaal Roy Kapur. The film is produced by Ramesh Sippy &amp; Bhushan Kumar, under the Banner T-Series &amp; Ramesh Sippy Entertainment .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hamirpur", "code": "17715522", "title": "Post results, e-battle is still on", "text": "HAMIRPUR: The ballot battle is over with Congress comfortably trouncing BJP in the Assembly polls, but the e-battle through social networking sites and with the help of new media is still on. Different political leaders are using these media to gain mileage over their rivals and to reach out to the masses even after declaration of results.If on one side senior Congress leader and former chief minister Virbhadra Singh is citing corruption as the reason behind the debacle of BJP, then on the other side Anurag Thakur is expressing determination to bounce back strongly.After the poll results were officially announced, Anurag, the youth leader of Himachal BJP and son of chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , tweeted on late Thursday, \"Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat, accept it and rise again. That is the greatest victory.\"Anurag, who is also a member of parliament, also tweeted, \"Respect the verdict of people, the BJP was elected to serve them and their decision remains supreme.\"When contacted, Anurag, who is all set to introspect and look for the reasons that lead defeat and to work again to reconstruct the party grounds, told TOI on Friday, \"We respect the mandate. But we have a long journey ahead and one defeat is not enough to break our determination. We have already started working to find out the areas where we went wrong. We would again come as the biggest political party in Himachal Pradesh soon.\"Former chief minister Virbhadra Singh's son Vikramaditya Singh has posted on his Facebook wall, \"Victory is ours, thank you Himachal.\" Congress had on Thursday bounced back in the state's 68-member assembly with 36 seats. Whereas ruling party BJP had to be content with only 26 seats.Not only young leaders, even older ones such as Vidya Stokes, 84, and Virbhadra Singh are also effectively using social networking sites to reach out to the masses after the poll results are announced. Stokes is the oldest winning candidate to win polls for the eighth time.CYBER TALKAnurag saysIrrespective of the outcome, our dreams for the state and commitment towards the HP people remain firm. Together we will continue on that roadWish to thank every BJP team members and supporters across Himachal Pradesh, salute your spirit and hard work, our journey continues!Vikramaditya saysTime to set new goals; to serve all sections of society in all corners of the stateVidya Stokes says'This was probably my last election. I am grateful to the people for reposing faith in meHimachali janta ke pyar, sneh or vishwas ke lie the dil se dhanyavadVirbhadra Singh saysThis is a victory of the people, who had resolved to defeat the BJP much before the elections were announced. Its mal-administration, corruption and non-fulfilment of poll promises are major reasons of its defeatI have done my duty which was assigned to me by Smt Sonia Gandhi; that was to fight the election and bring the party back to powerI thank and congratulate the people of Himachal Pradesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715337", "title": "Thieves strike Panaji clothing showroom", "text": "PANAJI: A clothing and lifestyle accessories showroom in Panaji was burgled on Friday night.Allison D'Souza, manager of the showroom, located on MG Road in Panaji lodged a complaint stating that between 9.20pm on December 19 and 9.20am the following morning, unknown culprits broke into the showroom by removing the locks of the main shutter. They broke open the cash counter and stole cash of 1.6 lakh.Fourteen watches from the watch counter worth 69,585 were also stolen. The total value of the stolen items was 1,75,585. A case has been registered and PSI Vijay Chodankar is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17713870", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Desperate times for Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Mumbai's ground fielding has been touch shoddy and inadequate in support of their bowlers this season. Apart from playing a couple of games on unresponsive wickets, there have been several cases of dropped catches. Mumbai coach Sulakshan Kulkarni, who seemed buoyed by the Holkar Stadium wicket, engaged into a lengthy session with the close-in fielders on Friday. While Mumbai's poor show on the field against Punjab and Bengal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where the dropped caches proved costly \u00e2\u20ac\u201d might be one of the reasons, Kulkarni understands the slip cordon would be in business on this wicket.Mumbai skipper Ajit Agarkar and Zaheer Khan, too, had a close look at the playing surface and their smile said it all. Soon, it was Wasim Jaffer's turn. The veteran Mumbai opener had a brief chat with curator Samandar Singh Chauhan and dubbed it as \"Hara bhara kabab\". The result-oriented wicket is what Mumbai would have been hoping for. They seem to have got one here and must utilise it to the fullest against Madhya Pradesh (MP) from Saturday.These are desperate times for Mumbai. They are yet to register an outright victory. In fact, it happened way back in 1977-78, when they failed to win a single match. With Punjab almost assured of a knock-out berth and MP looking good for the next round, Mumbai must win with bonus points to stay in contention for the knock-outs.Mumbai came close to winning against Bengal at the Brabourne Stadium. Agarkar, who had to sit out in that match due to injury, blamed the unsporting wickets at some venues for denying them outright wins. \"Though we could have done better, the result was difficult on some of the wickets we have played on this season,\" Agarkar said.The inclusion of Zaheer Khan is a big boost for the visitors. Zaheer's experience will be vital, while Javed Khan's performance on a flat Saurashtra wicket is another reason for Mumbai to smile. It means Dhawal Kulkarni's absence won't affect them much. Mumbai batsmen will, however, be tested against in-form MP pace duo -- Anand Rajan and Ishwar Pandey. Together they have shared 63 wickets between them so far. Agarkar would have loved to have Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane who are on national duty but he knows he has enough resources up his sleeves.Madhya Pradesh, on the other hand, have shown positive intent by preparing a lively wicket. They could have been happier with three points at this stage but they aren't daunted by Mumbai's reputation. They have every reason to be confident. Captain Devendra Bundela is leading from the front; Jalaj Saxena and Naman Ojha are doing the job with the bat, while their bowling attack has been excellent so far. If anyone had doubted their abilities, the victory against leaders Punjab was enough evidence of their supreme confidence. The absence of in-form Rameez Khan will put pressure on their middle order. The likes of Harpreet Singh and Udit Birla need to contribute more as the batting looks too much dependent on Bundela, Saxena and Ojha at the moment. However, they know how to play as a unit and that's one quality that has helped MP do well against other Elite Group teams. A good contest is on the cards. The key here will be to show more application and patience while batting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17715442", "title": "Himachal election: Of Independent contractors and crorepatis", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In the winters of 2006, when Pawan Kajal, a government contractor, was giving final touches to the Himachal Pradesh Vidhan Sabha complex in Shimla , he had no idea what fate awaited him. Six years down the line, Kajal, who won as an Independent candidate from Kangra seat, is a proud member of the assembly that is housed is the building that he had constructed.Kajal, who won with a thin margin of 563 votes on Thursday, said, \"I had never thought when the construction was on that one day I would enter in the building as a member. You can imagine my happiness.\" Kajal is a matriculate and had fought as an Independent candidate for the first time after not getting a ticket from BJP.A total five independents have won the Himachal polls and the winners also include a real estate builder, who is also one of the richest contestants. Balbir Verma, who won from Chaupal seat in Shimla, has assets worth Rs 41 crore which make him the second richest politician of the state. Verma used to manage elections for his friend and business partner Rakesh Sharma , a BJP candidate from Theog. But later he decided to contest independently and won with a margin of 647 votes.Others Independents who have made it to the HP assembly are Kirnesh Jung from Paonta Sahib in Sirmaur district, Manohar Lal Dhiman from Indora in Kangra and Rajinder Rana from Sujanpur in Kangra. Of all five, only Jung has announced to support Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715404", "title": "Bangla man held for HuJI links", "text": "KOLKATA: Special task force officials of the city police have arrested a Bangladeshi national, Hasibul Jamal Hasu, from central Kolkata on Friday for his suspected links with HuJI (Harkat Ul Jihadi Islami).Another suspected HuJI activist Mijanur Rehman, who was arrested on Wednesday, had met Indian Mujahideen's second-in-command Amir Reza Khan in 2008 at a training camp in Bangladesh, revealed the officers. Following his arrest, on Thursday night STF officers held another BVangladeshi national from central Kolkata. He has been identified as Hasibul Jamal Hasu.STF officers confirmed that Hasu was in regular touch with Mijanur for the past 18 months and he had no valid documents to stay in India. \"We have arrested Hasu and after production before the court, he has been remanded in police custody till December 30,\" said an STF officer.Police said that Mijanur was among the few operatives in India who had direct links with Amir Reza Khan. Even after the meeting in 2008, Mijanur reportedly was in touch with Reza Khan and acted according to his instructions. Probe revealed that in recent years, Mijanur acted as a liaison between the leaders of HuJI and its Bangladesh chapter and was active in recruiting youths from Bangladesh.STF officers claimed that 45-year-old Mijanur, who was also a prime accused in the abduction of shoe baron Partha Roy Burman, was one of the key logistic suppliers to HuJI activists who were involved in the blasts in Benaras and Delhi.Police expect that Mijanur will be able to provide some important clues about Reza Khan, who remained elusive since the USIS attack in Kolkata in 2002. Police claimed that Mijanur was also behind the circulation of fake Indian currency notes in India - which is believed to be a pet project of Pakistan espionage agency ISI to destabilize the Indian economy.Sources said, for long STF is tracking the trail of FICN as Bengal's bordering district Malda and Murshidabad have turned into an FICN circulation hub. STF is now on the top among all Indian agencies in confiscating FICN. Sources hinted that following the trail police first tracked down Rehman but at that time he was in Bangladesh. So for long STF officers kept a close vigil on him through their network and finally cops found that Rehman crossed the border.Police have reasons to believe that Mijanur was in Kolkata to activate the sleeper cell of the outfit. \"Probably they have some fresh plans of attack which led him to sneak into India,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715316", "title": "Now, 'entrepreneurship' scheme to help tribals", "text": "PANAJI: The department of industries, trade and Commerce (DITC) has introduced a new scheme Goa tribal employment generation programme (GTEGP) to improve enterprenueurship skills and to create self- employment opportunities for tribals.Goa has a tribal population of around 1,80,000 (12%), which includes the Gauda, Kunbi and Velip communities . Srinet Kothwale, general manager of DITC, said that the scheme is meant for long-term sustainable economic activities in villages, and to help tribals catch up with changing economic trends.Through this scheme, the department will promote micro and small manufacturing enterprises in addition to service enterprises and trade enterprises.For setting up micro and small manufacturing enterprises, an applicant can avail a maximum loan of 25 lakhs with 40% subsidy.This will include enterprises such as domestic instruments made of metal and plastic, manufacturing ancillary products for big industrial units, rice and flour mill, making of poultry and cattle feed or any other suitable activity. For a service enterprise, an applicant will be allowed a maximum loan of 15 lakhs with subsidy component of 40%.Taxi or motorbike service, taxi, passenger rickshaws, goods carriers, modern saloons, beauty parlours, car workshops and similar activities are covered under service enterprise.Whereas for trading enterprises, a loan of up to 15 lakh can be availed, that will be in the nature of buying and selling of products, like setting up of a grocery shop, tyre shop, stationary shop, hotel, tea shop, electrical good shop, shop selling plumbing material.It will further include activities such as purchase of agricultural products from villages and selling to city markets, or any other suitable trading activity including the setting up of a electronic goods shop, and a medical store.Though the scheme has been introduced under the direction of the planning commission, it will directly be implemented by the DITC. The funds will be disbursed through state level/district level-registered tribal multi-purpose co-operative societies.A five-member task force committee for implementation of the GTEGP with director of industries as chairman, has also been constituted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715032", "title": "'Govt diluting APPSC's autonomy'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising a banner of revolt against APPSC chairperson Rachel Chatterji and secretary Poonam Malakondaiah, six members of the commission have approached the AP high court seeking a direction to the state government not to interfere in their functioning. They also wanted a direction to the chairperson and the secretary to function in tune with the autonomous nature of the commission.Justice L Narasimha Reddy who heard the case on Friday issued notices to both the state and the authorities of the commission asking them to file their replies within three weeks.The members of APPSC, SMD Nouman, Gangisetti Paddaiah, P Ravindra Rao, M Pochaiah, K Rupunjaya Reddy and Gubba Chandrasekhar told the court that the state government had directly interfered in the functioning of the commission by issuing GO Ms No 420 that had done away with the need to conduct interviews for various categories of jobs. \"The chairperson and the secretary have reduced the commission to a puppet in the hands of the state and they should be directed to act in a way that is in tune with the independent nature of the commission,\" P Sriram, the counsel for the members said. TThe counsel informed the court that these two authorities had rendered irrelevant the roles of the members.Emaar-MGF MD Shravan Gupta, an accused in the Emaar scam case, on Friday filed a petition in the CBI court urging it to permit him to go to Dubai from December 28 to January 4 to meet Mohammad Alabbar, the chairman of Emaar properties to appraise him of the losses to a tune of Rs 450 crore the company incurred. This business related meet is essential in order to salvage the company and the 1000 employees and families that are dependent on the company, he said in his petition. The case was posted to December 24 for hearing.In a separate petition, senior IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, an accused in the illegal mining scam case, filed a plea in the CBI court seeking permission to go to CMC hospital in Vellore for advanced treatment after her spinal surgery in Hyderabad. This case too was posted to December 24 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "17718238", "title": "Minor incidents of violence", "text": "ANAND: Two minor incidents of violence surfaced in Anand district on Thursday afternoon which left one person injured. While supporters of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and BJP clashed near Chikodra Chowkdi, workers of Congress and BJP clashed at Vanskhali village near Anand town. NCP and BJP supporters started pelting stones at each other after they entered into heated arguments when NCP took out a rally to celebrate victory of state NCP chief Jayant Patel alias Boskey. Boskey, who was contesting from Umreth assembly seat, was declared winner after counting. He defeated BJP's Govind Parmar.The stone pelting at Chikodra Chowkdi left a driver of a milk tanker injured. tnnThe driver was passing by when the groups had started pelting stones at each other.At Vanskhali, Congress and BJP supporters came to loggerheads after BJP was declared winner of Anand city seat.Although police had rushed to the spot and brought things under control, till late evening no complaint regarding the incidents was registered by Anand police.In contrast to earlier polls, this election so far has passed off peacefully without any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17718864", "title": "Kanu Kalsaria's Sadbhavna Manch fails to open account", "text": "RAJKOT: The people might acknowledge his contribution as a social worker but when it came to voting, Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria and his associates from Sadbhavna Manch had to bite the dust.They had contested as independents from various seats of Bhavnagar and Amreli districts. All of them lost to BJP candidates.Kalsaria is a three-time BJP MLA from Mahuva, and is widely respected for running two charitable hospitals for the poor in Mahuva and his movement against Nirma's proposed cement plant.Kalsaria received only 10,963 votes on the Gariyadhar seat where he had shifted from his traditional constituency of Mahuva. Bharat Thakar, a former Mahuva city BJP chief had been fielded by Sadbhavna Manch from Mahuva but even he could not gather more than 29,146 votes despite it being considered Kalsaria's strong hold.Instead of damaging BJP's prospects, the Manch candidate proved to be an advantage for the party on the Savarkundla seat.Shivarajsinh Vinchiya cut into Congress votes which helped BJP win the seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714982", "title": "Women's organization approaches Maharashtra home minister", "text": "NAGPUR: In the backdrop of the gang rape in New Delhi, a women's organization submitted a memorandum to state home minister RR Patil earlier this week for justice to victims of such atrocities. The group, Sanyukta Mahila Samity, also met minister for women and child welfare Varsha Gaikwad with their demand to rehabilitate victims and enforce stricter legal action against the perpetrators.Anshu Saxena said increasing injustice against women has been highlighted in their protest. She said that in one incident the high court acquitted an accused after he had been convicted by the lower court around couple of years ago. In another, the police denied justice to a victim who was being exploited for 12 years. The women's group has demanded relief in both cases.The protesting group also underlined the fact that political, including from the NCP, intervention in several cases has come in the way of justice for women. The protesters also demanded strict action against police officials who refuse to register complaints by women.\"The complainant woman in one case became an accused when influential and politically connected men conspired to frame her in fabricated cases, making a mockery of the system,\" said Saxena. \"The victimization of women also takes place at police stations, where they approach to seek justice,\" said the activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714747", "title": "Public service vehicle badge has critical info but enforcement lax", "text": "The public service vehicle (PSV) badge has been mandatory for all drivers of public transport vehicles , which include DTC and cluster buses, autorickshaws, Grameen Sewa and chartered buses for years now. The reality though is that less than half the conservatively estimated 2 lakh drivers of public vehicles in the city have the badge.The problem is predictably lax enforcement. Neither the transport department, nor Delhi Police has been serious about implementation , with the former not even ensuring that licences don't get renewed if they are not cross-connected to a PSV badge number on their database. That the problem is rampant is obvious from the random drives that have been conducted by Delhi Police. According to Delhi Traffic Police, at least 8,088 challans have been issued this year so far for driving a public transport vehicle when the person was not authorized to do so. While most were found to be autorickshaw drivers, a significant number were driving Grameen Sewa vehicles, taxis and buses. At least 459 were private chartered bus drivers.The PSV badge, which covers buses - including contract vehicles like chartered buses, autorickshaws , taxis and Gramin Sewa - is the only verification system in place for drivers manning these vehicles.In 2010, the transport department , in an effort to digitize the database of all public service vehicle personnel, decided to issue smart card-based PSVs. The project, if implemented properly, could prove to be of immense help to both enforce rules as well as make passengers safe. The chip on the smart card PSV has data like address and licence number of the driver, validity of the licence, police verification details and a photograph on the transport department's record. Such a database would help identify the driver in any mishap or crime as well as ensure that drivers with multiple challans or violations are denied licences and badge.Till date, 77,270 PSV badges have been issued . Officials say the process is hampered by the lack of interest shown by drivers of public transport vehicles. \"Drives by the transport department or Delhi Traffic Police usually get them to come for the badge,\" rues a transport official . The badge - which is given only after the applicant participates in a training module by the transport department - is, however , a powerful means of cleaning up the transport sector. The PSV badge training is not only about informing the applicant about regulations but also sensitizing him about passenger benefits and rights. Most, however, prefer to skip the process as the two-day training means missing a day's wages, say drivers. Another problem, admit officials , is while drives are conducted intermittently , these are only done for a few hours during the day and during off-peak hours. Public transport drivers and attendants are rarely checked at night and traffic p o l i c e s e l d o m checks their authorization if they are not visibly violating traffic rules. Only commercial vehicles are checked at night, say cops.Identity checkNo. of drivers plying public transport vehicles in Delhi: 2 lakh (approx)No. of smart card-based PSV badges issued between April 2010 and Dec 2012: 77,270Details on the badge cover:Name, driver badge number, vehicle category, issue date, validity dateIn chip:Driving licence details like its number, validity, vehicle category; badge number; date of birth; licence holder's name; father's name; zonal office where it was issued; police verification details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715140", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd fraudulently remortgaged assets: Canara Bank", "text": "HYDERABAD: Canara Bank, entrusted with the job of conducting a forensic audit of the accounts of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL), has now approached the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in Hyderabad for recovery of Rs 347 crore as dues from the company. Canara Bank has said that all that it has been left with now are bounced cheques and indifference from the DCHL management.Properties like printing machines, shares, land and assets related to Deccan Chargers , which were mortgaged to Canara Bank by DCHL against the loan, were fraudulently remortgaged to other banks like ICICI and Axis Bank, Canara Bank's petition said. The bank has sought a directive from DRT to restrain DCHL from clearing the dues of other lateral lenders before clearing its dues as they were the first lenders.After hearing the contention of B V Satyanarayana, manager of Canara Bank's prime corporate branch in Secunderabad, who moved the petition, the tribunal posted the matter to Monday. Canara Bank made DCHL, its chairman T Venkatram Reddy and directors T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer as respondents along with ICICI, Axis Bank and BCCI .According to the senior counsel representing Canara Bank, DCHL availed a loan and credit enhancement facilities from the bank to the tune of Rs 330 crore from August 2006 till March 2012. Though the credit facility extended to DCHL in 2006 was only to the tune of Rs 20 crore, it went up many folds from January 2008 onwards. \"DCHL and its promoters have failed to repay the loan amounts and had defaulted and our repeated reminders, appeals to them to regularize the account did not yield any results. We have issued them a legal notice asking them to repay an amount of Rs 347 crore with interest,\" the bank's counsel said. Apart from this, the bank had declared the DCHL loan as non-performing asset on September 8, 2012, the counsel told the tribunal.Canara Bank further informed DRT that it has come to know that DCHL is currently making serious efforts to sell away the properties that were mortgaged to the bank and sought a restraint order preventing DCHL from creating any such third party interests over the assets. In the long list of DCHL assets that were mortgaged to Canara Bank are the DC office building in Pitampuram Colony in Visakhapatnam spread over 3249 square yards, a building at Narayanapur in Anantapur spread over 2,519 square yards and buildings and land in Karimnagar spread over 3,600 square yards. This is in addition to the 43,560 square feet of land at Guindy industrial estate in Chennai and the 7 printing presses of the DCHL in Chennai and Andhra Pradesh.Interestingly, GE Capital Services, that had earlier lent Rs 100 crore to DCHL to purchase printing presses under a hire purchase agreement, is seeking recovery of this money through a civil court in Ranga Reddy district and is in fact trying to take physical possession of these machines.Apart from this, several banks (ICICI, Axis, Yes, Kotak Mahindra , Jammu and Kashmir bank etc), non banking financial companies ( IFCI , National pension system trust etc) and private companies (Adonis, Photon infotech, Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance etc) have launched separate and simultaneous legal proceedings against DCHL seeking recovery of huge sums they lent to the company. While some have knocked the doors of the tribunal, others have taken the matter to the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713867", "title": "CBI files chargesheet against ex-telecom secy and telecom firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly two years after Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) began probing spectrum allocation during the NDA regime, the agency on Friday filed a chargesheet in a case of corruption against telecom firms Airtel and Vodafone and former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh.The chargesheet claimed allocation of airwaves during late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan's term as communications minister caused a loss of Rs 846 crore to the exchequer.CBI's estimate is 66% higher than the Rs 508 crore loss mentioned in the FIR and the agency's report to the Joint parliamentary Committee examining telecom issues, including the 2G scam .Detailing the roles of the accused, CBI said Ghosh, a 1965 batch retired IAS officer , in conspiracy with Mahajan and telecom firms, abused his official position to show undue favours to the companies causing a loss of Rs 846.44 crore to the exchequer.It said there was a corresponding undue gain to telecom companies, including incidental benefit to other telecom firms, by charging an additional 1% of AGR (adjusted gross revenues) instead of charging the required additional 2% AGR for allocation of additional spectrum from 6.2 Mhz to 10 Mhz.Ghosh ignored financial adviserThe chargesheet, accessed by TOI, added, \"Ghosh 'deliberately' and with 'malafide intention' did not obtain comments of then member ( finance ) of DoT despite the issue involving huge financial implications. The wireless adviser, who was the custodian of the entire spectrum, was also intentionally bypassed on flimsy grounds that he was retiring on that very day ie on January 31, 2002.\"In defence, Ghosh reportedly told the JPC that the issue of allocating spectrum was pending since 2000 and he could not, contrary to what CBI says, be accused of delaying the decision.On the charge that the decision was rushed through in a single day, Ghosh reportedly said it was based on information developed over more than a year. Telecom regulator TRAI had said that it will consider additional licenses only if problems of existing operators were addressed.Ghosh also argued that the extension of revenue sharing set at 2% for an additional 5Mhz would be 4% for an additional 10Mhz.CBI named three telecom firms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bharti Cellular Ltd, Hutchison Max Pvt Ltd (now known as Vodafone India Ltd) and Sterling Cellular Ltd (now known as Vodafone Mobile Service Ltd) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as accused. Ghosh and the companies are accused of criminal conspiracy and for violation of provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Although CBI named the companies in the chargesheet, it said it could not find anything against the promoters. The agency said no action was proposed against Mahajan as he is dead but accused him of conspiring with Ghosh to benefit the private players.Jagdish Rai Gupta, who was then deputy director general in-charge of value added services, has been made an approver in the case.The agency filed its chargesheet in the court of special CBI judge O P Saini in Patiala House courts, with the matter to be heard on January 14.The 57-page document said the decision regarding allocation of additional spectrum to the telecom firms was taken in \"undue haste\" as part of a conspiracy. \"Investigation has thus established that the aforesaid decision dated January 31, 2002 (regarding allocation of additional spectrum) was taken in undue haste pursuant to the criminal conspiracy hatched amongst the accused public servants, late Pramod Mahajan, Shyamal Ghosh and said accused telecom companies,\" it said.On Gupta, who was made a witness after being initially named as an accused, CBI said \"no evidence attributing any criminality on his part or his involvement in the alleged offence has surfaced during the investigation\".The agency added that even before the joint testing report, regarding congestion/service quality in the network area of the telecom operators, could be received by DoT, a decision was taken by Mahajan and Ghosh to allocate additional spectrum to these companies.\"Investigation revealed that in fact, the joint testing (in respect of congestion/service quality in the network area) was conducted during the period of January 17, 2002 to January 23, 2002 but the joint testing report was submitted on February 1, 2002, by which time the said decision had been taken by late Pramod Mahajan in connivance with Shyamal Ghosh and the said accused telecom companies,\" it said.The agency further said additional spectrum was allotted to these firms on July 17, 2002 by DoT. \"Investigation has further revealed that pursuant to the aforesaid criteria formulated on February 1, 2002, Department of Telecom (DoT), through WPC wing, coordinated spectrum for the three accused companies and the additional spectrum was allotted on July 17, 2002 to Bharti Cellular Ltd and Sterling Cellular Ltd for Delhi metro area and M/s Hutchison Max Telecom Ltd for Mumbai metro area,\" the charge sheet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17714077", "title": "CBI rapped over fake railway bond probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday rapped the CBI for dragging its feet over the investigation into the railway fake bail bond scam and seeking adjournment.A division bench headed by Justice A M Khanwilkar was hearing a PIL filed by the Railway Suburban Passengers Association stating that the Railway Protection Force perso8nnel posted at Kurla station in 2008-09 booked commuters for crossing tracks and released them on fake cash bail bonds and misappropriated the money. In August 2011, the HC handed the probe to the CBI. The judges took exception to the CBI's plea to adjourn the hearing by ten weeks to submit a probe report. They questioned the time required. \"Also on why he (investigation officer) is going on with his own speed for reasons best known to him. We will pass observations that the investigation officer is misleading the court since the last three dates (of hearing),\" said Justice Khanwilkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715558", "title": "Obesity costing denizens a bomb", "text": "HYDERABAD: Healthcare expenditure of Hyderabadis has increased substantially during the last decade with people in the productive age group of thirties and forties increasingly falling prey to serious health complications, a new study revealed .Thestudy gauging the prevalence of obesity in Hyderabad has revealed that an alarming 30 % of the city's population is overweight and obese and among them 79 %suffer from at least one co-existing health condition which could be hypertension, heart disease, sleep apnea, diabetes, heartburn and liver disease .Dr Nandakishore Dukkipati, bariatric surgeon, Livlife Hospital, who was a part of the recently-done AC Neilsen study, said that Hyderabad is among the top cities with obese population in India and Andhra Pradesh ranks fifth in the country.\"We noticed that obesity is more prevalent in women. Children and young adults are also affected in a big way,\" says Dr Dukkipati.More Hyderabadis are eating outside frequently or eating oily food andsweets.Thisis more in younger age groups eventually leading to a more obese India in times to come. The study says obesity fails to create a stir amongst people towards the seriousness that needs to be accorded to it.Dr Dukkipati put the average annual healthcare expenditure of a young family in Hyderabad to Rs 15,000-20,000. \"As age advances, the expenditure only doubles and triples,\" he added. The study states that prevalence of obesity worsened as age increased. In Hyderabad, 68% of the people above the age of 55 years were above their ideal body weight.Disturbingly, 12% of the population in the age group of 0-14 years is obese in Hyderabad. And 35 % of the population in the productive age group of 41-50 years is overweight and 25% of the population in the 31-40 years age group is overweight.\"It's a huge drain on the economy. Medical costs for obesity related ailments are high. Also, there is absenteeism from work. To add to these are indirect costs of missing out living life to the fullest,\" says Dr B Narsaiah, bariatric and laparoscopic surgeon, Star Hospital, who also contributed to the study.According to Dr Narsaiah, apart from the regular monthly expenses for lifelong medication, the huge costs of emergency hospital admissions are taking a toll on families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718246", "title": "The second richest candidate loses his Dabhoi seat", "text": "VADODARA: Siddharth Patel, Congress candidate and son of late Chimanbhai Patel, who was defending his seat in the family's pocket borough of Dabhoi, was the second richest candidate in these elections. This was a fact which his rival and BJP's successful candidate Balkrishna Patel didn't fail to rub in when registering his resounding win over the Congress heavyweight, \"Paise se election nahin jeeta jaata,\" (Money can't win you elections), he told media persons soon after the win.Siddharth's defeat was a major upset for Congress which had wrested the seat in 2007 posting a sweet victory at a time when the state was going the BJP way. This time too, the party was considering a win here to be a cake walk, but its calculations got upset right from the first few rounds of voting.At the end of ninth round, Siddharth was trying to put up a brave face with a forced smile, when he was trailing with a margin of 5,122 votes, \"This is going according to calculations, we were expecting this setback from these areas but now we would improve,\" he said. An aide quickly clarified, \"The EVMs from Dabhoi town are yet to be opened. He would take a lead from there.\"BJP poll agents' faces bore an incredulous expression, pleasantly surprised at the way tables were turning. Soon, these were replaced with confident smiles when Balkrishna continued to maintain his lead even in urban areas. At the end of all rounds, the final tally stood at 70,833 in favour of Balkrishna against Siddharth Patel's 65,711.The victorious giant slayer strode out to receive a frenzied welcome from the BJP supporters who were waiting outside their party office right across the road. Covering him with garlands, they carried him on their shoulders chanting 'Vande Matram' and 'Bharat Mata ki jai', even as Siddharth Patel managed to make his quiet exit with a clutch of supporters, from a side exit on the MSU campus. \"When this gets over, we would sit and analyse the reasons for defeat. We raised the right issues and the campaign also went off well, so, these results are surprising,\" he said.Balakrishna had an answer to that, \"The Congress MLA never entered Dabhoi after winning the elections, so he should not be surprised at his defeat now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713232", "title": "Chief Justice bids farewell after \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcpeaceful\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tenure", "text": "CHENNAI: Brimming with a sense of fulfillment, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal, who bade farewell to the Madras high court minutes after his appointment as judge of the Supreme Court became official on Friday evening, said his two-and-half-year stint here had been \"peaceful\" thanks to the Bar and the subordinate judiciary.\"Judicial officers of Tamil Nadu have been extremely affectionate towards me and they took all my messages in the right perspective and the right spirit. As the backbone of the judiciary, they performed exceedingly well. I thank each and every single officer in the state subordinate judiciary,\" he said.As for the Bar, Chief Justice Eqbal said, \"Whenever I made a call to advocates not to boycott courts, each and every one among you listened to me and fell in line with my expectations. There was nil-boycott, for which I salute each one of you.\" Addressing a packed house in the court premises, he said, \"I leave behind my heart and soul, and carry with me your love and affection.\"Earlier, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan reeled out case disposal statistics and said during his 200-month judgeship, Chief Justice Eqbal had disposed of 1.23 lakh cases.Born on February 13, 1951, Chief Justice Eqbal was appointed additional judge of the Patna high court on May 1996. He opted for the newly-formed Jharkhand high court in October 2000. He assumed office as chief justice of the Madras high court on June 11, 2010.During his three-year stint in Patna, he had disposed of 26,000 cases and in Jharkhand he disposed of 71,804 cases between October 1999 and April 2010. Since June 2010 until now, he had disposed of 25,624 cases in Tamil Nadu. His total disposal is a whopping 1,23,428 cases, advocate-general Navaneethakrishnan said. Chief Justice Eqbal used to adopt a \"perfect blend of judicial activism and judicial restraint, whereby he intervened in deserving cases and dealt frivolous and vexatious cases with an iron hand, said the advocate-general.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, who is the next senior judge after Chief Justice Eqbal, was appointed acting Chief Justice of the Madras high court late on Friday evening. A presidential notification to this effect was issued moments after the warrant of appointment of Justice Eqbal as the apex court judge was released. For Justice Elipe Dharma Rao this will be his second stint as acting chief justice in the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17715353", "title": "Kodnani, Bajrangi want a change of court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi have requested that special judge Jyotsna Yagnik withdraw from the trial in the Naroda Gam case of the post-Godhra riots.The court has scheduled the hearing on this application for December 26.To support their demand that the judge withdraw, both convicts in the Naroda Patia case stated that the same judge heard the that case and convicted them. They claimed that the judge's evaluation of the sting operation as evidence in the Naroda Patia is disputed and the same evidence has been placed in this case as well, by the prosecuting agency - the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team ( SIT).The accused in this case - Kodnani and Bajrangi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d submitted that after convicting a person, the same judge should not conduct a trial of him or his relatives, else there is a chance of violation of principle of natural justice. They have also claimed since the same judge evaluated the sting operation in a particular manner once, she cannot deviate from her earlier conclusion. Therefore, both accused have got no other option but to invite conviction on the basis of the same evidence, said their counsel, Chetan Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17715282", "title": "MSRTC unable to find women drivers for its fleet", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), which has reserved 30 per cent of its posts for women, has not managed to find a single female driver to run its fleet of buses in Nashik district.\"The phase of written examination conducted by the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited ( MKCL) is over and now verification of documents and physical examination are under process,\" said a senior official of the MSRTC. \"In all, there are over 3,000 candidates, but not a single female application has arrived for the post of bus driver in the district,\" a senior official of MSRTC said.The MSRTC is short of staff to run its buses in Nashik city and the district, like elsewhere in the state. Now it is carrying out its largest recruitment drive in recent history. The list of successful candidates in the state-wide examination, generated division-wise, has been handed over to the respective divisional (district) controller's office, which is now processing it further.\"Officials pointed out that one of the main conditions required for the job was three years' previous experience in driving heavy vehicles. They added that with such a condition, barely 10 female bus drivers could be found across the state.Officials are surprised, as they were confident there would be a response for the reserved seats. They do admit that the three year's experience of driving heavy vehicles could be a barrier.\"There is no institution which employs women drivers for heavy vehicles or even light vehicles for that matter,\" said an official. In India, or to be specific, in Maharashtra, it is rare for women to take up driving light commercial or heavy vehicles. As a result, we don't know if the plan to recruit women bus drivers will work out,\" the official said.An office-bearer of the MSRTC employees' union was of the opinion that the process should have been a smoother one where the women would have gradually been introduced as drivers. \"First, the women could driven the LCVs at the various offices and then been given special training in our dual control buses so that the MSRTC itself would have created a fleet of women bus drivers,\" the office-bearer said.Considering the expansion of the city, the requirement of the staff and other issues, Nashik division has sought recruitment of 967 drivers and 900 conductors as against 2,382 drivers and 2,158 conductors in Nashik region that includes five divisions - Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon, Nandurbar and Ahmednagar.Of the 967 posts of drivers in the division, 251 posts have been reserved for women as part of 30 per cent reservation, while the region has 715 posts reserved for women drivers. The process for the recruitment began on August 7, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714095", "title": "Security man booked for stealing Rs 2 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been registered against a security supervisor of a security company, who allegedly misappropriated more than Rs 2 lakh and two mobile phones belonging to the company.According to police, Sandeep Kumar Verma, manager, Unitech Security, in Palam Vihar, has lodged a complaint that a supervisor of his company, Navin Joshi, has disappeared with the cash, the cellphones, valuables and documents of the company. Police are yet to find clues about the suspects. The cellphone of the accused appears to be switched off.In his complaint, Verma said one Joshi worked as security supervisor and used to man the office of the company. He was in the office till late on Saturday night. On Monday, when the other employees came for duty, they found that he was missing.\"A case has been registered against Joshi, a native of Almora, Uttarakhand , under Section 406 of the IPC,\" said ASI Pawan Kumar, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17715312", "title": "World not likely to end today: Association of friends of astronomy", "text": "PANAJI: If you are reading this, it means the world has not ended so far. And it is not likely to end on Saturday, say members of the local astronomy association.Irked by the doomsday theories floating around, association of friends of astronomy (AFA) Goa members took people willing to listen up the garden path, literally, at the city's Jardim Garcia de Orta.AFA members debunked the doomsday theories and said prophets are playing on the people's ignorance by harping on alignment of the earth and sun to the centre of the milky way. \"It happens every year during winter solstice on December 21, 2012,\" Satish Naik, AFA secretary, explained.The Mayans, an ancient south American race, had predicted that the calendar will end on December 21, 2012. \"They referred to the calendar and not the end of the world,\" Naik said. For them, the year is associated with the return of their god to establish truth and peace in the world.\"Tomorrow, another 5000 year old cycle will start,\" Naik explained. Further, he joked, \"It is better if the world ends, because when I look around, I feel sick. If it ends, we can have a more beautiful and healthy world,\" he added.Naik said the world will end, but another day. AFA members showed videos of scenes of doomsday movies. A tableau on grass depicted aliens attacking the earth.Visvesh Gaunekar of the One world society spoke on the concept of a world without borders.Earlier, the programme started with a recitation of poems, appropriately on hope, by Bhikaji Ghanekar, Preeta Sardesai and Ismat K.Activities such as sky gazing were also held. Around 100 children participated in a drawing competition, etching out their ideas on the theme ''one beautiful world'.An in house band, AFA rockers and Willy Goes, kept the crowd entertained as the evening wore on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718109", "title": "Chiranjeevi is like my son: Dasari", "text": "A day after Dasari Narayana Rao made some comments about 'lack of respect for him' targeting some heroes; there has been a strong buzz across film nagar circles that Dasari's fingers were pointing towards megastar Chiranjeevi.However, the legendary director clarifies that his words were not directed at a particular hero but he was addressing the gathering only in general. Dasari has lashed out at the fourth estate saying that the media has misinterpreted his comments and diluted the essence of the content. He further asked the media to refrain from making any statements that provoke the fans.\"I cannot understand why the media is creating a rift between me and Chiranjeevi every now and then? Chiranjeevi is like my son and we are always together,\" said Dasari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718358", "title": "Trisha turns ten", "text": "Trisha recently completed ten years in K-town. The actress made her entry into films in 2002 with Mounam Pesiyadhe, which has Suriya in the lead.The actress rose to become one of the most sought-after actresses in the industry and had some of the biggest hits in K-town opposite the A-listers in the industry.Though the actresses' offers have slimmed down, she has no plans of slowing down and intends to act for the next ten years. Trisha has films opposite Jiiva, Vishal and Jayam Ravi. She has already worked with the likes of Kamal Haasan, Ajith, Vijay, Vikram, Suriya and Vikram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17713003", "title": "IIT syndrome: Big bucks cause depression", "text": "CHENNAI: Big salaries offered by companies descending on IIT campuses are worrying counsellors. 'Dream offers', faculty members say, are stressing out those offered relatively lower salaries. Offers for IITians range from annual salaries of 82 lakh to 12 lakh.Dr Alok Bajpai, consultant psychiatrist at IIT-Kanpur, said only 5% of the students got big offers, but it still created \"pressure on the peer group\".Some IIT-Madras students have sought the help of Mitr, the institute's guidance and counselling unit . \"But many don't come to us, because they fear the first question we will ask is why they want to compare salaries,\" said Mitr head Sivakumar M Srinivasan. Counsellors say parental expectations and comparisons with those who receive multiple offers is one reason why some students feel this way. Failure to meet their own aspirations also puts pressure on some.Dr Bajpai said this affected the way school students thought about higher education. \"They want to get into IITs, without the slightest idea of what's different about these institutions. The only consideration is the fat salaries they are likely to get once they join here,\" he said. And parents choose specialisations that will yield maximum returns after four years, he added.To help students plan their career, rather than get jobs, IIT-Madras is planning a series of workshops from next year. \"We want to prepare students for what they will face rather than firefight. To identify those who might face difficulties in coming to terms with such situations, Mitr has trained student volunteers to spot and provide some help to these students,\" said Sivakumar Srinivasan.Counsellors said the focus should be on whether the rec-ruit will be happy doing the job, said an IIT-M faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17715095", "title": "CWG scam: Kalmadi to face trial from January 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former CWG Organising Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi will face trial for allegedly abusing his office and causing loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer in a Games-related graft case before a Delhi court. On Friday, the court ordered framing of cheating and conspiracy charges against him.Special CBI judge Talwant Singh fixed January 10 for framing of charges. against Kalmadi and nine others. Besides Kalmadi, former OC secretary-general Lalit Bhanot and eight others have been charged with forgery under the Indian Penal Code and criminal misconduct by public servants under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The case relates to an alleged illegal award of a contract to Swiss Timing Omega.It said \"prima facie\" charges of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and for offences under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act are made out against eight accused and three companies.\"Charges under section 120B (criminal conspiracy), 201 (destruction of evidence), 420 (cheating), 467, 468, 471 (relating to forgery), 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and section 13(1)(d) read with section 13(2) (criminal misconduct by public servants) of the PC Act is ordered to be framed against all the accused,\" the court said, posting the case for January 10 for framing the charges formally.Kalmadi, aides caused Rs 90 crore lossKalmadi and others have been chargesheeted by the CBI for \"illegally\" awarding a contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system for the 2010 CWG to Swiss Timing at inflated rates causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the public exchequer.Besides Kalmadi and Bhanot, the other accused in the case are OC's director general VK Verma, director general (procurement) Surjit Lal, joint director general ( sports ) A S V Prasad and treasurer M Jayachandran.PD Arya and A K Madan of Faridabad-based Gem International and A K Reddy of Hyderabad-based AKR Constructions are also accused in the case. The CBI had alleged that Kalmadi and others rejected Spanish firm MSL's much lower bid of Rs 62 crore.CBI had argued that Kalmadi and others had decided to award the contract even before the firm had bid for it. Kalmadi's counsel, however, had argued that the facts given in the CBI's chargesheet were contrary to the documents which the agency had filed in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "17714414", "title": "Policeman gunned down in Samastipur", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Armed miscreants on Friday shot dead a policeman posted at Rosera police station in Samastipur district while he was on mobile duty and chasing criminals on a motorcycle.The policeman, Gangesh Kumar, 32, tried to intercept three criminals riding on a motorcycle.When they did not stop, he chased them. However, the policeman was overpowered by the criminals on the outskirts of Rosera town near the Burhi Gandak river. They snatched his revolver and shot twice in his head from point blank range, killing him on the spot. Thereafter, they escaped with the looted revolver.On getting information, Rosera DSP Mithilesh Kumar and Samastipur SP in charge Rizvi rushed to the spot. Rosera DSP said the policeman's body has been sent to Samastipur for postmortem and hunt is on to arrest the criminals.This is the second incident in the district in 24 hours when criminals have attacked the police. Earlier, a group of criminals attacked a police party when the police challenged them on Thursday night at Kalyanpur under the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17714097", "title": "Protesters beat up cops, torch vehicles", "text": "GURGAON: A team of Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) officials had to literally run for their lives when a mob pelted them with stones from rooftops, when they were in Sheetla Colony on Friday afternoon to demolish an under-construction boundary wall whose construction was being carried out illegally.Two MCG officials and more than four policemen were injured after being badly beaten up by protesters who also pelted them with stones. By the time the commotion subsided, police had arrested nine people and detained more than 15. An FIR citing the charge of attempt to murder and several other sections of IPC has been lodged in the Sector 5 police station against more than 100 agitators. The agitating residents also blocked the Sector 5 Road for an hour. Residents led by the ward councillor, Gaje Singh Kablana, tried to block the traffic by sitting on a dharna, demanding the release of the arrested protesters.The MCG officials had come with police to bring down illegal constructions within 900 metres of the IAF ammunition depot in accordance with the orders of Punjab and Haryana high court and deputy commissioner but were shocked to see hundreds of residents blocking their way and refusing to let the JCB approach their houses.When police tried to shoo them away with a lathi charge, the mob turned violent and attacked police and MCG officials. It was only when police reinforcements were brought in that the protesters retreated.The incident also widened the rift between the MCG authorities and area councillors, with the latter accusing the authorities of high-handedness.\"Our team consisting of two assistant engineers, two junior engineers and duty magistrate and members of the quick reaction team reached the spot after getting information that a boundary wall was being constructed illegally. As soon as they reached there, a violent mob gathered there and started pelting stones. Our men hid wherever they could, but three vehicles including an earthmover were burned down,\" said Anju Chaudhary, joint commissioner, MCG.Meanwhile, various ward councillors whose area falls under the restricted zone blamed the MCG authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17719136", "title": "Tourist inflow surges in Dalma Wildlife Sanctuary", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After a period of lull, tourist flow to Dalma Wildlife Sanctuary, an elephant habitat in the catchment area of Subarnarekha river and adjoining Purulia district of West Bengal, is seeing a decent footfall with enthusiastic forest watchers coming in hordes to spend quality time with family and friends.With Christmas and New Year round the corner, requisition for hospitality at the forest rest house atop Dalma is pouring in endlessly. \"All the rooms in the guest house have been booked till the first week of January,\" said an official at the guest house. The forest department that owns the rest house said improved road connectivity and a better environment led to the jump in the tourist's inflow. \"The newly laid motorable road linking the Steel City to Dalma guest house in Pindrabera has improved the connectivity owing to which all the vehicles, including two wheelers, are running smoothly and many are also ferrying tourists to the Dalma hill,\" said Mangal Kashap, Dalma range forest officer.He said the scope of employment of local tribals living in adjoining villages in Dalma has also been instrumental in attracting the tourists. \"The local village boys are playing pathfinders to the tourists and are being able to make a living out of it,\" said Kachap throwing light on the tribal villagers' support to the growing tourism on the hilltop. According to information, tourist flow has witnessed phenomenal growth from December 2011. In the last 12 months, over 17,000 holidaymakers have made it to one of the most popular sanctuary of the state, said the forest officer. \"Earlier, the number of tourists visiting this place throughout the year hovered around 5000 to 9000, on an average,\" he said. In the wake of the growing number of tourists, the forest department has planned to construct additional rooms in the existing guest house. \"The rest house will go in for a revamp early next year.The guest house will be equipped with modern technology gadgets,\" said a senior forest official. Spread over 193sq km, the sanctuary abounds in natural vegetation cover and comprises various species of flora and fauna that are hard to find elsewhere. Gaurs, black buck, chital, wild dogs, sambar, gharials, muggers and many more species are present in the Dalma sanctuary. During the peak of summer, herds of elephants from neighbouring Bengal and Orissa flock to this sanctuary in search of water much to the delight of the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714532", "title": "Joyful carols mark Christmas Day in Patna Women's College", "text": "PATNA: Joyful carols and play marked the Christmas Day celebrations at Patna Women's College on Friday. Students put up a colourful programme to spread the message of love and peace on Christmas as the Santa once again made everyone to dance to his tune and distributed gifts from his magical bag.Centre for South Asian Studies: The Centre for South Asian Studies, with an objective of facilitating research and discussions on exploring business avenues in the seven countries of the region, would be inaugurated at the Chandragupta Institute of Management (CIMP) on Saturday. Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran will inaugurate the Centre on the CIMP campus. Former dean of school of international studies in Jawaharlal Nehru University, Prof I N Mukherjee, would also be present on the occasion. \"The Centre for South Asian Studies will spur Bihar's economy through commercial and economic linkages,\" said CIMP director V Mukund Das.Patna Women's College:Asha Deep: Differently abled students of Asha Deep School celebrated their annual day programme on their school campus on Friday. Students put up a melange of performances including fashion show, group dance, action song, folk dances and staged a play. State additional disability commissioner Mohan Ram was the chief guest on the occasion.Magadh Mahila College: Monty Kumar, Prince Kumar and Manish Kumar of B N College bagged the first prize in the intercollege Mathematics Quiz Competition organized by department of mathematics, Magadh Mahila College, on Friday to mark the closing ceremony-cum-prize distribution of \"National Mathematics Year - 2012\" celebrated throughout the year in the college. They were followed by Shiv Shankar Mishra, Ravi Anand Kumar and Ashish Kumar of Patna Science College and Avinita Gautam, Surabhi Kumari and Chandni Dixit of Patna Women's College.Gyan Niketan: Students of Gyan Niketan will display their creative talent at their annual exhibition on \"Heritage of Bihar\" being organized on their school campus on Saturday. Director archaeological survey of India (ASI) S K Manjul would be the chief guest on the occasion.AISA: Members of All India Students' Association (AISA) staged a gherao of the principal of College of Arts and Crafts, Patna University (PU), on Friday, to protest the hike in fees of courses offered terming it against the benefit of students. AISA members said that the principal assured them to hold talks with PU administration on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715269", "title": "Excise department to keep close watch on celebrations", "text": "PUNE: The state excise department has increased its vigil in the city and rural areas ahead of the Christmas and New Year celebrations with on-duty staff and flying squads keeping a close watch on activities pertaining to purchase, sale and consumption of liquor. Prior permission is essential for serving or consuming liquor, officials said on Friday.A special drive has been planned in the next 10 days to keep check on activities pertaining to illicit liquor. The squads will conduct unannounced checking of liquor samples at permit rooms, bars, 'dhabas', etc. The squads will also check factory godowns across the district.\"Since there was an increase in the number of programmes and parties organized in the outskirts of the city in the past few years, special attention will be given to these areas for the next couple of weeks. There is no intention to spoil the celebrations. However, we appeal to the citizens to follow rules and regulations,\" an official said.The people should carry permit for consumption of consumption on these special days since it is mandatory as per the rules. The department is planning to make these permits available at wine shops, permit rooms and bars, the official said. \"The stock of one-day permits is ready with us. It will be released as per requirement. We will also ask the shop owners to remind a purchaser to obtain the permit,\" the official added.The excise department has deployed 14 squads and two flying squads, which will conduct round-the-clock checking in vulnerable areas to prevent trade in illicit liquor. The department will take strict action against the owners of permit rooms and 'dhabas' if any adulterated material is found on their premises. The department has appealed to the citizens to inform the on-duty officers in case they notice any illegal trade of liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720017", "title": "Cookie returns,owners of the dog elated", "text": "INDORE: We have often seen people overwhelmed with happiness when their near and dear one's return home from a difficult situation like after an abduction or from a war. But it is difficult to witness a similar overflow of emotions when it comes to one's pet. Here is a story that is otherwise.Bharat Baswani, owner of the 3-year-old Dachshund, named Cookie which went missing a few days back appeared extremely thrilled and happy on seeing his pet after a gap of around 3 days. ' In fact he had an exact account of the number of hours his dog wasn't with him. Bharat , resident of Khatiwala Tank area caliberately stated, \"Cookie was found after 60 long hours of disappearance from home and we feel relieved.\"Bharat's attachment to his pet can be ascertained from the fact that he was about to launch an FIR. \"To see her back home it took me almost 1000 Facebook shares, mini advertisements and even a reward of Rs.5000 for any information on my pet.We had started getting panicky and in fact we were also planning to lodge an FIR . But thank God Cookie is back.!\"A group of young guys found the dog in Navlakha area and brought it to Bharat. \"Yes, we had to reward the guys but that's no big deal. Cookie is back and that is more important to us,\" sais Bharat. He further said, Bharat also said, \"I would not say completely but to some extent yes! I guess this new found trend of expensive dogs getting lost and found is a fishy trend altogether. ''I say this because the guys who handed over Cookie to me did seem to be a little weird.I did want to find out about their whereabouts but somehow on getting Cookie back we were just too concerned about her. She appeared so tired and unfed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713280", "title": "Israel nurtures liberal attitude towards art: Filmmaker Dan Wolman", "text": "KOCHI: Acclaimed Israeli filmmaker Dan Wolman said that even though the world perceived his country as xenophobic, it maintains a liberal attitude towards creative expressions.\"When you are sure of your strength, you won't be affected by criticisms. Our government has instituted several agencies to fund different facets of film making. Some of the films that these agencies funded criticized government policies and touched sensitive areas like the Palestine issue,\" Wolman said on the sidelines of the Kochi International Film Festival (KIFF).Recalling the pogrom in Russia during 19th century and the holocaust in fascist Germany, Wolman said all these events had imposed a feeling of fear in the Jews of Israel. \"But all these issues should not deny the people of Palestine and Israel a peaceful coexistence,\" said Wolman.He said it was possible to hope for a better outcome, even amid all setbacks, when one identified the basic goodness in human beings. Wolman said he is excited by the changes that technology has ushered in to make filmmaking accessible to a wider section in the society.\"We are almost on the threshold of a revolution. Now independent filmmakers can make films at shoe-string budgets. The big budget films make people apprehensive about failures. With new technologies independent filmmakers can afford to make films and even face failures,\" he said.Wolman said the internet offers many possibilities to reduce the dependence on profit-mongering distributors for the release of films.\"They charge huge amounts for film marketing and distribution. But we can now reach out to a wider audience through internet campaigns. I avoid the middle-men while king and distributing a film.Wolman has made 17 films, six television dramas, five short films and four documentaries. \"My films explore the facets of human relations,\" he said. KIFF will also feature a class by the Israeli director on Saturday.Screenings will also continue at the Children's Theatre on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718808", "title": "Ranchi youngsters get high on a different ball game", "text": "The green-top table is drawing more and more youngsters to clubs in the city as taking the 'cue' becomes a new passion for Ranchi youngsters.Despite being a somewhat costly sport, with minimum charges ranging from `100 to `120 per hour, pool is becoming increasingly popular among school and college students who seek to hang around with friends over a game or two.Although it's a pastime for most, some youngsters like Utsav Pradhan and Nikhil Modi have taken their passion a notch higher and compete at state-level competitions. Says Nikhil, who owns the oldest pool parlour in Ranchi, \"I took fancy to the game while pursuing higher education in Kolkata. Pool is a prominent indoor game over there and I got addicted to the sport. After I came back, I found that although youngsters were interested in the game, they felt constrained by the lack of a proper pool clubs. So I started this club in 2001. It's been almost 11 years now and the number of enthusiasts has only increased. Two new pool parlours have opened since February and are taking the game to the next level.\"Asad Razzaqi, who claims to own the biggest pool club in town, admitted to doing brisk business. \"Ever since I started the parlour a few months back, all my tables have remained busy from 7 am till 11 pm. Most of my clients are between 17 and 30 years of age,\" he says, adding that money is not a constraint with this young bunch.Significantly, students from nearby educational institutes, like Doranda College, Delhi Public School, Xavier's school and Bishop Scott School also flock to these pool joints. Says Utsav Pradhan, 16, who was introduced to the game by his cousin, \"I took an instant liking to the game when I was staying in New Delhi. When I returned here, the first thing I did was to enquire about pool parlours in Ranchi. A year later, I participated in state-level competitions. Although I didn't win, my morale got a huge boost when Pankaj Advani patted my back and complimented me on my strokes. Now that my board exams are over, I plan to take it up in a big way.\"For Karan Singh, another pool enthusiast, pool is all about spending a quiet evening with friends indulging in some healthy competition, \"I come here because of the ambience,\" he says.With an increasing number of youngsters starting taking interest in this sport, Mohd Zakir, a national level pool player, is working towards uniting different pool and billiards association in the state. He organizes pool tournaments at a Kanke pool parlour twice every year, funding it himself. \"The problem with billiards in Jharkhand is that there is no game association actively promoting it. Also, there are no professional-level pool parlours in the city yet. But things are looking up now. Once these things are in place, we can expect some great pool and billiard players from the state,\" he tells us. Well, we have our fingers crossed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714578", "title": "Work on automatic parking lot held up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The engineering wing of the Chandigarh municipal corporation has finally received a tender for work to convert two parking lots in Sector 17 into automatic parking lots. However, it will take a few days for the work to begin as the MC has received only one tender. The process of advertising of the tender has started again because a single tender cannot be catered to the first time. At least two to three firms are required for the work to generate competition.S P Singh, executive engineer of the MC's electrical wing said, \"We have started the tendering process again for the work, because as per the MC manual, a single tender can't be taken first time. The ongoing tender process will be completed by the last week of the month. Work will start after the process is complete.\"Earlier, the authority studied the pattern of the Indira Gandhi International airport in New Delhi and decided to implement maximum facilities in the planned automatic lot. The parking lots will be fully computerized and records of every vehicle will be gathered. No extra vehicle exceeding the capacity will be allowed at the parking lot.Rates of lots will be fixed on hourly basis and the amount will be fixed later. Automatic lots will be centralized by computers and sensors, so that the exact number of vehicles and available vacant parking lots are easily identified at the entry point of parking lots. There will be only one entry and exit in these parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713175", "title": "Job lost after acid attack, victim and kin struggle to survive", "text": "MUMBAI: At the beginning of the year, Aarti Thakur (23) faced an acid attack at Goregaon station, that too in the peak evening hours. The 23-year-old girl had just begun her career in marketing and her family had pinned its hopes on her to kiss their financial woes goodbye.Their dreams were dashed that evening, two months after she joined a renowned IT company in Goregaon. Following the attack, she never heard from her employers ever again. But, what Aarti regrets most is how all her colleagues, who over a period of two months had become good friends, wiped her out of their lives. \"Till date, not a single colleague or friend has called to enquire or help. This attack was also an eye-opener in many ways,\" she said.The attack brought about a sea-change in the once confident and outgoing girl. She has now confined herself to their one-room flat in Nalasopara and steps out only for hospital visits or unless absolutely necessary. And every time she covers herself from head to toe. \"Partly, it is the fear of being attacked again, and part of it is about the way I look now,\" she said. The gruesome attack left her with serious burns and scars on eyebrows, face, neck and forearms. The attack also mentally scarred her 21-year-old sister, who always steps out wearing a burqa now. She is pursuing a beautician's course and dropped out of her college for want of funds.Aarti's family, which comprises her mother, a single parent, and her sister, are practically leading a hand-to-mouth existence. The only earning member of her family, Aarti made about Rs 14,500 a month before the attack. Now, the family has no source of income. Their home rent of Rs 3,000 is pending for the last six months. She said the IT firm she worked for also owes her 21 days' salary that they have refused to pay her. \"But, we do not have the time and resources to fight for all that now,\" she said.The attack also scarred her personal life. Her fiance is still by her side and has been supporting the family with their daily needs. But Aarti detests the dependence. \"I don't know what the future of our relationship will be, so I don't want to take favours from anyone,\" said Aarti. The crunch, however, could not deter Aarti to withdraw the case against the attackers. \"We were offered lot of money to amicably settle things. But I refused. I have suffered way too much at their hands,\" she said of the three attacks on her.Now, a typical day in the household starts with Aarti's mother Seema making a list of trusts and organisations she has to visit. She aims at collecting Rs 2 lakh for at least three more surgeries that Aarti has to undergo. Aarti said she wants to get back to her normal self and ensure her attackers suffer as much as she is suffering now. The trial in the case is yet to begin and all the accused are out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17720018", "title": "Punjab unit of IMA faces vertical split", "text": "JALANDHAR: A vertical split has taken place in state unit of Indian Medical Association over the election of state president for year 2014 with state council announcing along with two members of the Association's Election Commission Dr Ram Nath Bharadwaj as President after holding consultations.However, third member of the body's election commission Dr Jaskaran Singh Gill, who claimed himself to be Chief Election Commissioner, announced Dr Sudhir as elected president after single handedly holding the election. However sitting IMA president Dr Shiv Duttta Gupta had already announced on November 13 the decision of the State council and a five member committee, constituted for unanimous election of President, to elect Dr Bharadwaj as president.The five member committee was constituted after the two candidates submitted in writing to go for unanimous election, said Dr Gupta. The two members of the Commission Dr Manjit Singh and Dr Baltej Singh had also ratified Dr Bharadwaj's election.However on Friday Dr Gill announcing the election of Dr. Sudhir, said that once the election process had started, state council had no authority to countermand the election. He held that he was chief election commissioner and he could go ahead with election process on his own.Sources in IMA said that several units had not even participated in the voting as they stood with the state council unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718721", "title": "Guess who\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s nominated for Bollywood\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Golden Kela Awards?", "text": "Golden Kela Awards, the Indian version of Razzies - Golden Raspberry Awards (very popular awards in the West for awarding the worst in the film making industry) has announced its 2012 nominations list for the 'worst' attempts in Bollywood. It has a section called 'The Cream of Crap in Bollywood' with different categories under it. Here are some of its so-called nominations...Worst Actor (Male)Ajay Devgn: Son Of Sardar and Bol BachchanImran Khan: Ek Main Aur Ekk TuSanjay Dutt: AgneepathAkshay Kumar: Housefull 2, Rowdy Rathore, Joker and Khiladi 786Siddharth Malhotra and Varun Dhawan: Student Of The YearWorst Actor (Female)Anushka Sharma: Jab Tak Hai JaanSonakshi Sinha: For everything She DidDeepika Padukone and Diana Penty: CocktailFarah Khan: Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal PadiAlia Bhatt: Student Of The YearWorst FilmHousefull 2: For being way more full (of bad jokes, poor acting, horrible writing and cast members) than we could take.Son Of Sardar: For being offensive...not just to the Sikh community, but to anyone with intelligence and a sense of humour.Khiladi 786: For (among other reasons) being written by the 'multi-talented genius' known as Himesh Reshammiya.Dabangg 2: For not being Dabangg.Jab Tak Hai Jaan: For being so bad that we'd rather forget its existence than live on with the knowledge that this was the last film Yash Chopra made.Joker: For being one of the worst films ever made...anywhere.Most Irritating SongFor playing incessantly on radio, on TV, in cars, bars and discos; getting stuck in our heads and refusing to leave.Chinta ta Chita Chita (Rowdy Rathore)Son of Sardar (Son of Sardar)Anarkali Disco Chali (Housefull 2)Disco Deewane (Student Of The Year)Hookah Bar (Khiladi 786)Most Atrocious LyricsAnvita Dutt: Ishq wala Love (Student of the Year)Amitabh Bhattacharya: Halkat Jawani (Heroine)Shabbir Ahmed: Bipasha Bipasha ( Jodi Breakers )Shabbir Ahmed: Po Po (Son Of Sardar)Sameer Anjaan: Chinta Ta Chita Chita (Rowdy Rathore)Himesh Reshammiya: Hookah Bar (Khiladi 786)Baawra Ho Gaya Hai Ke AwardHomi Adjania: For following up Being Cyrus with Cocktail . We had expectations from you, Homi.Sanjay Khandvi: For taking his own awesome Ek Chaalis Ki Last Local , setting it in Delhi and making Kismat Love Paisa Dilli... and doing a horrible job of it.Ali Azmat: For sounding like a parody of his former self in the song Maula from Jism 2. Indian Moviegoers: For spending more than 600 crores on Bol Bachchan, Housefull 2, Agneepath , Rowdy Rathore and Ek Tha Tiger (we'll keep adding the crores as figures keep coming in for Khiladi 786 and Dabangg 2 ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718015", "title": "Yamla Pagla Deewana 2", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sangeeth Sivan Cast: Dharmendra, Sunny Deol, Bobby Deol, Neha Sharma, Kristina Akheeva, Johnny Lever, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor, Sucheta Khanna Release Date: June 7, 2013SynopsisAfter delivering a super-hit with Yamla Pagla Deewana in 2011, the Deols are now gearing up to win your hearts with the sequel to the film. Veteran actor Dharmendra and his sons Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol will be next seen in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 and they wrapped up the London Schedule on 4th December 2012. The remaining portions will be shot in Banaras in early 2013. The Deols have decided to release the film on 7th June 2013.Sunny Deol said, it's the longest schedule shot overseas for any film. Shooting in Leicester and Birmingham was perfect. A big thanks to my cast and crew, it would have not been possible without their support. Also all I can say is, if you liked the original, you will enjoy this one. It is a great family film and a complete entertainer.While the Deols will reprise their roles from the previous film, Neha Sharma and Kristina Akheeva will play the female leads. The film also features Johnny Lever, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Sucheta Khanna in pivotal roles. The Film is been Directed by Sangeeth Sivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17718198", "title": "Internet freedom out of danger till Jan 2015: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no need to get scared about losing internet freedom, at least till January 2015. That's the view of top telecom policy watchers, who closely monitored the World Conference on International Telecommunications (WCIT) of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) that ended in uncertainty earlier this month in Dubai.Policy experts say the changes affecting internet users in India, if any, would be slow and minor with little or no changes. Existing laws and governments will largely retain their current control. The resolutions are not binding and member-states are free to opt out of it. India is yet to ratify the treaty that lays out a broad framework on international co-operation over telecommunication resources.The ITR (International Telecom Regulations), decided by the ITU were last updated in 1988 when the internet, as we know it today, did not exist. And, the hullabaloo was caused by the proliferation of internet in the intervening years, which had created a lot of complications and misgiving among nation states. The Dubai conference also included alarmed internet evangelists, who feared that the meeting would result in UN control of the internet. But with the US, the UK and several other countries refusing to sign on the dotted line, most decisions have been withheld till January 2015 when the treaty is expected to be ratified.Says Anja Kovacs of Internet Democracy Project, \"India still has to decide whether to sign or not. If India does sign the treaty in the end, the immediate impact on the internet within the country is likely be small, however, since...most provisions now integrated in the ITRs (International Telecom Resolutions) are already part of local laws and regulations in some form or the other.\"Even before the WCIT could begin in Dubai, opinion was polarized on what it could or could not do to internet freedom. Behind closed doors, countries such as Russia and China had been lobbying for a greater control of the internet, via the ITU, which is a part of the United Nations Development Group. Hard proof came with the revelations of a collective called WCIT Leaks. India was reported to be in support of the treaty, finding itself in the company of regimes like Azerbaijan.Sources in the Department of Telecom (DoT) who were present at the Dubai meet said on condition of anonymity that their focus is on equitable distribution of IP addresses in the world through multilateral meetings.Some countries have argued against the expansion of the ITU's powers to include the internet, saying it will hamper freedom of expression, free flow of ideas and access to online content with the governments and the UN deciding on an online code of conduct. Google started a \"campaign\" to mobilize opinion against the inclusion of the internet in the treaty. Several mainstream American publications such as New York Times also approached the resolutions warily. Forbes called it \"The Internet Cold War.\"Others believe no real change in online freedoms will come of this treaty, and that control over content will remain largely nationalized rather than be decided by the UN. Milton Mueller, a US-based researcher in the field of \"political economy of information and communication\" and Harvard law school professor Jack Goldsmith tried to debunk the \"hysteria\" and \"phobia\" surrounding the meet and resolutions with their blog posts.Chinmayi Arun, a professor from the National Law School, Bangalore, was present at the Dubai conference as a civil society representative from India. Assessing the internet implications of the treaty, if and when ratified by India, Arun sees little reason to be worried with even \"better access to telecom services to the disabled \"as part of a larger bargain\". However, it is not all sweetness and light. Privacy, it appears, is a matter of contention not with the international telecom regulations, but the ITU's interventions in other areas. \"Other activities of the ITU, such as its new standard on deep packet inspection could potentially affect privacy,\" says Pranesh Prakash, policy director at the Bangalore-based Center for Internet and Society. Deep packet inspection is a form of electronic surveillance.The text of the treaty lays out that none of the regulations are applicable on content shared on the internet. Even then, the regulations are not binding, and are applicable only to countries that sign it. And then there are other areas of this treaty that need a closer look.Prakash feels absence of change has its own downside. \"Access to content won't change much. But neither will increase in access to broadband. These kinds of changes are mostly done at the national level, and it doesn't make much sense to tackle these internationally except as high-level principles,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715663", "title": "New professor accuses President of breach of trust", "text": "KOLKATA: All is not well behind the vaulted portals of the Presidency University. Murmurs of dissent now mar its tentative steps towards becoming a world-class institute, with a respected professor recruited from abroad crying foul over the selection process.Noted historian and Presidency alumnus Benjamin Zachariah , who quit the University of Sheffield to join as professor in the fledgling university , has accused the institute of \"breach of trust\" . Zachariah is upset at being misled by mentor group chairman Sugato Bose, who \"verbally promised\" to make him head of the department, a pledge the varsity is now reluctant to honour.The South Asian history expert says he took up the Presidency assignment only after being assured of the headship so that he could shape the syllabus and teaching method the way he had visualized . \"This is precisely why I had let go of commitments in other universities because I thought I need to give my best to the department as its head,\" the professor said.Zachariah had a tiff with university authorities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the vice-chancellor , registrar, controller of examinations and a member of the mentor group \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in a closed-door meeting on Thursday, where VC Malabika Sarkar insisted the head of the department would be chosen from among senior professors only after recruitment for the three vacant posts for professors in the history department is complete.\"I was assured of the HOD's chair after my selection . And this after mentor group chairman Sugato Bose had repeatedly assured me of the position. The university is now going back on its promise and isn't offering me the post even when the current HOD is keen to give up,\" Zachariah said. The distinguished professor also found fault with the university's selection procedure . He argued that the institute was flouting the existing Presidency University Act that makes it mandatory to have the dean of arts or the head of the department in the teacher selection committee.Zachariah slammed the \"deliberate\" move not to elevate him to the HoD's chair. \"The delay or refusal to appoint the HoD or indeed anybody else as the HoD is being put on hold deliberately to keep HoDs out of the selection committee for the next round of appointments ,\" he said.\"The existing Presidency University Act says the varsity should keep the dean of faculty or responsible HoDs as members of the selection committee. The new university has not yet done the needful since the committee is yet to be set up and there is no assurance from the authorities that the HoDs will be kept in the panel, if at all. What's more, the V-C said during Thursday's meeting that the Act is not binding yet on the university. The member of the mentor group went a step ahead and said the university had the freedom to choose relevant clauses from the Act,\" Zachariah said.Clarifying the university's stand vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said: \"The part of the Presidency University Act that includes the clause being referred to is not yet operative. The clauses from section 53 onwards are transitory regulations. The existing Presidency Act specifies that the governor will announce the day from which the entire Act will come into force. At the moment, selection is being conducted according to the format approved by the Presidency University Council. In that format, there is no room for the faculty dean or the HoD in the selection committee because we are still in the first phase of faculty selection.\"The V-C said the university had not offered the HoD's chair to Zachariah because there are vacant posts for professors that will soon be re-advertised . \"The seniormost in terms of teaching experience may be appointed the HoD. However, the main reason why history headship has not changed is because some structural changes are being contemplated,\" Sarkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715103", "title": "Retired colonel held for wife's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrantwadi police have arrested Anilkumar Shivbihari Lal (58), a retired colonel, for allegedly bludgeoning his wife Anita (55) to death at their residence in Kusmade colony in Vishrantwadi on Thursday.Anilkumar's son, Amit Lal (33) of Mumbai, has lodged a complaint in this regard.Assistant police inspector A M Kadam said that the incident came to light around 2 pm on Thursday, when Amit rushed to Pune after getting a call from his sister. \"Earlier on Thursday, Anita's neighbour informed her daughter, who stays in Mumbai too, that her mother was lying unconscious in the bathroom,\" Kadam said.Kadam said that when Amit found his mother in the bathroom, he noticed several marks made by a heavy object on her body. \"He rushed Anita to the hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival,\" Kadam said.He said that Anita's domestic help told Amit that Anilkumar and Anita had quarreled on Wednesday night. \"The domestic help also told him that Anilkumar had beaten Anita with a heavy object,\" Kadam said. Amit then lodged the complaint against his father.Investigations have revealed that Anilkumar had been harassing Anita throughout their marriage. \"We produced him before the court on Friday. He was remanded in police custody till December 25,\" Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714589", "title": "New cancer hospital among chief minister's many promises to Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Rarely does the Nagpur region get any substantial gains from the winter session even though it is held in the city. This time however, we have been lucky. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has announced several projects for the region on the last day of the session on Saturday. Most of them were announced in state assembly while replying to calling attention motions, discussions etc.The most important ones are the regional cancer hospital on the lines of the one at Aurangabad, a centre of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT). The proposal for setting up the institute at Nagpur and Pune has been sent to the centre.The Aurangabad cancer hospital is the best in the state and has a state-of-the-art equipment. The upcoming cancer hospital will be as big as a government medical college and will cost around Rs150 crore for establishment. The Rastrasant Tukdoji Maharaj (RST) cancer hospital, which is also run by the state government, is managed by a trust and patients do not get free treatment.The CM said that when he was minister of state for science and technology in New Delhi, he had mulled setting up an innovation and research centre in NEERI premises. \"India has a lot of intellectual capital but we have not harnessed it. Our universities do not figure in top 200. So research institutions need to be set up,\" he said.Chavan also promised that the model for modernization of the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH) would be finalized in January and an administrative approval would be issued. The government is still in two minds whether to develop it on BOT basis or not. Funds for upgradation of the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) would also be sanctioned soon, he promised.The state government has also decided to set up a government engineering college under the Nagpur University (NU). The Chandrapur engineering college was under it but with the creation of Gondwana University, the college will no longer be under the NU umbrella. The location of the college has not been finalized yet.The government has started providing ownership documents to slum dwellers in some areas like Kamgar Colony and Tukdoji Nagar. This has led to demands for giving ownership rights to other slum dwellers too. Chavan said that the government will do a fresh survey for doing that.The chief secretary has been given powers to spend Rs50 crore on Vidarbha every year without cabinet approval. This will help the region in getting funds immediately without going through the regular procedure.The CM faced a lot of criticism from opposition MLA on diversion of development funds meant for Vidarbha. Last year Nagpur division's funds were diverted to Amravati and Pune divisions. \"We have taken a decision that the funds meant for Nagpur and Amravati divisions won't lapse even if they are not spent. The backlog of Vidarbha would be removed as per directives of the Governor,\" Chavan assured the House.He admitted that in spite of creating a regional cadre, government officers from other parts of Maharashtra were not coming to Vidarbha. \"This was the first year and hence we were lax in enforcing the law. From next year if a person does not take charge of a post in Vidarbha, his promotion will be cancelled,\" said the CM.Major announcements for Nagpur regionRegional cancer hospital on lines of the one at AurangabadIndian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT)A centre of Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR)New government engineering college under Nagpur universityMayo hospital modernization model to be finalized next monthFresh survey for providing ownership rights to Nagpur's slum dwellersGovernment medical colleges at Gondia and ChandrapurRs50 crore can be spent on Vidarbha by chief secretary sans cabinet nod", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17712873", "title": "Chinnaswamy turns a fortress for India-Pakistan T20 tie", "text": "BANGALORE: When a Pakistan cricket team last came to Bangalore in 2007 for a Test match, it was possible to organize a pitch inspection tour on the eve of the Test for ticket-holders of a certain hospitality stand.Come 2012, let alone the pitch, heavily guarded as it is with barricades all round and armed policemen at all four corners of the main square at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, one cannot even enter the pavilion area. Welcome to post 26/11 cricket between India and Pakistan.The T20 international between the two teams is on Christmas Day but already the stadium is like a fortress, at least going by the number of policemen on duty in and around the area. Having laid out their plans well ahead, the cops moved in nearly two weeks ago and have, in the interim, insisted on having their way.So much so, that for the first time in the stadium's history, the VVIP stands, including the main lower pavilion and the adjoining Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) members stand, have also been cut off with an iron fence.Smooth ticket salesIn the light of all the demand, the fact that counter tickets sales on Friday morning to the gallery stand, went off smoothly must have come as a huge relief to the KSCA officials. Putting in place a highly regulated queue system and ensuring that only one ticket per person was issued, paid off. The queue outside the stadium, that started at Gate No. 9 on Queen's Road opposite Cubbon Park, extended almost till the erstwhile BRV theatre on Cubbon Road but there were no incidents as such.Pak team to arrive on SaturdayThe Mohd Hafeez-led Pakistan team is scheduled to arrive in Bangalore on Saturday night. According to the present plans, the team will travel to New Delhi from Lahore early evening and then take a chartered flight to Bangalore. They are expected to arrive around 9 pm and 12 hours later, they will have their first nets session on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17714420", "title": "Kids' films to spice up season of merrymaking", "text": "KOLKATA: Kids are in for a treat this Christmas vacation. The week-long Kolkata International Children's Film Festival will screen some of the best-known children's films from across the world. The event, a brainchild of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , is organized by state-backed Shishu Kishore Academy.On Friday, Mamata inaugurated the second edition of the film fest along with actor Juhi Chawla , the chief guest for the programme. \"We all need to watch children's films to revisit our childhood and ponder over the lessons learnt,\" said the CM.While Mamata showered praises on Chawla and Shah Rukh Khan for the IPL victory, Chawla reciprocated by calling \"Mamata di\" the architect of a new awakening that will help to keep Kolkata the culture capital of the country.The event kicked off with the screening of the film I Am Kalam whose protagonist Harsh Mayar was the special guest.Nearly 130 films from 25 countries, apart from India, will share screen space during the festival. Russia being the theme country this year, 10 films from the country will be shown.Children will also get to enjoy their share of Bengali films. A retrospective on Satyajit Ray's Feluda films has been organized. Besides, a documentary on Sukumar Ray, filmed by Satyajit Ray , will be shown as a tribute to the poet on his 125th birth anniversary. Films will be shown at Nandan, Rabindra Sadan, Sisir Mancha and Minerva Theatre.In order to encourage greater involvement of students, the fest organizers had arranged for a filmmaking competition by schoolkids. The film by senior students of La Martiniere for Boys was adjudged the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17713333", "title": "Church heads slam Kerala government's liquor policy", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Heads of various Christian denominations slammed the state government's liquor policy at the Bishops' conference and Kerala Samyukta Kraisthava Madyavarjana Samithi meeting, organized at CSI Retreat Centre here. The meeting decided to launch a campaign to force the government to change the policy.Inaugurating the meet, Malankara Orthodox Sabha head Baselius Mar Thoma Paulose II said the government had no guilt in turning the state into a liquor shop. \"Those who speak about imposing a ban on liquor in a phased manner don't have the courage to implement it. One should think about the government's attitude while considering that liquor sold in a year was worth more than Rs 7,000 crore. Public welfare is not a priority for this government,\" he said.He said the Christian, Hindu and Muslim communities should unite in the fight against this policy. He also urged the priests to keep away from functions in which alcohol is served. Those who consume alcohol should not be included in any parish committees, he said.Mavelikkara metropolitan bishop Joshua Mar Ignathios said those who do not even have money to buy rice are being pushed to the liquor shops. \"Just by wearing khadi, one doesn't become a Congressman. If these people can't implement the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi, they should quit,\" he said.CSI bishop Thomas K Oommen said the government should start brothels also if it was interested only in profit-making. \"While more than a year is needed to get the government clearance for constructing a place of worship, bar licences are issued within 10 minutes.\"Changanassery archbishop Mar Joseph Perunthottam said the government needed will power based on ethics while Pala bishop Mar Joseph Kallarangatt called for an agitation against liquor with representation from all cross-sections of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715681", "title": "Kolakata marches against rape", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Don't tell me how to dress. Tell them not to rape,\" cried a poster in a rally in the city on Thursday that was attended by women from all walks of life \u00e2\u20ac\u201d students , homemakers, elderly citizens \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to protest the increasing rate of crime against woman in the country. Black bands were tied on their arms and mouths to \"mark the death of humanity\" , but the posters they carried condemned the heinous act of rape in Delhi, describing it as \"repulsive\" , \"abhorring\" and \"poisonous\" .The rally was an initiative taken by the Moitree Awareness Organization and the citizens of Kolkata.\"There is no solution until the mentality of people changes. There should be fast-track courts for crime against women ,\" said Amitabh Ghosh, an advocate of the Calcutta high court.Ratna Mandal, a yoga teacher, added: \"We, the common man, are in the midst of a crisis where on one side we worship Durga Ma as the mother divine and on the other crimes against women are rising at an alarming rate.\"More such rallies have been planned in the city over the weekend. While a candle march will be taken out from Esplanade on Saturday with the demand of capital punishment for rapists, the Sunday's rally at JU will address \"India's normalized misogyny that leads to such attacks\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17718682", "title": "Thane police constable gets life sentence in murder case", "text": "THANE: A police constable attached to an anti-extortion cell here, was sentenced to life imprisonment by local court in a murder case involving an octogenarian.Thane Additional Sessions Judge A P Raghuvanshi handed out the sentence to constable Ravi Parab yesterday in the 2011 case, where the accused brutally attacked 87-year-old Waman Madvi in Naupada locality, resulting in his death on the spot.The accused and the deceased were locked in a property dispute over large tracts of land in the city and Naupada area.Parab allegedly hit Waman three times with a boulder, causing severe bleeding following which he succumbed to his injuries on April 9 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715387", "title": "Tehatta firing: Media under lens", "text": "KOLKATA: The judicial commission into the Tehatta firing of November 14 will investigate 'the role of the media during the incident', apart from examining the police action to see if the firing was justified.These terms were mentioned in the notification issued by the government on Friday. Retired district judge of North 24-Parganas, Ajay Nath Sen, is handling the probe. The other terms of reference include investigating the role of the civil administration and if they adhered to the provisions of CrPC and police regulations.The commission will also speak with the victims and record the condition of their families. The report is to be submitted in six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714013", "title": "Minister files appeal against his conviction", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma has appealed against his conviction in the criminal case in which he was sentenced to three years imprisonment by a trial court early this week.Sharma filed the appeal before the district court on Friday and the matter is likely to be heard on Saturday. The minister has refuted the allegations that he clashed with the policeman on duty during a student protest in 1997.As student leaders, Sharma, Hanuman Beniwal, who too is a legislator now, and others allegedly blocked the road in front of the Maharaja College during a protest related to Rajasthan University's infamous JC Bose gangrape case of September 1997.In his appeal, the minister has said he was a co-accused in the matter and the main accused was yet to be arrested. Sharma has argued that the co-accused cannot be sentenced until the main accused is tired and found guilty.Further, the minister's appeal reasoned that though he has convicted of hurting a public servant to deter him from discharging his duty, there was no document to prove that the policeman, who was allegedly hurt by him, was on duty then. Also, the FIR does not mention the charge that he blocked traffic on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17713970", "title": "Sunny Friday in Delhi, Saturday likely to be same", "text": "A misty, chilly morning was followed by a clear, sunny day in the capital on Friday with the maximum temperature settling at 22.8 degrees, a notch above average for this time of the year. The Met has forecast a similar Saturday. \"There will be light mist on Saturday morning ... the day would be sunny and pleasant,\" said an official.The maximum and minimum temperatures may hover around 22 and 7 degrees Celsius. Friday's minimum temperature settled a notch below average at 7.6 degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum humidity was 89% and 32%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17716900", "title": "Engineering through correspondence soon: HRD minister M.M. Pallam Raju", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) would soon allow more technical courses including engineering through correspondence, human resource development minister M.M. Pallam Raju said Friday.After a meeting with AICTE Chairman S.S. Mantha and other officials, Raju told reporters that a new accreditation body for technical education, Indian Board of Accreditation (IBA), will also be constituted soon.Students are presently allowed to pursue management (MBA) and computer application (BCA, MCA) programmes through correspondence. But the AICTE does not allow engineering courses through this mode.The AICTE chairman said that based on recommendations of several committees, the council has decided to allow more technical courses through correspondence. However, \"there will be strict conditions of eligibility\".Mantha said: \"Nearly all courses except medicine and architecture would be allowed through correspondence.\"He, however, added that the final decision in this regard would be taken later. The proposal is likely to be finalized by February next year.Mantha added that an entrance test would be organised for graduate level courses, while Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) scores might be considered for entrance to post-graduate courses.He also made it clear that correspondence courses would be available only for those who have already done a diploma course, or some other regular technical course, and have some work experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713560", "title": "DGCA violates own rule on pilots", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a gross violation of its own rules, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has senior management pilots from airlines working for it as seconded flight operations inspectors (FOIs).This makes a mockery of a civil aviation requirement of the DGCA (Section 8, Series A, Part III, 6.1) which states that an FOI \"shall have no management responsibilities in his airline nor in any way be associated with pilot associations/unions, etc. during his tenure, to avoid clash of interests\".These FOIs are mainly examiners in airlines, having at least 5,000 hours of flying. They're selected by a DGCA panel to help it with inspections of planes, route checks of pilots, etc.Shockingly, out of the list of 19 seconded FOIs on DGCA's website, many hold managerial positions in airlines, as vice-presidents, general managers or chief pilots, making it a clear case of conflict of interest.While these FOIs are supposed to inspect planes other than their own airlines, it isn't unusual for them to favour each other and their airlines and turn a Nelson's eye to snags, incidents and flight-time and duty-time limitation violations.Arun Mishra, the DG of DGCA, claims that when his organization took some of these FOIs, they were non-management examiners but were promoted by the airline later. So why didn't the DGCA remove them then and infuse fresh blood? After all, their deputation is meant for two years. \"We will relook this FOI issue,\" promised Mishra.The post of seconded FOIs was formed in 2009. The DGCA has five FOIs of its own who are selected from AI and they check both scheduled and non-scheduled flights. But as this number was then grossly inadequate to inspect some 1,600 planes in India, the DGCA asked airlines to pitch in with their personnel. These pilots are paid by the airline and fly for it too. But airlines in a smart move have sent management pilots and can, therefore, do their bidding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719750", "title": "Ajith\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s video creates a flutter", "text": "Ajith's accident footage seems to have created quite a flutter on the Internet. The actor was injured while shooting for a stunt sequence for Vishnuvardhan's upcoming film. Director Vishnuvardhan has come out with a message saying that Ajith fans need not panic and the director has revealed on his social networking page that they are taking all necessary safety precautions. He also shared a video that was taken the day after the mishap, in which Ajith was seen doing another daredevil diving stunt. The director was touched by all the love and concern showered by Ajith's fans. He said that the entire cast and crew too loved Ajith as much as his fans", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718252", "title": "When Madonna threatened to quit performance", "text": "Singer Madonna threatened to quit a live performance after a group of people were smoking and the smoke got on her nerves.Madonna was performing at an open theatre in Santiago, Chile, when she stopped mid-way and screamed at the audience, reports tmz.\"There are people smoking right now... No smoking! If you're going to smoke cigarettes, I'm not doing a show,\" she said.\"You don't care about me? I don't care about you. All right? Are we going to play that game? I'm not kidding. I can't sing if you smoke. You're looking right at me and smoking cigarettes, like I'm a stupid f**king idiot,\" she added.The smokers gradually stubbed their cigarettes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17714315", "title": "'SSB committed to check human trafficking'", "text": "MOTIHARI: Deputy commandant of 13th battalion of Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) R K Sinha on Friday said that human trafficking is the worst form of violation of human rights and the SSB deployed on porous Indo-Nepal border are committed to check this menace. Human trafficking is now the second largest criminal enterprise in the world after drug and he urged the people of bordering areas to give them help to curb this criminal act. He suggested increasing awareness among people about this crime.He was inaugurating a work-shop on 'human-trafficking on Indo-Nepal border` at Raxaul on Friday organized by Janjagaran Sansthan .He suggested good coordination between police , SSB , administration and social workers to fight the malady .Arpana Singh, member of the Bihar Child Rights Protection Commission said prevention, prosecution, protection and rehabilitation are needed to curb human trafficking. Sensitizing the police and para-military, judicial officials and others is necessary so that the victim girls or boys are treated honourably and not as a criminal. Fanindra Nepal, representative of an NGO of Nepal said thousands of girls are being trafficked from Nepal per year through Bihar and are pushed into flesh trade in different cities of India and abroad even in Middle East and this open border makes this trade easier.Rimjhim Kumari, a social worker said Bihar has got a dubious distinction in the sphere of human trafficking and Raxaul has become the main transit point for trafficking of girls from Nepal.Raxaul DSP Jitendra Pandey called upon the police officers to be sensitive while dealing with matters like human trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17714413", "title": "Nitish harps on special status, again", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar said on Wednesday that he had till now propelled Bihar's development by focusing on the state's core competence and grant of special category status (SCS) to the state by the Centre could give a fillip to its growh saga.\"I will again raise the demand... at the National Development Council (NDC) meeting. We are insisting that the Centre revise the earlier parameters and also device a suitable formula so that the interests of the least developed states... are accommodated,\" Kumar said.He added the new formula for central assistance to least developed states should take into account their status vis-a-vis the national average under various heads like health, education, per capita investment, per capita availability of infrastructural facilities (roads, power) and human index indicators (HDIs). The focus should be on developing the core competence of backward states, he said.Kumar was speaking after releasing a book, 'Bihar: Vikas Aur Sangharsh', written by former CM Jagannath Mishra, at a function held under the aegis of Bihar Institute of Economic Studies on the premises of L N Mishra Institute for Economic Development and Social Change. Assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary and deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi were also present, while education minister P K Shahi presided over the function.The CM said the average growth rate of Bihar has been put at 12.11% by the Planning Commission, but special status was a must for its \"sustained, speedy and accelerated growth\". He listed Bihar's history and heritage, fertile soil, intelligent and hardworking youth and people and suitable climate as its core competence areas. \"Today, the wind of 'nav jagran (new renaissance)' is blowing in Bihar,\" Kumar said.Incidentally, Mishra had first raised the issue of the neglect of Bihar by the Centre in 1976 and followed it up from June 1983.\"I also longed to achieve development of Bihar, but I did not get the (kind of) mandate Nitish Kumar has got to pursue and achieve the state's developmental agenda,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17715381", "title": "King of small screen passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: He was the uncrowned king of the small screen, the man behind many faces who made it big. As his megaserials ruled the drawing rooms of all and sundry, Jishu Dasgupta slowly became a household name, a success story that was cut short on Friday morning by his unfortunate demise.\"Jishuda had given me the biggest break of my life when he offered me a role in Tithir Atithi. People sat up and took notice and films started coming my way,\" remembers Paoli Dam. \"One day I was shooting at Santoshpur and he walked down to talk with me. 'The Jishu Dasgupta' was big then and I was totally star-struck. But then we worked together for three years and he was like a father figure, always guiding me, letting me in to the technicalities and nuances of the profession. I had visited his place even a few days back and all old memories are coming back now. He had built an empire on his own and this is a huge loss to all of us,\" she adds.Tithir Atithi, one of his many successful soaps, had completed 2,000 episodes and the actors have fond memories of it. \"Jishuda had selected me for a negative character. It was a first for me. After the first day of shoot, he came to me and said, 'Sobai toke bhalo chele bole janto, ami toke hath dhore kharap kore dilam.' I was so touched by it,\" remembers Bhaswar, who played Remo in the soap. He remembers Dasgupta for his phenomenal energy and involvement in work. \"He would choreograph the stunt sequences and it was evident he loved doing it. Jishuda would guide us on how to throw a punch or how to make action on screen more believable,\" says Bhaswar.The man had also launched Abir, long before he became a household name as Byomkesh. \"Few people know that it was not just me, but my dad and mom Falguni and Rumki Chatterjee who were also launched by him. I was in class XI when he selected us for the soap Kuasha Jakhon. We owe our entire career to him,\" says Abir. When he passed his Madhyamik, his father was on the floor, shooting with Dasgupta. \"And when my HS results came out, my mother was on the floor for his shoot. Life came a full circle when my graduation results were announced and I was shooting with him. Before my father came, he bought sweets and distributed it to everybody on set.He was family to me and its really a big loss for all of us,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718110", "title": "Tarzan 3D", "text": "CreditsDirector: Reinhard Klooss Cast: Kellan Lutz, Spencer Locke , Anton Zetterholm, Jaime Ray Newman Screenplay: Reinhard Klooss, Jessica Postigo, Yoni Brenner Banner: PVR Pictures Genre: 3D Animation Indian Release Date: 2013SynopsisBased on the classic Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan 3D is an animated motion capture.The plot of the film revolves around Tarzan and Jane Porter who face a mercenary army dispatched by the evil CEO of Greystoke Energies, a man who took over the company from Tarzan's parents, after they died in a plane crash. The 3D effects in the animation film make the watching experience even more enjoyable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718880", "title": "'Indira played identity card through saris'", "text": "VADODARA: Indira Gandhi used to play identity card through the saris that she wore. This is what noted textile researcher and sari expert Rta Kapur Chishti had to say here on Friday.Chishti, author of 'Saris-Tradition and Beyond' said that the former Indian Prime Minister was the only women politician in the country who knew how to play identity card through saris whenever she moved around the country.\"Indira changed the way women politicians wore saris. She started the trend of wearing handloom saris. She used to change the way of draping it considering the region where she was touring. For instance, when in Maharashtra, she was draped in the traditional Nauvari style of saris. In Gujarat, she used to wear the seedha pallu style (Gujarati style) or the Parsi style saris. It was her specialty,\" Chishti, who runs the 'Sari School' said.Through the Sari School, Chishti teaches 108 styles of wearing saris. According to Chishti, Priyanka Gandhi is the one who can do an Indira with saris.\"Like her grandmother, she (Priyanka) has all the intelligence to play the similar identity card with saris that can get her connected with people in diverse regions. But she has restricted herself to family instead of entering the political domain. The only time she wears saris is when she is moving around in her constituencies and that perfectly suits her,\" says Chishti, who has been working in the field for over 35 years.According to this sari expert, a hand-woven sari is intricately tied to a geographic location and holds cultural significance of that location.\"I don't know why Jaya Bachchan , the Rajya Sabha member, who was looking good in saris, has changed to salwar kameez,\" she said, adding that recent trends also indicate that women have started wearing saris in court rooms and multi national companies (MNCs). \"Women working with MNCs have adopted saris to portray themselves as task managers and to create the image of serious women,\" said Chishti.Chishti was in the city on invitation from the Department of Clothing and Textiles of M S University, which kicked off a two-day national seminar on 'Dynamics of craft development - a technopreneur approach' on Friday.at the Faculty of Family and Community Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714723", "title": "Smriti Irani sends legal notice to Sanjay Nirupam over 'slur' on TV, BJP to boycott him", "text": "NEW DELHI: The abusive and derogatory remarks made by Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam to BJP MP Smriti Irani on television has sparked off a major controversy with the principal opposition deciding to boycott him.Angered by Nirupam's \"indecent and derogatory\" comments against Irani, BJP on Friday announced that party spokespersons and leaders will not attend news channel debates in which he is participating.As Irani slapped a legal notice on Nirupam for indulging in \"gross defamation\", BJP indicated that it was also exploring what legal steps could be taken against the sharp tongued Congress MP.\"The kind of language and choice of words by Nirupam in a news channel debate against Smriti Irani, who is our Mahila Morcha chief and MP as well as an established TV actor, is most unfortunate and painful. He crossed all limits of decency and decorum,\" BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.The Congress MP found no support from his party either. In fact, party spokesperson Renuka Chaudhary deplored the sexist jibe made by Nirupam just when the country is consumed by anger over rising crimes against women. \"If true (that he made these comments), it is regrettable. That is the real challenge, that people don't understand what sentence they speak is anti-gender,\" she said.Nirupam had reportedly used defamatory and indecent language against Irani during a TV debate when the Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh election results were pouring in on Thursday.\"He has made anti-women comments and BJP strongly condemns it. Nirupam is a Congress MP and his party is headed by a woman, yet he has made such derogatory remarks. We expect Congress president Sonia Gandhi to take action against him and apologize herself,\" Prasad said.The BJP leader warned that in case Sonia does not do so, party workers may hold protests against her. \"No BJP spokesperson will go for a debate on any news channel where Nirupam is participating,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714613", "title": "'Give death to rapists'", "text": "The city has erupted in rage over the brutal Delhi gangrape. As horrific details of the nature of injuries sustained by the victim came out, people across the country united in their demand for capital punishment for the accused.City residents are also conducting campaigns demanding capital punishment for the men involved both as retribution and as deterrent.Many Facebook users are signing a petition on the website, to press the demand for death penalty. By Friday evening, 3,65,068 users had signed the petition.Among the many petition letters sent to the Prime Minister, one by Bodhisatva Dasgupta, an associate creative director says that the accused may look like normal people but have a diabolical mindset. \"Four drunk men rape and almost kill a defenceless woman. The world will come to an end when humanity fails. People who really care, the people who are affected are organising protests and candlelight marches. I apologise on behalf of the men who justify such acts by pointing towards the clothes that women wear.\"The outrage is such that to many people even the death penalty seems too mild a punishment for the ghastly crime. There have been posts demanding a slow and painful death for the accused. Demand for castration is also intensifying.The severity of the punishment city residents have been demanding is a manifestation of their anger at the horror the victim was subjected to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17718259", "title": "HTC to make first 7-inch Windows RT tablet", "text": "LONDON: Taiwanese electronics maker HTC is planning to make tablets based on the latest Windows operating system.HTC is said to be working on a 12-inch device and a 7-inch version that can also make phone calls, according to a person familiar with the company's plans.According to the Telegraph, the move would give Windows maker Microsoft another ally in its challenge to Apple and Google in the 63.2 billion dollars market.HTC's products, to debut in 2013, will be based on the Windows RT version of Microsoft's operating system, designed for machines with chips using technology from ARM, the paper quoted a person familiar with the plans, as saying.According to the report, a 7-inch tablet would be the first of that size for Windows RT.The move comes as Microsoft tries to compete with the iPad mini, Amazon's Kindle Fire and Google's Nexus 7 in the market for smaller, cheaper tablets, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17713204", "title": "UP announces Rs 5L aid for rape victim", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday announced an assistance of Rs 5 lakh for the Delhi gangrape victim.Earlier this week, Akhilesh said the state government would bear the expenses of her treatment.The UP chief minister had also promised the rape victim a job in the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718216", "title": "Delhi gang rape: No let-up in protest", "text": "VADODARA: City residents did not let a day of excitement for election results diminish their resolve for demanding justice for the victim of Delhi gang rape. On Friday, the protesters were back on roads taking out candle marches and organizing 'flash meetings' to demand that society be made safe for women.At one such impromptu meeting arranged by sending smss and posting messages on social media, groups of concerned citizens gathered at Race Course circle and talked of the problems facing society in general and women in particular.Young girls, who came holding placards with messages like 'justice', 'Hang them' and \"time is now\", revealed how they were afraid to even enter a police station since they were unsure how they would be treated by the cops inside. \"We would rather carry pepper and chilly sprays or arm ourselves to fight goonda elements rather than go inside a police station,\" said one of them during the discussion.Gradually, the talk veered around making the cops people friendly and sensitive towards society's problems. \"We have now planned a meeting next month with the idea of modernizing the Gujarat police force so that they become more responsive towards citizens' needs,\" said Rajeev Patel, one of the organizers.Meanwhile, girl students of a private educational institution took out a candle march from Chakli circle to Ellora Park, demanding safe society for women. Carrying the banners of 'Girls United', the students marched holding candles in their hands and demanded justice for the rape victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17714251", "title": "Fracas mars Dabangg show", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A bunch of young fans of Salman Khan had to visit the real police station as they created a fracas in the first day first show of Dabangg 2 at City Gold on Ashram Road on Friday morning. While no complaint was filed, Navrangpura police called up parents of the teens before releasing them.A group of seven teens, all students of FD High School in Juhapura, had come to watch the Salman-starrer on Friday morning. As the movie started, the teens, aged between 16 and 17 years, targeted a collegian couple seated in the row ahead and started passing lewd comments. When the youth scolded them, the group asked him to leave the theatre.\"The comments enraged the youth and he slapped the boy. When the other teens attacked the youth, some members of the audience came to his rescue and beat up the teens. Soon, the show was halted as the multiplex manager and staff rushed to the spot and called up police. We brought the couple and teens to the police station for questioning,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Later, the teens were allowed to go as the couple refused to file a complaint in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "sibrampur (south 24-parganas)", "code": "17714340", "title": "Locals send failed girls' boyfriends packing", "text": "SIBRAMPUR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): While the administration ties itself in knots over the school agitations that are spreading like wildfire, local people in an otherwise peaceful neighbourhood showed the siege brigade that they are ready to fight for their school and the teachers.And fight they did. Fists and kicks flew about as locals clashed with a mob outside Sibrampur Nanilal Vidyapeeth and drove them out. What was bizarre about this siege was that it was led by the boyfriends of some of the failed girls.The mob had started protesting at the school gates in the afternoon. The pre-test results for the higher secondary exams were published on Friday. Eighteen of the 97 students had failed to clear the examination in humanities while three science students were detained. The majority of them were girls with scores 20 in every subject.On Monday the failed students met the headmaster and requested him to allow them to appear in the examination. They repeated the request aggressively the next day. On Wednesday they demanded to see their answerscripts which was turned down by the school authorities. Finally, on Friday, the tension gave way to violence. Frustrated by the school's tough stand, they started a gherao of the headmaster, teachers and even guardians.Around 1pm outsiders arrived on bikes, stormed into the school and locked the gates. Local resident Swarup Pan protested against the hooliganism, but was beaten up. So was a friend. News of this spread in the locality and residents joined forces against the mob. They broke the locks, rescued the teachers and chased away the mob.Koustav Banerjee, a local said, \"After hearing the conversation among the outsiders who demonstrated we could identify them as students from a local college. They were also connected with the agitated students and hence came to assist them. Some of the failed girl students who were demonstrating fled from the spot after being chased away on the bikes of those outsiders.\"Headmaster Madan Mohan Mahapatra said, \"We will not budge before their demands. It is unjust. We follow strict rules for promotions and won't make any exceptions. This is indeed an unfortunate incident.\" School managing committee secretary Ashok Kumar Mondal said: \"The next time we will be forced to inform the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17715334", "title": "Hardware shop burgled in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Shabbir Attar of Bazarmol-Ponda complained to Ponda police that unknown persons stole 1.30 lakh from his shop at Panditwada-Ponda.Attar is a native of Khanapur-Karnataka and has settled in Ponda since the last several years. Police said they found fingerprints at the crime scene and it would be matched with filed fingerprints of criminals nabbed earlier and history-sheeters to trace the accused.Attar told police that when he went to open his hardware shop on Friday morning, he found a table drawer open and the amount he had kept to pay a goods supplier was missing.He also found that an iron grill and glass attached to a ventilator of the shop was removed. He subsequently informed the Ponda police. Police suspect that the accused could have entered into the shop from the ventilator during the intervening night of Thursday and Friday.A case has been booked under Sections 457 (house breaking during night) and 380 (theft within a dwelling) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713946", "title": "7 injured in blaze on ship", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven persons were injured in a major fire that erupted on an old ship that was docked in the breaking yard at Dockyard on Friday.The Japanese-make ship, which was used to carry oil, was being broken by private ship-breakers who were using gas-cutters. A police officer said they had booked the contractors under sections of the IPC for negligence and for not taking safety measures while the ship-cutting was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17713247", "title": "'Professionals, better marketing can help improve Indian sport'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gloomy state of affairs in Indian sports has seen an increasing demand for transparency in the way our sports bodies are being run. This point was highlighted by several speakers at a debate organised by the Confederation of Indian Industries on Friday.They said that sports bodies should be run by professionals and that there was a need to usher in private players in the sports sector. The speakers said that this would help sports become an integral part of the country's economic framework and that a public-private partnership would improve the overall situation.\"Some minimum practices and criteria need to be followed. There must be transparency and accountability... more sportspersons should be included in sports bodies,\" sports minister Jitendra Singh said. \"The main issues are identifying talented sportspersons and training them. There is a need for a proper structure and the ministry and public need to support sportspersons,\" he added.Olympic silver medalist Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore stressed upon the importance of marketing Indian sports. \"Other sports started well ahead of cricket. They should have marketed their disciplines well, the way cricket did after winning the World Cup in 1983. Hence, marketing in every sport is vital.\"Insisting that cricket is not the only sport in which our players have performed well, some speakers like ONGC general manager VK Mahendru spoke in favour of privatization and corporate support in other sports as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720168", "title": "IVRCL to manage track construction work", "text": "INDORE: Once operational, the Indore facility will be able to test even those sports vehicles that can run at a speed ranging between 250 km/hour and 375 km/hour. Karupaiah said such vehicles have not come to the country as yet and we have included the facility keeping in mind the future requirement. The project management consultancy job for the Indore project is being done by RITES. Track construction work has been assigned to the IVRCL.The facilities to come up in Indore are for testing automotive performance, maximum speed, acceleration, gradability, noise level, vibration, right comfort, steering effort, handling dynamic stability and accelerate endurance testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17717093", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Police use water cannons on protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Saturday used tear gas and water cannons to disperse protesters who were marching towards the Rashtrapati Bhavan demanding justice for the 23-year-old gang rape victim.According to TV reports, police have arrested many protesters and have blocked roads leading towards the Rashtrapati Bhavan.The protesters, however, braved the water cannons in the winter chill and refused to leave the high-security area. They continued to chant slogans demanding justice for the 23-year-old victim.Police also resorted to force and burst tear gas shells against the young protesters to break their ranks. The entire area was filled with tear gas.One girl was injured in the melee. She was taken to hospital. A police bus was damaged by the protesters.Earlier, hundreds of young students on Saturday marched towards Rashtrapati Bhavan as protests demanding justice for the 23-year-old gang rape victim continued for the sixth day, with former Army Chief V K Singh joining the protesters at India Gate.The youths gathered at India Gate on Saturday morning and marched through Rajpath towards Raisina Hills where Rashtrapati Bhavan, Prime Minister's Office and home ministry are located.The young students broke security cordons erected on Rajpath and managed to reach near Raisina Hills where they were stopped.On Friday, the capital also saw protesters march towards Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"You see this problem is because of systemic failure of governance. Police reforms have been lying in cold storage for the last so many years. Why haven't they done anything about it? Why do we have to hear such things from a police commissioner saying that he doesn't have man-power? It is shameful,\" Singh said.\"Why do you have to see the spectacle on television where ministry of home officials have to go out on the streets checking things? Isn't there a failure? This needs to be addressed. This failure comes because of political and bureaucratic apathy in this country,\" the former Army chief said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719152", "title": "Sonam Kapoor is rooting for Ranbir, Vidya", "text": "When Sonam Kapoor joined the editor of Filmfare Jitesh Pillaii to address the media in Bangalore about the 58th Idea Filmfare Awards 2012, to be held on January 20, 2013 at the YRF Studios, Mumbai, all that she excitedly talked about was how she grew up reading the magazine and her picks for the Best Actor and Actress category.Sonam, who came, dressed demurely in a pale lime green sari, sporting a brooch and hair done up to give her a retro look, was asked about her choice of attire and she said, \"It's a sari designed by a friend,which I like. What I wear depends on my mood.\"The actress, who was making the Filmfare awards announcement for a second time in her five-year-old career, added, \"When I was young, I loved reading Filmfare, but I would have to sneak it in, as film magazines were not allowed at home.\" And she didn't have to think twice before announcing her favourites for the Best Actor and Actress category. \"It has to be Ranbir Kapoor for Barfi! . He was the best. In the Best Actress segment it will have to be Vidya Balan for Kahaani ,\" she said.Sonam, who is currently busy with four projects, Ranjhanaa, Khubsoorat, and an untitled film with YRF, also said that she was looking forward to spending the festive season in Goa with her family. \"This is the only time when all of us are free for three to four days at a stretch, so we will all just head to Goa and holiday,\" she said.The actress has also pledged to auction 50 designer pieces from her wardrobe. \"There are pieces by very many designers, which will be auctioned off. The proceeds of the sale go to the Smile Foundation,\" Sonam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17715336", "title": "BSNL control room at Verna gutted in fire, loss put at Rs 22 lakh", "text": "VASCO: The control room of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) was completely gutted and its tower almost destroyed in a fire that broke out on Friday morning which caused a total loss estimated at 22 lakh.V Parni, station fire officer, Verna said \"We managed to save property worth 3 lakh.\"At about 10.15am on Friday, Verna fire station received a call about a major fire at the control room of BSNL, situated atop the hill behind Fr Agnel Ashram, Verna.The control room is built in a hilly region with no access for even a two-wheeler to reach there. The firefighters had to climb up the 2.5 km hill. They carried two fire extinguishers along with them. Parni said, \"When we reached the site, the control room was gutted and half of the tower's wiring was burnt.\" About 25 m of wiring was burnt and the remaining 25 m was saved, he said. Fire fighters used a ladder kept at the BNSL premises and extinguished the fire.Officials also reported that alongwith the BSNL tower, antennas of other private mobile companies were also badly damaged. Two security guards on duty told fire officials that there was a current failure in the morning and later when it was restored, there was a small short circuit in the control room, which caused the fire.Parni said, \"There was absolutely no first aid fire service, the initial fire could have been controlled with the help of an extinguisher.\" There was not even a bucket of water nearby, he added.Network service to mobile users in the close vicinity, especially in Nuvem, Majorda and Verna area was hampered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17713934", "title": "High court seeks report on lion deaths at Nahargarh rescue centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has sought details on the two lions who reportedly died at the Nahargarh rescue centre recently due to lack of care. A bench of Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma asked for the details on the basis of a request made by lawyers during the hearing of Hingonia cowshed case on Friday.As senior forest officials were present in the courtroom for the cowshed case in which irregularities are alleged in its upkeep, lawyers P C Bhandari and Lalit Sharma also brought the issue of lions' death. Justice Sharma promptly directed the forest officers to inform the court about the number of lions at the rescue centre, their names and age and who their caretakers are.The details are to be submitted to court by January 15, 2013.As for the upkeep of cows at Hingonia shed, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) told court that it would deploy 50 more men for the purpose. In response to a court query, JMC CEO Jagroop Singh Yadav informed the bench that one person was needed to look after 25 cows. The official assured the court on deputing adequate maintenance staff at the cowshed. It was also committed that the number of vehicles engaged in picking up stray cows would be increased to six.Justice Sharma directed the Kanota police station to depute a policeman to visit the cowshed twice everyday to ensure that the animals were looked after well. He would also record his visit details in the police station's daily register (rojnaamcha), the court ordered.On the complaint that some people were illegally taking away milch cows from the shed and replacing those with non-productive ones, Justice Sharma ordered the Kanota police station staff to check this with assistance from the cowshed commissioner.The court was further assured by JMC about providing 16 LED lights at the cowshed by January 31, 2013. The civic body has already put in place two high-mast lights at the shed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17715190", "title": "'Remove reservation if it failed to achieve objective'", "text": "LUCKNOW: After opposition by the Samajwadi Party and Shiv Sena , it was the turn of the Rashtriya Lok Dal , one of the key allies of the Congress-led UPA government, to oppose the controversial quota in promotion bill.Speaking to reporters in Lucknow, RLD national president, Ajit Singh said that his party was not taken into confidence while the bill was drafted. \"The bill in its present form will not only create divisions within the society, but would completely hamper smooth functioning of the government departments,\" he said.Singh, who is also the Union civil aviation minister, said that stakeholders should have been consulted during the drafting of the bill. \"But that was never done, hence the crisis exist,\" said Singh, Lok Sabha MP from Baghpat. \"There is a Supreme Court order, which should be looked into before any such bill is drafted,\" he said, and added, \"I support reservation. But that should not come at the cost of others. Reservation at the recruitment stage is acceptable. But not beyond that,\" he said. In fact, Singh was of the view that reservation should be done away with altogether, if it has failed to achieve its objective.Singh's assertion came a day after the contentious bill could not clear the Lok Sabha hurdle, even though it had a smooth sail in the Rajya Sabha only four days ago. Significantly, while RLD has five MPs in the Lok Sabha it has no representation in the upper house. The bill is believed to be tabled in the next session of the Lok Sabha, scheduled to be convened during the budget session due next year.Not surprisingly, RLD's open opposition to the bill may cause some concern to the Congress-led UPA government which, until recently, found itself in the doldrums with both SP and BSP pulling it in different directions over the issue. While SP was completely opposed to the bill citing it against 'natural justice', the BSP has been pressing for it.The BJP too saw fissures growing within its ranks with UP state leadership expressing reservations with the national leaders over their support to the bill in the Rajya Sabha. This not only created a political crisis, but also kicked up a storm provoking 18 lakh UP government employees, essentially from the general and the OBC category, to go on a strike. The eight-day long strike, not only paralysed the government functioning, but also stalled various crucial projects in the state and caused tremendous financial loss to the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718382", "title": "Sasikumar scores a century", "text": "Sasikumar's latest release Sundarapandian has managed to complete ten years at the Box Office. This movie, which raked in the moolah at the BO was a typical Sasikumar drama, based on love and friendship in a rural setting.Lakshmi Menon , the lead actress of the film became became a name to reckon with after the film. The film also had actors including Vijay Sethupathy, Parotta Soori and Appukutty. The film was made by debutante director SR Prabhakaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "17718774", "title": "Independent helped BJP win in Dediapada", "text": "BHARUCH: The tribal dominated constituency of Dediapada in Narmada district has been won by ruling BJP after 17 years. Motilala Vasava of BJP won the seat with a margin of 2,555 votes. He defeated Congress' sitting MLA Amarsinh Vasava. This seat was twice won by Janata Dal (U) in 1998 and 2002. Motilal Vasava was elected from here in 1995 as a BJP candidate.Independent candidate Suresh Vasava got 10,212 votes while BSP, GPP, SP and four other candidates 11,714 votes. The BJP candidate secured 56,471, Congress 53,916 and JD (U) 20,109 votes. This means 42,035 votes were taken away by candidates other than those belonging to BJP and Congress. A total of 1.52 lakh votes had been cast in this constituency.\"Tribals in Dediapada know whom to vote and that is the reason the independent and others got these many votes,\" said Rushi Dave, a political analyst based at Bharuch. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17714000", "title": "Policies aimed to benefit rural population: Kataria", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister Lalchand Kataria, minister of state for rural development and minister of state for corporate affairs, Sachin Pilot addressed a rally of farmers on Friday at Virat Nagar on the city outskirts. Addressing the rally Pilot said that the problem of sanitation in schools will be solved soon. \"Government has requested the corporate houses to construct toilets in the schools as a part of their corporate social responsibility (CSR). This is to ensure that girls do not have to drop out from schools due to lack of toilets\" said Pilot. Issue of lack of hygiene and sanitation has been a major contributing factor for high dropouts among school-going girls.Meanwhile, Kataria in his speech stressed that the Central government is committed to bring about development in the rural areas. \"Most of our policies are targeted to benefit the population in rural areas, be it MGNREGA or direct cash subsidy\". He added, \"One should be aware of the schemes that the Central or state government is running for you. Take maximum benefit out of it\".Two Central leaders sharing the dais ahead of polls indicates that the party is gearing up for the elections to be held in 2013 end.\"The frequent visits of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to launch various schemes signifies the state's importance for the Centre. We our also fortunate to host 'Chintan Shivir' in January where all the top leaders will be present. All this will only help the party in the state,\" said a senior state Congress official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17714404", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority official took bribe, held", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Friday arrested a first division assistant with the Bangalore Development Authority's (BDA) land acquisition division for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000.The official took the amount to sanction and pay compensation for a land acquired by the authority.Rangaswamy was trapped on Friday while accepting the bribe amount from a resident of Bilekallahalli near Begur in South Bangalore, explained HNS Rao, Lokayukta additional director general of police.The complainant's 16 guntas of land was acquired by the civic body for a fixed compensation. To disburse that, Rangaswamy initially demanded a bribe of Rs 50,000 which was later brought down to Rs 20,000. Lokayukta police caught him when he was taking the bribe from the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714708", "title": "Plant to make forged wheels for railways to come up in Rae Bareli", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Rail Coach Factory, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's Lok Sabha constituency will get another gift from railways with the national transporter signing a pact with state-owned Rashtriya Ispat Nigam (RINL) to manufacture forged wheels in Rae Bareli.The proposed plant will come up near the existing Rail Coach Factory at Lalgunj in Rae Bareli at an investment of Rs 1,000 crore, railway minister Pawan Bansal said after signing the MoU.The forged wheel manufacturing plant will help in reducing dependence on imports, currently pegged at around Rs 350 crore every year and will ensure employment for locals.\"It will provide an employment of 500 to 600,\" steel minister Beni Prasad Verma said, adding that the project will be a win-win for both railways and the steel manufacturer.Railways need about 70,000 wheels a year and a little over 70% of it is met through imports, roughly at a cost of around Rs 70,000 a wheel.The demand for such wheels is set to go up to one lakh by 2016-17 as more wagons and coaches will be pressed into service in the coming years.The proposed factory having a capacity of manufacturing 1,00,000 wheels in a year will be the largest of its kind in India.RINL, a PSU under the steel ministry, will set up the plant on 27 acres of land to be provided by railways, which will also ensure full offtake from the plant.\"The wheel factory along with the coach factory will generate good employment opportunities in the area. There will be also a new colony coming up for the Rae Bareli factory employees,\" Bansal said.Railways signed another pact with state-owned iron ore miner NMDC for doubling the 150 km rail line from Kirandul to Jagadalpur in Chhattisgarh at a cost of Rs 826 crore, to be funded by NMDC.\"The doubling work will facilitate more transportation of goods like iron ore which will create additional capacity and benefit the area,\" Bansal said, adding, \"NMDC will get freight rebate from the railways.\"\"The doubling of line will usher in an era of growth dedicated to the service of the nation. This will also help in transforming the lives of the local tribal people in Bastar in Chhattisgarh and adjacent states of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17717302", "title": "Derailment affects train services", "text": "KOLKATA: Train services to and from Howrah and Sealdah were severely affected on Friday evening due to the derailment of four loaded bogies of a goods train near Andal in the Asansol division of Eastern Railway.The derailment took place around 5.20 pm, blocking three of the four lines. Several trains were affected as railway officials struggled to accomodate them through the only available line. The worst affected were Howrah -bound passengers who had expected to reach home in trains like the Black Diamond Express. These trains were delayed by several hours each and passengers would reach Howrah at hours when there was little hope of getting public transport.\"We worked fast and got two lines cleared within an hour. We could pass trains through three lines after that and the situation improved. However, some trains got delayed,\" an Eastern Railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17714636", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Rage spills on to virtual world", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The brutal gang rape of a medical student in Delhi has left city residents pouring out their angst on social networking sites.City residents have been using the medium to express their anger and demand stringent punishment against the accused. Around 1,600 people responded to the 'March for the girl who was raped badly' event Ujjval Bhasin created on Facebook. \"What punishment would you suggest for the perpetrators of the heinous gang rape crime in a Delhi bus?\" asked Satish Chander Sharma, chairman, Chandigarh Group Housing Cooperative Societies Welfare Council.Call for justice gets shrillerThe brutal gang rape of a college student in Delhi has shaken the city residents, who do not wish to settle for anything less than the strictest possible punishment. Protests and candle light vigils continued to condemn the incident in the city on Friday.The doctors and trainees from PGI joined in and carried out a rally from PGI to Matka Chowk. While the employees of various IT companies and their families gathered at IT Park to light candles, students of DAV College took out a rally wearing black clothes from Sector 10 to Sector 17 Plaza.The new lake at Sector 42 witnessed another candlelight march, where Panjab University students gathered to demand justice for the survivor of the brutal crime. \"Usually, such agitations are lost to political moves and interests, but we will ensure justice is served in the case this time,\" said Sector 27 resident Surbhi Gupta. It is not just about justice but also an awareness movement of sorts across the country, felt Manmeet Sakshi, a PU student participating in the candle march. \"These campaigns will move the people and make more and more of them aware about fighting for their rights and justice,\" she added.Balraj Singh of SD College said, \"We can not change the way people think and behave with women, but can at least try our best to get justice to the innocent victim. This would ensure the country witnesses no more such heinous crimes against women.\"\"People have the right to come on roads and protest when there is a need. We are here to practice our right to justice,\" said Shagun Sharma, who resides in Sector 42. At IT Park, many observed the second day of a silent protest, standing at the IT Park lightpoint near DT mall. Many homemakers from Mansa Devi Complex in Sector 4, Panchkula, participated in the protest to send a message across to the society that such crimes will be tolerated no more. The women, along with their kids, were joined by many IT professionals as well.\"This is a time when this heinous crime has drawn every one's attention and we are here to join this democratic voice against the injustice doled out to women in this country,\" said Reeta Arora, a participant.The protesters held placards with outreaching messages, which motivated onlookers like Rohit Dogra of Sector 70 to join the protests. Jatinder Bhambri, an IT professional from Manimajra, said he went to join the silent protest as soon as he learnt about it and spent his lunch break holding placards in protest. The rally taken out by DAV College Students culminated at Leisure Valley after passing through Sector 17 Plaza. \"We are voicing our dissent with the treatment meted out to women in this country by wearing black. The government needs to amend the laws and order harder punishment to such criminals,\" said Rakesh Kumar, a student.'Teach boys to be human'The brutal gang rape of a medical student in Delhi has left city residents pouring out their angst on social networking sites. A page called, 'Movement for Change', which has illustrations of rape accused being castrated has garnered generous public support. \"Teach boys to become human and not merely men. I will teach my boy that he just cannot drop his pants every time he sees a girl,\" reads a post on \"Slut Walk Delhi\" page on Facebook. Another Facebook page dedicated to the Delhi gang rape victim and also to rape victims across the country is a platform to pray for them. People's wishes have been pouring in for the post saying, \"I want to live... says Delhi gang rape victim.\" There's also a community page demanding capital punishment for people accused of rape and molestation. The virtual reaction is a reflection of the deep impact the heinous crime has made on the public psyche. Angry citizens across all age groups want exemplary punishment for the accused so that such incidents are never repeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714107", "title": "Railways to deploy 750 special trains for Kumbh Mela", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways is gearing up to facilitate the rush of passengers during the Maha Kumbh Mela at Allahabad in February and is expected to run around 750 special trains and make arrangements for additional 1,800 coaches to ensure seamless travel for devotees.As railways is expecting a rush of around 8.30 crore people during the Kumbh Mela, the state transporter is working on enhancing the capacity of around 100 existing trains by adding more coaches to ferry passengers traveling to the holy city apart from running special trains.\"We are pooling around 1,800 additional coaches from all 16 zones,\" P Guha, executive director (coaching), Railway Board, said.According to estimates, around three crore devotees are expected to visit Allahabad on Mauni Amawasya (February 10).Around 133 additional booking, enquiry and reservation counters will be opened in Allahabad, Naini, Sangam, Prayag and Vindhyachal.Considering the enormous task, a mela adhikari (officer) has been appointed by the railways to coordinate with other agencies involved in making the arrangements.Railway minister Pawan Bansal accompanied by railway board chairman and other members went to Allahabad on Tuesday to take stock of the preparations.Railways has charted out comprehensive traffic movement plan during the Mela period around the holy city.Security aspect has been given priority and a control room has been set up from where security personnel will keep watch on the activities of suspicious elements through CCTVs installed at various places.The transporter is also emphasizing on maintaining cleanliness on stations and its premises during the Mela.Considering the huge rush of passengers during Kumbh, railways is making arrangements with stress on passenger amenities including electronic display boards, passenger announcement system, construction of adequate number of ticket counters and toilets/urinals for the large number of pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718847", "title": "Rajeev wants audience to get sleepless nights", "text": "Actor Rajeev Khandelwal says he had a sleepless night after reading the script of \"Table No. 21\", and he chose to do the film since he wanted to pass on the same feeling to the audience.\"What excited me was the premise in which the story has been told. Secondly, I don't normally read or hear such films. It is rare that you are not able to sleep after reading a script.\"But I had a sleepless night (after reading 'Table No.21' ), and I thought I'm going to give sleepless nights to the audience,\" the 37-year-old said in an interview.The movie also features actress Tena Desae, who has done some bold scenes in the film.Tena says she was nervous about the kissing scene as she did not want it to look vulgar and cheap.\"The kissing scene was important to make sure it came out passionate and not sloppy. I wanted to make sure it comes out looking good,\" Tena said in an interview.However, she admits it was not easy.\"It was a challenge because I am shy about these things and we were shooting on a street, which had 2,000 to 3,000 people watching us. I was freaking out,\" she said.Rajeev and Tena play a newly married couple in the film. Directed by Aditya Datt , \"Table No. 21\" will release Jan 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714803", "title": "Council deputy chairman pulls up police for inaction", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rebuke to government, deputy chairman in council Vasant Daokhare raised concern over safety of citizens and questioned the role of police. He was responding to a discussion on encroachment on west side of Bandra-Worli Sea Link, which was not removed despite his orders in the upper house during last session.He blasted the police for their failure to provide protection to anti-encroachment staff of BMC and MMRDA that had sought police help for removing about 200 slums. \"We might even get killed someday due to police inaction,\" a furious chairman said while flaying the police as a security guard was murdered allegedly by the slum dwellers. \"Who promoted those slums? Are the Bandra police hand-in-glove with the slum dwellers,\" he asked the minister for state for home Satej Patil.Daokhare and other members including Ashish Shelar and Ram Padangale sought immediate police action and eviction of slum dwellers from the area. Patil assured the house to take immediate action. Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav informed that action of eviction had been initiated.Many issues like confusion of students over NEET and liquor ban in Chandrapur were raised by the members through points of propriety. Shobhatai Fadnavis raise the issue of Gadchiroli tribals not getting suitable price for their produce terming it as injustice. Mohan Joshi expressed concern over 77% rise in cyber crime cases in Pune. Dr Deepak Sawant stated students from the state were confused on fate of NEET exam. He alleged the government was not providing information to the students while the court had stated their results would not be declared. Ramdas Kadam raised the issue of hefty donations charged by private medical college in Ratnagiri while NG Ganar demanded clarification from the government on the school census.Ramesh Shendge claimed despite ban on Gutkha by the government, the products continued to sell, though clandestinely. He claimed those were sold in black market for Rs15-20 while their price was Rs2 per sachet. He informed that the Gutkha worth Rs18.22 crore was seized during a raid but government failed to take strict action against manufacturers.Neelam Gorhe raised issue of making Chandrapur a dry-district like Wardha following a demand from large number of women. She informed that about 5,000 women under Shramik Elgar president Paromita Goswami had walked all the way to Nagpur with the demand. Moreover, 580 of about 800 gram sabhas had also passed a resolution to make their village liquor free, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17719021", "title": "Bokaro cops gear up to ensure security", "text": "BOKARO: Women police on Friday launched a drive in the vicinity of educational institutions in town to keep tabs on sexual harassment incidents. They also patrolled the City Park and asked the young girls and boys not to visit the place alone to avoid any untoward incident.The security personnel caught some men consuming liquor and staring at couples in the park. However, they were released after doing some sit-ups. Majority of the people spotted in the park were minor school students.The women police conducting the drive not only remained vigilant at the sensitive points of the town but also met girl students in schools and asked them not to feel insecure and to call up the \"anti-eve teasing cell\" helpline number at 06542-220016 whenever necessary. The Delhi gang rape incident and chief minister Arjun Munda's recent directive to police to take effective measures to curb sexual harassment has forced Bokaro police to restructure its \"anti-eve teasing cell\" and launch a drive in the city.SP Kuldeep Dwivedi directed officer in-charge of women's police station Pusplata to maintain special vigil at sensitive places and quickly respond to complaints received on helpline numbers and email. Dwivedi also asked the tiger mobiles to step up patrolling near the educational institutions to curb harassment incidents with school and college going girls. Following the directive, a women's police team patrolled the area in the vicinity of more than six educational institutions Women's College, Delhi Public School, Chinmaya Vidyalya, Ayyappa Public School, Saraswati Vidya Mandir and others in town.A Class IX student of Chinmaya Vidyalaya said she told police about obscene messages coming on her cellphone from an unknown number. She noted the cellphone number and handed over to police woman. Pusplata said, \"Interaction with the girl students was fruitful as many of them informed us about the obscene calls received by them. We assured them of providing every possible help without disclosing their identities. We also gave them our helpline numbers so that they could call us anytime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17718161", "title": "City hosts inter-university cricket tournament", "text": "VADODARA: Over 54 teams from five states are battling it out in the Western Zone Inter-University Cricket Tournament that began in the city on Wednesday. The tourney is being held under the aegis of Association of Indian Universities, New Delhi. Cricket teams from Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh (MP) are participating in the tournament that is popular among university students.The city is hosting this tournament after 12 years. \"The tournament will end on December 27 when the finals will be held. A prize distribution ceremony too has been organized on the same day. The matches are being played in nine different grounds in the city. Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) is providing us logistical support,\" said P B Thumar, director, physical education department, M S University (MSU).According to MSU officials, the matches are being played at D N Hall Ground in MSU, Maharaja Pratapsinh Coronation Gymkhana's two grounds, Alembic's two grounds, Gujarat Refinery Ground, Bhutadizampa Ground, Morbaug Ground managed by Postal Department and Western Railway Cricket Ground. \"More than 1,000 university players are participating in the tournament that will witness 54 matches on knock-out basis,\" Thumar, who is also organizing secretary of the tournament, added.Over 50 match officials are handling the tournament with the help of 80 members of MSU staff. The four winner teams will qualify for inter-zonal tournament finals of which will be played in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713940", "title": "Chargesheet to be filed soon in Mumbai varsity paper leak case", "text": "MUMBAI: Chargesheet to be filed soon in Mumbai varsity paper leak caseThe city crime branch is all set to file a chargesheet in the Mumbai University question paper leak case.Sources said the cyber crime investigating cell (CCIC) on Friday approached the 37th metropolitan magistrate court to file the chargesheet but the process was held up for technical reasons. Inspector S Ghosalkar of the CCIC said they have compiled the report and will file the chargesheet on Wednesday, after Christmas.Sources said the chargesheet runs into more than 650 pages, with forensic science laboratory (FSL) reports of handwriting samples and MU reports, and there are around 24 witnesses in the case.The police were tightlipped but reports said that one of the accused professors may turn approver. \"The chargesheet will be against 14 accused, who will be charged under sections of the IPC for cheating, forgery and breach of trust, and a stringent section of the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices of University, Board and other Specified Examination Act,'' said Himanshu Roy, JCP (crime). In June, the crime branch had arrested 14 persons, including two professors of a Karjat college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17718061", "title": "If you\u00e2\u20ac\u2122re reading this, we survived", "text": "Residents of Planet Earth heaved a sigh of relief as the world did not, as had been predicted based on the Mayan calendar, end on Friday .However, going by the number of apocalypse parties that had been planned, a vast majority are probably nursing giant hangovers, the kind that can leave one wishing the world had, indeed, ended.In Merida, Mexico, spiritualists prepared white clothes, drums, conch shells and incense ahead of the sunrise they believed would herald the birth of a new and better age as a vast, 5,125-year cycle in the Mayan calendar came to an end.Little of note happened on Friday though. Bill Leith, the US Geological Survey's senior science adviser for earthquake and geologic hazards, said that by late Thursday, absolutely nothing out of the ordinary had been detected in seismic activities, solar flares, volcanos or the Earth's geomagnetic field. There had been about 120 small earthquakes and a moderate temblor in Japan, he said: \"That's very much a normal day.\"A normal day that put some extraordinary people, places and plans in the spotlight. Read on (unless, of course, the world has ended).Bugarach, FranceAccording to legend, a sleepy town in southern France, home to 198 villagers, was supposed to be the only safe place in the world in the event of an apocalypse. Termed the \"doomsday\" village (its curious 'upside down' mountain offers protection, apart from serving as a vast underground car park for UFOs), Bugarach was buzzing with activity all week, with over 250 journalists - some from as far away as China - landing up to report on the end of the world (only, of course, if it didn't happen). Earlier in the week, Jean-Pierre Delord, the mayor of Bugarach, had this to say: \"I am making an appeal to the world - do not come to Bugarach.\" Not many seemed to have paid heed.According to reports, French police had to stop at least two raves in the area, and stopped several people's attempts at reaching the peak of its 1,230 metre mountain. Spoilsports.Washington, USAReports from Washington suggested a large group of Americans posted personal ads online in search of \"End of the World\" sex. Men really will try anything.\"One last end of world romp\", was the title of one post, authored by a purported 38-year-old man from Virginia on the classified advertisement website Craigslist.\"Looking for some fun tonight with a good looking girl before the world ends! :),\" wrote a selfdescribed 30-year-old Asian man in New York City. \"Please reply with a pic and the subject 'doom' so I know you're real,\" he said in the Craigslist ad.Women were getting in on the action as well, posting ads in search of \"End of the World Party \" dates and hookups on Craigslist and the online dating site OkCupid, the New York Post reported.\"If I die, I don't want to die on a dry spell!\" model Niki Ghazian told The Post. \"Everybody should go out feeling satisfied,\" said Ghazian. \"If the world's gonna end, why hold back?\"Yeah, whatever.Sydney , AustraliaWith Australia one of the first countries to see the sun rise on what was supposed to be the end of days, Tourism Australia's Facebook page was bombarded with posts asking if anyone survived Down Under. \"Yes, we're alive,\" the organisation responded to fretting users.For those who missed it, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard had set the nation's satirical tone earlier this month with a oneminute spoof address recorded for a youth radio station. \"My dear remaining fellow Australians, the end of the world is coming,\" she intoned.\"Whether the final blow comes from flesh-eating zombies, demonic hell-beasts or from the total triumph of K-Pop, if you know one thing about me it is this -- I will always fight for you to the very end.\"Varanasi, IndiaThreatened by rumours of doomsday, devotees and tourists thronged the holy city of Varanasi to offer prayers.\"Due to the doomsday rumours that are circulating, people are coming to Varanasi because they believe that as this city is indestructible, even on doomsday it won't be destroyed,\"said Kishore Nath, a priest. Hence people are coming here for their safety\". Some also believe that if it is in fact doomsday and they die, they would achieve salvation if they die in Varanasi.\"The VaticanThe Vatican's official daily newspaper, L'Osservatore Romano went with a front-page headline saying: \"The end is not nigh - at least for now\". In an editorial, Rev Jose Gabriel Funes, the director of the Vatican Observatory, criticized \"pseudo-prophecies\" about the end of the Universe .\"In the media and on the internet there is a great deal of talk of the end of the world, which the Mayan calendar supposedly predicted for Dec 21. If you do a search on Google, you get 40 million results on the topic,\" the Christian Science Monitor quoted Father Funes, a Jesuit priest from Argentina, as writing.Hmmm, so even they Google for answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17714926", "title": "If justice is delayed, it's probably stuck in traffic!", "text": "NAGPUR: In the era of doorstep delivery of goods and services, the latest addition is justice. Lok Adalat camps are always organized in district court campuses across the state and get good response from litigants looking for amicable settlements.Come January 1 and Lok Adalat is going mobile in an effort to reach litigants' doorstep. A specially designed van, basically a court-on-wheels, will start driving into pre-decided areas in both the city and outside and try to settle disputes. Senior civil judge and secretary of District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) Kishore Jaiswal said, \"the van resembles a courtroom with facilities for computer, printing and storage of files. We will have three judicial officers, lawyers, social activists, law students and teachers to assist the litigants.\"DLSA has held meetings with city police and segregated litigants according to police station jurisdictions. Each day from January 1, the Lok Adalat van will be stationed in these areas for a specific time where litigants can come. \"From January 6, we will start moving out to other areas in Nagpur district. We have already charted a plan to cover a majority of places by January 31,\" said Jaiswal.This is a state level initiative being kicked-off from Nagpur, he adds. \"We have been assigned to implement the Lok Adalat van campaign by the High Court. In the coming months, we will be visiting various places in entire Vidarbha to ensure most people get the benefit,\" said Jaiswal.DLSA has also been coordinating with traffic department to ensure other motorists were not inconvenienced when the Lok Adalat van stations itself in a particular area. \"Summons are being sent to litigants informing them of the location where the Lok Adalat van will be parked and its timings. We will also visit Central Jail to see if some of the matters of inmates could be settled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17720131", "title": "Goldsmith robbed of cash", "text": "INDORE: A gold-smith was looted of Rs 2,82,900 cash and gold worth Rs 6 lakh in Pandarinath area on Thursday evening. Police have arrested one accused in this regard.The victim Mahendra Baburao Kharote, 59, resident of Brij Vijhar colony, Annapurna owns a jewellery shop in Khargone and he informed police that his brother had send money through an acquaintance in a passenger bus. After he collected the money from the person at Sarvate bus stand while returning in the van near Gurudwara area, he suspected his bag to be light and checked for the cash. He later found that cash and jewellery were missing.He also informed cops present at nearby Chowki. Police arrested Iqbal Khan from the spot, however, his accomplice Shehzad managed to escape. Both accused are residents of Ujjain. During the interrogation, Iqbal confessed that he along with Shehzad has taken out the valuables including 109 gram gold worth Rs 6 lakh and Rs 2,82,900 cash from the bag. The police filed the case under Sec 379 of IPC. Police are looking out for another accused who were still at large.Meanwhile, officials said that it was hawala money that the applicant was carrying and will probably take action against its owner also.However, Mahendra said that this was transaction between family members. His brother has sent the money from Khargone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17714744", "title": "They fill a vacuum but violate spirit of charter", "text": "Over 8,000 registered contract buses ply in the city as chartered buses for schools, offices, tourist agencies and wedding parties. Colour-coded - green-yellow for local buses and white for interstate ones - these buses are supposed to be driven along a specified route. Of these, around 2,000 are white buses, standing near various office and market complexes to pick up passengers as they wait in vain for a DTC or cluster bus.What makes the chartered bus business lucrative is the fare - ranging between Rs 10 and Rs 50 depending on the destination - and the lack of any rights of the passenger. Lack of enforcement on the ground ensures that these buses thrive.S P Singh of Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT) says, \"The fact is that these chartered buses ply mostly as tourist buses, which, in turn, is controlled by tourist firms or travel agents. These travel agents or bus operator firms are mandated to be registered under the Delhi Motor Vehicle Rules, 1993. However, none of the travel agents or bus operators is registered with the Delhi government.\"According to Singh, registration of these firms is of immense importance as it will curtail the exploitation and unsafe operations that they are now carrying out.Sunday's horrific gang rape has finally got agencies cracking. On Wednesday, 142 private chartered buses were caught for violating Section 192-A of the Motor Vehicle Act (carrying passengers unauthorizedly). Another 97 were caught on Thursday. Police have sent the list of 142 buses to the transport department, asking it to cancel the permits. Most of these were found plying in south Delhi (118). Around 217 buses have been impounded.That chartered buses are thriving due to lack of enforcement by local enforcement agencies is apparent .Localities like Munirka, Dwarka , Nehru Place, Vasant Kunj, Dhaula Kuan, Badarpur, Malviya Nagar and several other areas in Delhi are infested with unauthorized chartered buses during the peak hours and late in the night.Lack of adequate DTC and cluster buses on these routes only adds to their greed. With few buses to be found late in the evening, the chartered buses prove to be the only solution for many commuters .Lack of any information on schedules also makes it impossible for people travelling by DTC and cluster buses to take an informed decision.Right to plyContract bus permits issued by transport dept: 8,000 (approx)Colour codes: Combination of yellowgreen for local routes; white for inter-stateWhite buses (approx): 2,000DTC buses plying in evening: 4,600 Chartered buses usually ply for schools, offi ces, tourist, weddings etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713904", "title": "Dadar sickle attack victim stable: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Sawantwadi resident Vijay Sangelkar was produced before a local court and was remanded to another three days on Friday. Sangelkar was arrested for attacking 25-year-old chartered accountancy student, Sonal Lapashiya, with a sickle in Dadar (E) on December 17. Sangelkar mistook Lapashiya for his wife and attacked her.Lapashiya has been moved out of the Bombay hospital ICU in Marine Lines. Doctors said she was improving and could go home in a few days. Lapashiya's condition is stable, but doctors said her fractures and cut wounds would take time to heal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17715119", "title": "Directors of Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited want more say in decision-making", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Vaishali Bankar and Prashant Jagtap, directors of Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML), demanded a change in the \"structure of PMPML's board of directors\" on Friday.Bankar, who is also a director on the PMPML board, and Jagtap said that they wanted more voices in the transport body's functioning. They were addressing a joint press conference on Friday.Bankar said that most of the directors are not able to participate in the decision making process. \"I have attended four board meetings and I have hardly had any say. Most of the directors are only signatory authorities for policy issues,\" Bankar said.She said that most directors were \"spectators\" in the meeting. \"They want to play a more active role, but most proposals reach them at the final stage,\" she said.Jagtap said that they would take up the issue to increase the power of the board during its next meeting. After getting the board's approval, a proposal would be sent to the state government.The directors also questioned the proposal to hire a private firm to run PMPML buses. Earlier, the PMPML had appointed private agencies that operated their own buses, which were taken on lease at rates ranging from Rs 18 to Rs 31 per km. Now, CNG-run buses procured by the PMPML are to be handed over to a private company for operation and maintenance. A proposal to appoint the private company is under consideration of the board of directors. Around 200 buses are to be handed over to the company according to the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713191", "title": "More voices speak against women's harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: New Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where a young medical student was gangraped on Sunday, and Mumbai's Dadar railway station are 1,400-odd km apart, yet so similar. Both locations hold the dubious distinction of being among the most unsafe spots for women commuters in urban India.Women's organisations will rally against sexual violence outside Dadar station Saturday. The groups will use battery-operated microphones to sing songs and shout slogans. The sorority includes organisations like FAOW, Akshara, Aawaz-e-Niswan, AIDWA, Sneha, LABIA, Stree Mukti Sangathana, YUVA, WRAG, VACHA and the Maharashtra Mahila Parishad.Meanwhile MP Priya Dutt is organising a rally at the Carter Road promenade at 5.30pm. The Aam Aadmi Party plans to picket the house of Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in Pali Hill. Organiser Mayank Gandhi is organising the agitation to demand that police personnel be deployed for the public, and not VIP security. The rallyists will assemble at Bandra railway station. Inspector Dattatraya Shankar Patil of Bandra police station told TOI, \"We have issued a notice to the organisers to desist. A minister's private residence is no place to protest. If they do go ahead, however, we will assess the situation and determine our course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17714295", "title": "Govt plans to introduce \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsin tax\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to curb use of alcohol, tobacco", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has mooted the introduction of a designated \"sin tax\" to finance a part of the health budget during the 12th five year plan (2012-2017).The 12th plan document, to be submitted to the National Development Council (NDC) presided over by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , says \"a sin tax can lead to reduced consumption of harmful items such as tobacco and alcohol and could be considered\".The NDC will meet on December 27 to discuss the 12th plan.The move is part of the health ministry's larger plan to combat non-communicable diseases like cardiovascular diseases, diabetes , cancers and chronic respiratory diseases which are emerging as major killers.The document for NDC says a package of policy interventions would be taken up which includes raising taxes on tobacco, enforcing ban on tobacco advertising in electronic media, counseling for quitting tobacco, early detection and effective control of high blood pressure and diabetes, screening for common and treatable cancers and salt reduction in processed foods.The Philippines pushed through a similar sin tax this week to boost taxes on cigarettes and liquor.Dr K Srinath Reddy from the Public Health Foundation of India said, \"It can only work if the sin tax collected does not go into the general revenue pool. It's a good idea and will lead to reduced consumption, specially among people with low disposable income, due to increased prices. The first budget of the National Rural Health Mission actually came from taxes from tobacco.\"Alcohol and tobacco are India's giant killers. Around 275 million Indians consume tobacco which has 3,095 chemical components \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 28 of which are proven carcinogens that can cause cancer . Around 2,500 people die every day due to tobacco related diseases in India.On the other hand, alcohol consumption is connected to more than 60 diseases. Around 25% of road accidents in India are alcohol-related. India spends nearly $5 billion every year to manage the consequences of alcohol use, which is more than its total excise earning \u00e2\u20ac\u201d $4.8 billion.At present, at an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Nearly 62.5 million people in India drink alcohol with the per capita consumption being around four litres per adult per year.According to the Planning Commission, general tax revenues would be the principle source of finance for publicly delivered health services supplemented by partnerships with the private sector and, contribution by corporates as a part of their corporate social responsibility.The commission has pitched for earmarking a part of the proposed 2% CSR allocation by companies for funding public healthcare facilities.The companies bill, passed by Lok Sabha this week, proposes that companies with a turnover of Rs 1,000 crore, net profit of Rs 5 crore or net worth of Rs 500 crore mandatorily spend 2% of their profits on CSR, while leaving it to companies to decide where they intend to spend the funds.The commission has said that once the bill is passed by Parliament, all publicly-funded healthcare facilities would be allowed to receive donations and funding from companies under the CSR head.According to the document, for financing the 12th plan, the projections envisage increasing total public funding, plan and non-plan, on core health from 1.04% of GDP in 2011-12 to 1.87% of GDP by the end of the 12th plan. In such an event, the funding in the central plan would increase to 3 times the 11th plan levels involving an annual increase by 34%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17715129", "title": "41 students fall ill after inhaling acid fumes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 50 persons, including 41 girl students, were hospitalised when they inhaled 'acidic' fumes at Bholakpur in Musheerabad area on Friday.According to the police, the incident took place at around 11 am in Anjuman Girls' High School in Bholakpur. Pungent fumes enveloped them all of a sudden after which they started vomiting and developed irritation in their eyes. Immediately, the school authorities called up 108 ambulance and 41 girls and 9 teachers were admitted to Gandhi Hospital.Musheerabad police said that ahead of Friday prayers, a worker at the mosque adjacent to the school had started cleaning the washrooms using acid. \"Since he used a huge quantity of acid without diluting it, the strong fumes emanating from it reached a few classrooms at Anjuman Girls' High School. The Class IX students were affected the most\", Musheerabad sub-inspector N Ram Laxman Raju said. Even as students were rushed to the hospital, panicked parents rushed to the school and took away their wards who were still in the school. Some of the students also suffered from allergies. However, no case was registered since the acid was not used deliberately.Doctors at Gandhi Hospital said that all the affected students were treated for vomiting, headache and giddiness. By late evening, most of the victims were discharged from the hospital. The condition of all the students was stable, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17713118", "title": "From Jan 1, 2nd class local travellers to pay more than 1st class in percentage terms", "text": "MUMBAI: The levying of surcharges on suburban rail transport is going to pinch more to second class commuters as compared to first class ticket holders if even he/she buys card ticket, monthly season ticket or quarterly season ticket.The card ticket will for a journey between Churchgate and Dadar will now cost Rs 8 as against the existing Rs 6 by second class and Rs 64 as compared to the prevalent Rs 60 by first class. It means a increase of 6.7 per cent in first class but a hike of almost 33 per cent in second class.Even for longer journey of 60 km the trend continues to remain more or less similar. A between Churchgate - Virar will second class journey will cost 14 per cent more as commuter willl have to shell out Rs 16 as against the existing Rs 14. For same distance, the first class fare hike is mere 3 per cent as the ticket will cost Rs 144 as against Rs 150 no.Even for the season ticket, the difference in terms of per centage hike between second class and first class in huge. The fare for second class monthly season ticket will be Rs 950 as against Rs 890 - an increase of 6.7 per cent. In second class journey the fare has increased from 205 to Rs 235 - a hike of almost 14.6 per cent.For Churchgate-Virar journey, the Quarterly Monthly Season ticket will cost Rs 2775 an increase of mere 6.93 per cent over the existing fare of Rs 2595. However, the hike will be almost 14.8 per cent for second class commuters who by QST as the fare has increased from Rs 605 to Rs 695The fare chart Thane and Borivali from Churchgate or CST is identical. A CST-Thane MST will now cost 6.7 per cent more for first class commuter as compared to 14.3 per cent by second class. Even in QST, the per centage hike stood at 7.4 per cent in first class as against Rs 15.6 in second class.An official explained, one of the reasons for this could because the first class fare were increased in the railway budget 2012-13. The card ticket rates had gone up by Rs 4 for to a maximum of Rs 14 for 0 to 60 km journey. The fare hike for MST between Churchgate and Virar is between Rs 15-90. For QST, the hike ranges from Rs 40 to Rs 240.Subsequently, the fare was also increased because of imposition of 3.708 per cent services tax on First class fare from Oct 1.The fare has come into effect because of levying of surcharge to repay the loan for Mumbai Urban Transport Project ( MUTP) I and II. As per the agreement, the surcharge was to be levied in the 2003, 2006 and 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17713353", "title": "Govt to scrutinize appointment of teachers from 2013", "text": "KOCHI: Once the Right to Education (RTE) Act is strictly implemented in the state from 2013, all schools, even private ones holding a minority certificate, will be subjected to scrutiny by the state government in matters of appointment of teachers, the director of public instructions A Shahjahan, said on Friday.The department has also made it essential for all schools to be registered with the department, he said.Though the RTE rules apply only to non-minority schools, to ensure that the private schools don't escape government scrutiny by taking shelter under the minority tag, the education department has decided to scrutinise teacher appointments, said sources.\"Even the teachers in private schools have to be qualified and should have cleared the teachers' eligibility test. They also need to be paid proper salary by schools\", added Shahjahan.After RTE Act, which gives benefit to the \"weaker sections\" and \"disadvantaged groups\", was implemented, many educational institutions in the state had approached the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions seeking minority status.Appointments and salaries of private school teachers have been a matter of concern with teachers at some schools resorting to strikes. Recently, the Kerala high court had directed the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) to furnish the details of their methods to check whether the schools under the board were paying salaries to teachers in accordance with its bylaw. The CBSE bylaw requires managements to pay teachers at par with the salary structure prevailing at state board schools.\"The commission occasionally receives complaints that teachers in some private schools with minority status are underpaid and that the schools collect capitation fees. If the commission receives any complaint in writing, then we will take stringent action and may even cancel the minority status of such schools\", said National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions member Dr Cyriac Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-22"}
