{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028090", "title": "Two commit suicide in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A strange suicide case on Saturday night shocked the residents of Shastri colony in Ranchi. A 12-year-old boy Sandeep Kumar was found hanging from the ceiling fan with a cloth by his family members.Gonda police station officer-in-charge Zulfikar Ali said a case of unnatural death had been lodged. \"It is strange case, the boy has left no suicide note behind. We feel that he was even not aware as to what a suicide note is,\" Ali added.The boy was a student of class VIII at Central Academy School. His father Viswanath Yadav works as a constable with Delhi police.He lived in a joint family at Shastri Nagar. Before leaving for his tuition classes on Saturday evening, he interacted with his sisters for a while. However, Kumar's sisters said there was nothing suspicious about the way he behaved. \"The family members gathered at the terrace on Sunday evening as there was a power cut in the area. After coming down, they found Sandeep hanging,\" said Ali.The boy returned from tuition, quietly entered his room and took the extreme step. Cops suspect that the boy was unable to handle academic pressure and was under severe depression.In another incident, a 22-year-old boy was found hanging from a tree in Samlong locality under Namkum police station on Sunday morning. Anjeet Kujur, a BA Part-II student of Gossner College hails from Latehar district and was putting up in Ranchi for his studies. Namkum police station OC R D Singh said that no suicide note was found. \"The boy committed suicide by hanging with a wire,\" he said. tnn\"We are exploring all possible angles during investigation, but no proof has been found to confirm that if it is a case of suicide or murder,\" he added. Family members, however, informed cops that Kujur was depressed for the last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028793", "title": "More services under Sakaala: CM", "text": "The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011, will soon encompass at least 200 more services, up from the 151 being offered by 11 departments now. The citizens charter ( Sakaala), operational in states such as Punjab and Bihar, do not offer more than 30 to 40 services, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said. \"The decision to bring in more services under the ambit of the Act will be taken in consultation with officials concerned,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027149", "title": "NGOs get a pat from 'cheerleader'", "text": "KOLKATA: It was women's empowerment all the way for Hillary Clinton. The US secretary of state arrived at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on Ho Chi Minh Sarani at 4.30pm, driven in a steel blue Toyota Land Cruiser. In the driver's seat was a lady. She was escorted into ICCR by Sohini Chakraborty from the city-based NGO Kolkata Sanved, which works for rescued women who have now been marginalised. The main point of discussion: women's empowerment.Inside, at a closed door meeting with NGO representatives, Clinton patiently heard about gender inequality and the situations that lead to a large number of girls being trafficked in the country. The representatives of these NGOs - Bangalnatak.com, Apne Aap, Sari Bari, Prantakatha, Kolkata Sanved, New Light, Sanlaap, Free the Slaves, Save the Children , International Justice Mission - told Hillary that the central and state governments should make the laws more stringent to prevent trafficking of women and that the funds allocated for women and child development should be increased. All these NGOs work for women's empowerment and anti-trafficking.Clinton asked them what could be done to change the situation, and why gender inequality prevailed. Most NGO representatives said the law needs to change. Ruchira Gupta, who runs NGO Apne Aap based in New Delhi and works in several regions of the country including West Bengal, had interacted with Hillary in the past. She said the US had changed its laws when Hillary was the country's first lady. However, the dated Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act still prevails in India. \"She (Hillary) was under the impression that the law has been changed by now. But we told her how dated it is, and it is still in vogue,\" Gupta said.The former US first lady asked the NGOs what had changed in the last 10 years. \"The literacy rate has gone up, more girls enroll in schools now, and there are more women leaders and more women in the corporate sector. But at the same time, gender-related violence has also gone up. The country is standing at an important crossroads where there may be positive changes ahead depending on the policies and the road taken,\" an NGO representative told Hillary at the meeting. \"Gender inequality is all pervasive,\" it was also pointed out.Hillary appreciated the role of community development, saying that a village can change a village. She brought in the reference of female genital mutilation in Africa, and said that to overcome violence against women, the whole culture had to change, said Gupta. Hillary told the NGO representatives that she was proud of them and that she was their \"cheerleader\".After the meeting it was time for some entertainment and the girls from NGO Kolkata Sanved - Sabita, Srija, Amina, Jharna, Durga, Jhuma and Mehraz - who had been rehearsing for the past few days for a four-minute performance, put up a great show. They danced to the Mousumi Bhowmick song, 'Ami shunechhi shey din tumi'.\"Aah! That was wonderful!\" Clinton said. \"So how long did it take you to learn that,\" she asked with enthusiasm. Then she shook hands with all of them, asking their names. \"I loved your breathing! That was wonderful,\" she smiled.Then she went on to watch the performance of karate girl Poonam Khatoon and spoke to Kidderpore girl Shabana Bibi.Hillary also watched the performance of 40-year-old Swarna Chitrakar from West Midnapore's Pingla as she sang and told a story through a patachitra. \"It is about telling a father how young girls are being sold off, and that the villagers should be careful before marrying off the girls,\" Swarna explained.The US secretary of state spent 55 minutes at the ICCR before leaving for Victoria Memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13033400", "title": "IPL 5: Rajasthan look to consolidate against struggling Pune", "text": "PUNE: A more balanced Rajasthan Royals side would look to strengthen its position in the clogged points table when it takes on struggling hosts Pune Warriors in an Indian Premier League match on Tuesday.The Sourav Ganguly-led Pune have lost five of their last six clashes although the defeat margins in the last two have been just one and seven runs.The last time they won was on April 21 when they got the better of formidable Delhi Daredevils.Rajasthan too had been struggling until they crushed Kings XI Punjab by 43 runs on May 5. Before that win, they too had lost three matches on the trot.With the coming of all-rounder Shane Watson and pacer Shaun Tait, Rajasthan have got the balance in both bowling and batting.With skipper Rahul Dravid and young gun Ajinkya Rahane doing well at the top and the middle order too responding, batting has not been much of a problem for them. But they have failed in conquering tight matches.Pune too have lost close matches and their morale have taken a beating with five defeats in a row. Rajasthan would look to pile on the misery of the hosts.Pune were hoping that the addition of Michael Clarke in their ranks would give a boost to their batting but the Australian skipper is yet to fire.In three matches he has scored 56 runs, out of which 41 came in one match.They have struggled as a batting unit as young Indian players Robin Uthappa, Manish Pandey and Mithun Manhas have failed to make an impact.Their foreign imports too have not clicked in a way the team had hoped them to. The only saving grace is the bowling of pace duo Angelo Mathews and Wayne Parnell.Pune are languishing at the eighth position and will have to win all their remaining four matches to be in contention for play-offs berth.Rajasthan are at number six and can challenge Royal Challengers Bangalore and defending champions Chennai Super Kings for a place in the play-offs if they come up with good shows in their remaining five matches.Teams (from):Pune Warriors: Sourav Ganguly (captain), Eklavya Dwivedi, Michael Clarke, Ashok Dinda, Callum Ferguson, Raiphi Gomez, Harpreet Singh, Dheeraj Jadhav, Kamran Khan, Murali Kartik, Harshad Khadiwale, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Nathan McCullum, Anustup Majumdar, Mithun Manhas, Angelo Mathews, Mohnish Mishra, Ali Murtaza, Ashish Nehra, Manish Pandey, Wayne Parnell, Sachin Rana, Jesse Ryder, Marlon Samuels, Rahul Sharma, Steven Smith, Tamim Iqbal, Alfonso Thomas, Krishnakant Upadhyay, Robin Uthappa, Shrikant Wagh and Luke Wright.Rajasthan Royals: Rahul Dravid (captain), Stuart Binny, Johan Botha, Deepak Chahar, Ajit Chandila, Dinesh Chandimal, Ankeet Chavan, Aakash Chopra, Paul Collingwood, Aditya Dole, Samad Fallah, Faiz Fazal, Shreevats Goswami, Brad Hodge, Brad Hogg, Ashok Menaria, Sumit Narwal, Pankaj Singh, Amit Paunikar, Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Raut, Owais Shah, Pinal Shah, Amit Singh, Shaun Tait, Siddharth Trivedi, Shane Watson and Dishant Yagnik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13027830", "title": "Key suspect may have fled state, say police", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police team investigating the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) leader T P Chandrasekharan is on the lookout for a CPM sympathizer, suspected to have played a key role in the killing.However, the man (name withheld on police's request), against whom there are around 20 criminal cases, and Rafeeq, who rented the Toyota Innova car used by the assailants on Friday night, may have left the state.A top police source said the man, hailing from Chokli in Kannur district, is an accused in the murder of NDF activist Fazal in Thalassery and the twin murders of BJP workers in Mahe.Speaking in Kottayam, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the police have got crucial leads in the murder.The CPM, continuing to deny any involvement in the murder, has decided to hold a probe of its own to unravel the conspiracy behind the killing and to expose the real assailants.The party has also decided to hold campaigns to counter the UDF propaganda. On Sunday, around 200 CPM workers took out a procession in Vadakara, protesting the move to implicate the party in the murder.The exercise is seen as an attempt to stall possible erosion in the party's support in the area following the murder. Chandrasekharan had many friends in the CPM even after he left the party.Many of them were present when the RMP leader's body was brought to Vadakara.On Sundayevening, Additional director-general of police Vinson M Paul, who is overseeing the investigation, held a meeting with the special team at the Vadakara rest house. He also visited the spot at Vallikkad where Chandrasekharan was attacked.Anup Kuruvilla John, SP, who replaced district police chief (Kozhikode rural) T K Rajmohan as the head of the special team, also attended the meeting. John was chosen because of his success in reining in notorious criminals in Kannur when he was the district police chief there.Prohibitory orders have been clamped in Azhiyoor, Onchiyam and Eramala panchayat areas under Vadakara police circle limits. The orders will be in force for seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13028375", "title": "Fill only 75 per cent seats, schools told", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of public department has issued a fresh circular directing schools to keep 25% per cent of the seats vacant and to conduct admission process only to the remaining 75% of the seats in Class I. The circular was issued on May 2. The state government took the decision to issue a fresh circular after taking into account of the instances of unaided schools completing admission process without ensuring 25 per cent seats for poor students as mandated by the Right to Education Act 2009.\"The government has to ensure that the sub clause 12(1) C of the RTE Act should be followed by schools. Hence, all unaided schools may fill only 75 per cent of their quota in standard 1 and remaining 25 per cent seats should be reserved for the poor as per the act. Schools are directed to publish the list of 75 per cent students on the prescribed date of admission process schedule. Remaining 25 per cent seats can be filled based on the directions to be issued by the government,\" primary education director A Devaprakash stated in the circular.However, directions in the circular do not apply for unaided schools run by minority institutions as per the Supreme Court verdict.As per department's records, of the 268 unaided primary schools in the district, 114 have obtained the minority tag and they need not follow certain directions under the RTE Act. While 60 unaided schools are run by Christian institutions, 46 belong to Muslim managements. Gowd Saraswat Brahmin community has five schools while Jain, Malayali and Gujarati communities have one school each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "moga, punjab", "code": "13029630", "title": "17 people killed in road accident in Punjab", "text": "MOGA, PUNJAB: At least 17 people have been killed in an accident in Moga district of Punjab, according to Times Now.Most of the dead were travelling in a van that collided head-on with a truck.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032673", "title": "Tusshar Kapoor does a spoof on Singham", "text": "The actor will be seen doing a funny take on Ajay Devgn's character from 'Singham' in 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum'.One of the initial trailers of the film spoofed Karan Johar's Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Ghum . And now Ekta Kapoor's upcoming sex-comedy Kya Super Kool Hai Hum will be seen spoofing the biggest blockbusters of last year - Singham .Sources close to the film reveal that Tusshar Kapoor will be doing a funny take on Ajay Devgn's superhit film and character Singham . While the exact details of the spoof are not yet revealed, one can expect Tusshar Kapoor to go fighting around in a ganji with cars being blown out in the background.The makers do not intend any malice and rather this would be their tribute to the original. In fact buzz is that Tusshar Kapoor even spoofs one of his popular characters in Kya Super Kool Hain Hum . It's known by now that Rohit Shetty is doing a cameo in the film playing himself. Apparently Tusshar approaches Rohit in the film and asks him for a role in his next Golmaal film. Obviously, the role that he asks for is that of the mute Lucky played by himself in the Golmaal series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13028580", "title": "Viola Pacheco may be Goa Vikas Party's choice for Cortalim bypoll", "text": "MARGAO: The supremo of the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) and Nuvem MLA, Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco is determined not to give any leeway to the BJP in the June 2 Cortalim by elections. With his first choice of candidate, ZP member Nelly Rodrigues, who had narrowly lost to BJP's late Matanhy Saldanha in the March 3 assembly elections, declining to enter the fray the second time, Pacheco is seriously considering fielding his partner and GVP president Viola Pacheco to contest from Cortalim.\"We were a close second in Cortalim in the last assembly elections. My party would have won the seat had our alliance partner not fielded their candidate in Cortalim. Our party members will now sit and take a decision on whom to field within the next two days,\" Pacheco told TOI.The former tourism minister made no bones of the fact that he was keen in nominating his partner Viola for the candidature, and that she had already expressed her willingness to enter the fray. \"Viola is from Cansaulim which is a part of the Cortalim constituency. She was our first choice of candidate for the last assembly elections from Cortalim. However, as she was not inclined to contest then, we fielded Nelly. If she is willing to contest now, the party will take an appropriate decision soon,\" Pacheco said.Stating that \"family raj\" still existed in the present dispensation (referring to the BJP's candidature of Alina Saldanha, widow of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha), Pacheco felt that there is nothing wrong if GVP decides to field Viola as its Cortalim candidate.He also made it clear that besides other issues, \"Mopa airport and medium of instruction\" would be the main planks of the GVP in the elections. \"I have been fighting against Mopa all these years, even when I was a part of the government. They have to give me concrete reasons why they want the Mopa airport when the Dabolim airport is centrally located and even equidistant from North and South, besides being in the vicinity of the port town,\" Pacheco said.Justifying his opposition to Mopa, Pacheco said that the proposed Greenfield airport will only cater to southern Maharashtra and would promote tourism in those parts. \"We don't need two airports for a small state like Goa. The Mopa airport will lead to promotion of southern parts of Maharashtra, while tourism in South Goa will suffer,\" Pacheco said, demanding a written assurance from the government that the Dabolim airport would be retained \"forever\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13029049", "title": "It\u2019s Raje\u2019s raj in BJP as support swells", "text": "JAIPUR: Initially, it looked like an ego clash and a fight for one-upmanship in BJP. However, the debate over the fate of Gulab Chand Kataria's Lok Jagran Yatra soon became a major struggle for stamp of supremacy for Vasundhara Raje in the state unit. And the former chief minister, this time, was in no mood to step back.While political experts see Raje's resignation threat on Saturday night as more of an emotional outburst, they admit that Sunday's developments - meetings with the senior leaders and supporters along with resignations of Raje loyalists - are nothing less than pressure tactics. The slew of resignations of party legislators, office-bearers and the statements made by Raje loyalists were a clear signal that compromise would be harder to be agreed upon than earlier occasions.\"Raje is bigger than the party for us,'' said senior legislator from Bansur, Rohitash Sharma. He added that the legislators had submitted their resignations to Raje as she is the leader of the legislative party.Another legislator Bhawani Singh Rajawat said that Raje is the undisputed leader of the state. \"We will extend our support to her in all and any circumstances,'' said Rajawat. On last count, 58 legislators including two independents had put in their papers.Sources in the Raje camp agree that this is the senior leader's fight for position in the party. An evidently upset Raje on Saturday night had informed her loyalists that she is tired of the cat and mouse fight for power in the state BJP. \"The party has to make its stand clear. Either I am the leader in the state or I am not. On one hand, senior leaders from Delhi come and announce the next elections would be contested under my leadership, the very next day local leaders say leadership would be decided later,'' Raje reportedly told her loyalists.Raje is reportedly angry by the opposition she has been facing within the party since 2004, soon after she took over as the chief minister in 2003. \"She has not forgotten how she was asked to resign as leader of Opposition and how humiliated she had felt then. She has always maintained that the state BJP has little time to fight the ruling party as it has been busy fighting over her,'' said one of her loyalists.With yet another show of strength - followed by a futile one in August 2009 when she was asked to resign as leader of opposition - Raje is not only trying to ensure she gets an upper hand in decision-making at the state level but also minimum resistance from the party's central leadership and the RSS. Sources confirm that with the next assembly elections only one-and-a-half year away, Raje wants clarity on her position in the state. She does not want a repeat of the several disputes which rocked the state party during the last assembly elections, distribution of tickets being a major one.What goes in her favour is the fact that the state BJP does not have a second cadre leader to replace her. \"She continues to remain the most popular BJP face among the masses, appeals to the voters and has support of most of the legislators,'' said BJP legislator Om Birla. The anti-Raje camp too is in no position to dispute that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031996", "title": "RGV, Sanjay Dutt re-shoot 'Department' climax", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's latest offering Department about the nexus between crime, punishment and the law is getting more interesting by the day. Recently one reported on Sanjay Dutt shooting a promotional song for the film on his own. Now comes the rather jolting report that the entire climax featuring a fight between Sanjay Dutt and Rana Daggubati has very recently been re-shot, and this time with director Ram Gopal Varma's consent.Says our source, \"When Sanju and Ramu saw the climax, Dutt felt something was lacking, not in terms of technique or grandeur. But Sanju felt the merger of drama and action between the two encounter cops could go a lot further. You see, Dutt and Rana playing two encounter cops who decided to fight it out, are not locked in a Dabangg kind of fight. Rana and Dutt do fight it out man-to-man fist-to-fist. But there is also a very powerful emotional undercurrent in their climactic conflict. Sanju felt this synthesis of physical and emotional conflict could be better achieved, if the climax was re-shot.\"Apparently Ramu initially argued against re-shooting. But he finally gave in. The climax was re-shot in utmost secrecy last week.And the results were spectacular. Ramu being the first to admit it. Says our source, \"After seeing the revised climax Ramu immediately told Sanju that re-shooting was a great idea and that the film looks much better.\"Interestingly the climax was not all that was re-shot. We believe the iconic Amitabh Bachchan track Thodi si jo pee li hai from 'Namak Halaal' (originally composed by Bappi Lahiri, remixed for 'Department' by Bappi's son Bappa) which was filmed on a sozzled Sanjay Dutt and Rana Daggubati, has also been re-shot.Says a source close to the project, \"The idea was to make 'Department' look bigger grander more epic in scope than Ramu's other cops-and-gangsters films. Blessedly Ramu realised the creative revision was for the betterment of the product. So there was no stress over the changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027128", "title": "'Art connoisseur' Hillary admires Gaganendranath works", "text": "KOLKATA: Looking resplendent in a dark blue suit, she climbed up the Victoria Memorial stairs much like a sprightly youngster. Flanked by curator Swapan Chakravorty and a US official, with scores of securitymen following them, US secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton stopped at the end of the flight of stairs to gape at the majestic entrance to the monument. \"Wow,\" she exclaimed, before walking inside for a quick tour of the galleries.The former US first lady was taken around the exhibition hall where she spent about 10 minutes admiring Gaganendranath Tagore's paintings which are now on display. Hillary, according to Chakravorty, came across as quite a connoisseur as she talked about the finer points of the paintings. \"She seemed quite aware of Gaganendranath's paintings and even talked about the difference in style between his works and Rabindranath Tagore's. She kept admiring Gaganendranath's Japanese wash-style paintings and was generally impressed with what she saw in the galleries,\" said Chakravorty.Hillary was also taken around the entrance hall, where she saw more paintings and artefacts. She was particularly impressed with a photo gallery that had pictures of the Victoria Memorial being constructed. She keenly observed each of the photographs and asked for details. She then went around the rotunda and briefly interacted with a few employees.But it was the Victoria Memorial garden that took her breath away. She was pleasantly surprised by the lush green, neatly manicured lawn lined by flowers and bushes. Hillary took a quick stroll on the grass. \"She was very happy to see the garden and said she just loved it. Overall, she seemed quite happy about her visit,\" added Chakravorty.The Victoria Memorial authorities had kept a souvenir ready for the US secretary of state. It could not be handed over to her due to security reasons. \"The souvenir will be sent to her through US officials,\" said Chakraborty.A security net had been thrown around Victoria Memorial since Sunday morning. Visitors were barred from the campus. Even pedestrians were not allowed to use the adjacent pavement. Traffic movement along the road was restricted even as FBI officials kept a hawk eye on the arrangements. They took charge of the campus while the gates were shut down.It was around 5.40 pm that Hillary's motorcade reached Victoria. A convoy of around 20 vehicles drove in through the gates with Hillary in a blue Toyota Land Cruiser. Hundreds had gathered on the opposite pavement by then. But few could catch a glimpse of the lady whom Time magazine had identified as among the most influential in the world. The wait continued and the crowd swelled on the road. When Hillary's motorcade drove out around 25 minutes later, there was a jostle again. This time, she waved at the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13032052", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court admits Jagir Kaur plea against conviction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday admitted an appeal filed by former Punjab minister, Bibi Jagir Kaur which seeks to set aside her conviction for abduction and forcible abortion of her daughter.On March 30, Jagir Kaur was sentenced to five years by a special CBI court and since then she has been confined in Kapurthala jail in Punjab. However, the special court had acquitted her from the charges of murder of her daughter Harpreet Kaur.In her appeal against the conviction, Jagir Kaur has submitted that the approver in the case could not be relied upon and that the second half of the judgment rendered by the Patiala court contradicted its first half. She has sought directions to set-aside the CBI court's orders.The HC has however not fixed any date for hearing. Sources said that soon Kaur would also a file bail application seeking her release from jail till the decision on her appeal against conviction.Harpreet Kaur, who had died under mysterious circumstances in April 2000, was cremated the very next day without a postmortem being conducted. Thereafter the case was handed over to the CBI following judicial intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027009", "title": "Text complaints about security issues on Central Railway drop", "text": "MUMBAI: Text messages from commuters complaining about security issues on the Central Railway (CR) have dropped drastically in the past three months. From an average of 10 text messages per day in January, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) now receives just one or two complaints. Officials attribute this to the immediate attention given to individual complaints.Receiving complaints through text messages is part of the passenger feedback monitoring system. SMSes can be sent to 9004411111 on any issue faced by CR commuters. , be it related to amenities, ticketing, delay in schedule or security. The text messages are compiled at the end of the day by technicians.Those related to security are forwarded to the RPF. The senior divisional security commissioner then goes through each complaint and marks it to respective outposts for action, along with his remarks. Criminal cases, which fall under the Indian Penal Code, are sent to the Government Railway Police (GRP).\"Common complaints are of card games being played, harassment from urchins and eunuchs inside coaches, unauthorized hawking, lost baggage and illegal travel in reserved coaches,\" said an official. \"At times, commuters text us with feedback on what more needs to be done or appreciation for timely action taken by our personnel,\" he added. Drives prompted by the SMSes netted the railways Rs 1.27 lakh in fines from 497 male passengers caught travelling illegally in female compartments till March this year.\"Alert commuters can act as our eyes and ears on running trains. We had received text messages from eyewitnesses about a woman lying unconscious in a handicapped compartment, a stampede-like situation on a foot overbridge at Thane, a body lying on the tracks at the entrance to Karjat and a sudden fire in the Parsik tunnel,\" an official said. Then there are complaints specific to certain stations such as blocking of compartment doors after Kalyan and fights among passengers over alighting at Thane.Complaints about high-handedness of the police are also received; these are forwarded to their superiors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026831", "title": "Missing boy's body found eaten by panther", "text": "MUMBAI: A hand, a leg and the face of a five-year-old boy who went missing on April 24 was found in the jungle of Aarey Colony, mauled and eaten by a panther, on Sunday.The police confirmed that Sunny Soni had been devoured by a panther, going by its hair and faeces found on the boy's shirt and on the spot. \"We found a panther's hair and stool on the body parts. It confirms that the boy was picked up by the animal,\" said Ashok Kamble, sub-inspector of Aarey Sub police station.A person who stays in the same locality as Sunny at Adarsh Nagar slums discovered the remains when he went to the jungle in the morning. \"The person rushed back and told everyone about the body that resembled that of Sunny. The boy's parents later identified him,\" said Kamble.On April 24, around 7pm, Sunny stepped out of his hut, located close to the jungle, to play with other children. In the missing complaint, Sunny's father Sanjay said, \"When my son did not home till 9pm, we realized that something was amiss.\" Finally at 11pm, he lodged a missing complaint. Cops too were unsuccessful in tracking the boy after he went missing.Meanwhile locals claimed similar kind of incident occurred eight years ago, when a three-year-old child was picked away by the panther. The child's body was found few days later in the jungle. \"There had been several other cases in the past where leopard and panthers were found pouncing on motorists leaving few injured but survived,\" said the locals.Soni's parents said that they had put up posters of their child in the locality so that people will inform them. But they didn't thought that their son could have met with a painful end.A case of accidental death report (ADR) has been registered. The body remains has been sent to Bhagwati hospital to carry out further tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13034936", "title": "Viral video: Lioness tries to eat toddler at zoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family of a one-year-old boy filmed him as a lioness at a zoo in Oregon, USA, tried her best to eat him. The video has gone viral on the internet.The lioness was separated from the toddler by a solid glass wall. The toddler was dressed in an outfit with zebra stripes.The mother has since been on several talk show to discuss her toddler's new-found fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027570", "title": "Court query alerts cops about scam accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: Giving a slip to the cops, a recruitment scam accused moved a surrender application before a lower court in Lucknow. The application was moved on Saturday, but the Aliganj police came to know about it only after a court query reached them on Sunday questioning if there was any criminal case pending against the applicant.The incident has once again put a question mark on the alertness of the police. On Saturday, the Aliganj police have claimed that hectic efforts were on to trace the two remaining accused and even declared a cash reward of Rs 5,000 on each of the two absconding accused in the case.On Sunday, police said efforts will be made to ensure that the accused in question is arrested before he lands before the court. Surprisingly, the surrender application moved by the accused Santosh Kumar Jaiswal of Azamgarh incorporated exhaustive details of the police investigations including some information, which has not been mentioned in any of the police documents till date and was only a part of verbal discussion between the Aliganj police and their seniors.This indicates that the accused has reasonably good access into the district police department. On Saturday, police had arrested Shivendra Singh for his alleged involvement in a recruitment racket promising 52,000 jobs for computer instructors.Police had seized 12,000 applications from the accused and demand drafts worth Rs nine lakh, which were sought as processing fee at the rate of Rs 80 per application. During interrogation, Shivendra had identified his associates as his brother Siddharth Singh and their common friend Santosh Kumar Jaiswal of Azamgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028629", "title": "Training for North Goa mines managers on May 10", "text": "PANAJI: The state government's North and South Goa sub-committees set up to keep a check on mining companies and ensure that they comply with safety measures, will hold a training program for mines managers across the state.While the North Goa sub-committee will train mines managers on precautionary measures for the monsoon season on May 10, the South Goa sub-committee will hold a similar program after the panchayat elections.Speaking to TOI, Bicholim deputy collector and chairman of the North Goa sub-committee Levinson Martins said, \"A workshop will be held for mines managers of the mines in Bicholim and Sattari taluka. We will inform them that every mine has to have a monitoring cell for monsoon preparedness.\"Chairman of the South Goa sub-committee and Quepem deputy collector Sandhya Kamat said, \"The program for mines managers in South Goa will be held only after the after panchayat elections.\"The state government had constituted a high-level monitoring committee to revise the safety measures in 90-odd operating mines in the state after the landslide at Cuddegal and Mulgao. The government had also set up two sub-committees in North and South Goa respectively.The monitoring committee is chaired by the North Goa collector and its members include-the director of mines and geology, director of mines safety and regional controller of the Indian bureau of mines.However, even after the constitution of the monitoring committee, till date there has not been a single inspection of the mines by the committee.The main problems in mines arise during the monsoon. The problem areas are tailing points and overburdened dumps.The committee is supposed to review the safety instructions issued by the director of mines and to ensure that companies follow the instructions and tackle these problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13028411", "title": "Railway authorities try to disown injured, citing lack of evidence", "text": "ROHTAK: Though there were no causalities in the Punjab Mail derailment near Rohtak on the Rohtak-Delhi rail section, which left around 28 passengers injured, the railway authorities tried to disown some of the injured patients, who had reached the hospital on their own.Kamlesh Rani, 24, wife of Suresh Kumar, who was writhing in pain at the emergency ward in the PGI, Rohtak, said the railway officials had refused to include her in the list of injured and denied treatment on behalf of railways.Kamlesh had come to Rohtak to visit her mother and was going back to Mathura, accompanied by her ten-year-old brother Nishu and one-year-old son.Showing her railway ticket for Mathura, Kamlesh stated, \"It was horrifying when the train suddenly started skidding and then overturned. I managed to hold my son and brother. We came out of the train and reached the highway. We took lift in a tractor trolley which dropped us at Rohtak and then we came back to mother's house in the town.\"She added, \"On reaching home, I lied down on the bed and was unable to walk. At around noon, my mother took me to the PGIMS for treatment. But when I contacted the railway officials and showed them my ticket, they refused treatment, stating that I had come late.\"Another woman, Rajbala, lying on the adjoining bed, also said that she was traveling in the train and reached the hospital from the accident site around noon by traveling in an auto.\"I was traveling alone to Delhi. I was sitting in the same coach in which the injured RPF man was sitting. I lost my bag in which my ticket was kept and even slippers after the mishap. Now they are not recognizing me as passenger\", she said.When contacted, J P Singh, a commercial officer with northern railway, expressed inability to treat them as injured passengers, citing lack of evidence.\"Though Kamlesh has a ticket for general compartment, it did not carry any name. She came very late. So we are not sure whether she was a passenger or some outsider. Rajbala did not have a ticket\", he stated.However, when the TOI took up the issue with GM, northern railway, Raj Shekher, he made enquiries from the women and finding circumstantial evidence, directed the officials to include their name in the injured patients list.\"There seems no reason to disbelieve them that they had lost their ticket or arrived late at the hospital\", he maintained.On complaints by some patients that doctors at PGIMS were forcibly discharging them, the GM instructed that no injured passenger be discharged until he himself is satisfied with the treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027921", "title": "Police want strict privacy policy on Facebook", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Facebook may have captured the hearts of those who like to hang out in the virtual world. But the state police suggest Orkut be revived over Facebook just to be on the safer side.The Hitech Crime Enquiry Cell of the state police has registered a three-fold increase in the complaints they receive regarding crimes on the popular social networking site, Facebook. It is only two years since the police started receiving complaints on crimes related to Facebook.While the total number of complaints was just 34 in 2010, the number shot to 94 in 2011. Most of the complaints pertain to identity thefts and profile abuses. A very few are related to crimes like cheating and physical abuse that extends out of the virtual world.\"Orkut had stricter privacy rules, which the virtual thieves were wary of. Facebook has become their perfect playground with lenient privacy rules, that even promotes voyeurism,'' says N Vinaya Kumaran Nair, assistant commissioner, Hitech Crime Enquiry Cell. A week ago, the Hitech Crime Enquiry Cell arrested 35-year-old man from Nedumangad here.The accused, Suresh Kumar had allegedly befriended a housewife through Facebook and then raped her. He had also taken money from her by offering her a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13031557", "title": "Apple wins ruling, sanctions against Samsung", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Samsung Electronics, sanctioned by a US judge for failing to produce source code, said a ruling last week barring some evidence isn't central to its defense against Apple in a patent-infringement lawsuit.US Magistrate Judge Paul S. Grewal wrote in his May 4 ruling that Samsung \"plainly violated\" a court order requiring it to turn over code to Apple, and ruled that Samsung won't be able to offer evidence in the case about its efforts to \"design around\" three patents at issue in the case.In its lawsuit, Apple claims that Samsung's 4G smartphone and Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer infringe its patents. In December, US District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose , California, ruled against Apple's request to block Suwon, South Korea-based Samsung from selling that phone and tablet in the US. That order followed an Australian court ruling lifting an injunction on the tablet there.Samsung, which was the world's largest seller of smartphones last year, and Cupertino , California-based Apple have filed at least 30 lawsuits against each other on four continents since April 2011.In his ruling, Grewal said producing source code in patent litigation is \"disruptive, expensive, and fraught with monumental opportunities to screw up.\" Still, under federal law there is no exception to the requirement, especially when a defendant in a patent suit challenges the opposition's failure to analyze the accused product's source code, the judge said.Samsung comments\"The court's decision is on just one of the many motions made by both companies in the process of the lawsuit,\" Samsung said today in an e-mailed response to a Bloomberg inquiry. \"It is not related to a final ruling on the patent-infringement case and Samsung Electronics will continue to actively seek to secure patent rights,\"Grewal said he focused on Samsung's so-called design-around source code developed for products with the \"specific intent\" of avoiding Apple's patent claims. The ruling targets that code because \"by their verynature design-arounds impact key questions of liability, damages and injunctive relief,\" Grewal wrote.\"They are inevitably designed with substantial input from counsel for the specific purpose of distinguishing other products at issue,\" Grewal wrote. \"In short, they matter. A lot.\"\"It's no coincidence that Samsung's latest products look a lot like the iPhone and iPad , from the shape of the hardware to the user interface and even the packaging,\" Apple said yesterday in an e-mailed statement. \"This kind of blatant copying is wrong, and we need to protect Apple's intellectual property when companies steal our ideas.\"The case is Apple vs Samsung Electronics, 11-01846, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13029650", "title": "At night, Youth Congress office turns into a \u2018baraat ghar\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Politics can wait; the 'lagan time' can't . So a group of enterprising Congressmen hit upon a novel plan and clandestinely converted the deserted Youth Congress office into a 'barat ghar' by night.On Thursday night, when some inebriated 'baraatis' reached the posh 7 Mall Avenue (YC's official address), dancing to Bollywood numbers and bursting crackers, trouble followed.Forced out of bed by the din, irate residents of the colony called up the police and threatened to lodge complaints with Rahul and Sonia Gandhi if the incident was ever repeated. And as red-faced Congressmen are fumbling for explanations , UPCC top guns are trying to figure out who was making the buck--reportedly Rs 51,000 for a night.\"The activity apparently has been going on for quite some time,\" said MLA and chairperson of UPCC media committee, Vivek Singh.Rushing to the YC office, he found the tell-tale shamiana covering the lawns while stray dogs feasted on bones lying scattered. Singh summoned UPYC secretary Rakesh Kumar and sought an explanation . Kumar showed him a duly signed letter allowing the property to be rented for the night to Mohammad Hanif.Rummaging through the office , an alarmed Singh recovered seven more officially okayed applications for the marriage season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "shastri nagar", "code": "13029241", "title": "They do not need a reason for frolicking", "text": "SHASTRI NAGAR: There is nothing more than a holiday needed for friends to plan a party. And so did Yuvraj Baldev Singh Aulakh, 15, a Model Town resident, by calling up four other friends for a party on Sunday.\"There was no specific reason for the party as we planned it instantaneously in the morning and decided to hold it. We were not even sure of the venue then,'' said Yuvraj, who later met his friends at a Shastri Nagar based restaurant.Those who joined him included Gurkirat Singh and Gurmohan Bhinder of Haibowal, Sudhanshu Bansal of Rajguru Nagar and Sachin Arora of Model Town.\"We spent quality time together. We have just finished our matriculation, so we discussed our plans after this. Serious things apart, we danced and ate delicious food,'' said Gurkirat. Gurmohan said, \"We keep holding such impromptu parties and have already planned something for the next Sunday.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13031675", "title": "Apple Safari breach: Google told to pay fine", "text": "WASHINGTON: Google is negotiating with the US Federal Trade Commission over how big a fine it will have to pay for its breach of Apple's Safari internet browser, a person familiar with the matter said.The fine could amount to more than $10 million dollars, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are confidential. The fine would be the first by the FTC for a violation of internet privacy as the agency steps up enforcement of consumers' online rights.The FTC is preparing to allege that Mountain View, California-based Google deceived consumers and violated terms of a consent decree signed with the commission last year when it planted so-called cookies on Safari, bypassing Apple software's privacy settings, the person said.\"We will of course cooperate with any officials who have questions,\" Chris Gaither , a Google spokesman, said in an e- mail, declining to comment further. An FTC spokeswoman, Claudia Bourne Farrell, declined to comment.The cookies allowed Google to bypass Safari's built-in privacy protections to aim targeted advertising at users of Safari on computers, laptops, iPhones and iPads . Google said at the time that it \"didn't anticipate this would happen\" and that it was removing the files since discovering the slip.The Safari breach was first identified by Stanford researcher Jonathan Mayer, who published a blog entry on his discoveries February 16.'Unfair and deceptive'The FTC is charged with protecting consumers against \"unfair and deceptive\" practices under the law that created the agency. European regulators are probing Google more broadly on its privacy policy and sent a detailed questionnaire to the company in March.Google signed a consent decree with the FTC last year in which it settled allegations it used deceptive tactics and violated its own privacy policies in introducing the Buzz social-networking service in 2010.The 20-year settlement bars Google from misrepresenting how it handles user information, and requires the company to follow policies that protect consumer data in new products and to submit to regular privacy audits.The FTC has the authority to levy fines for violations of its consent decrees of as much as $16,000 a day for each violation.First-quarter revenueGoogle, the world's largest internet search company, on April 12 reported first-quarter revenue of $8.14 billion, excluding sales passed on to partner sites. Profit before certain costs was $10.08 a share.The agency issued its largest fine in a privacy-related case against data broker ChoicePoint in 2006 for compromises of personal financial records of more than 163,000 consumers. ChoicePoint agreed to pay $10 million in civil penalties and $5 million in consumer redress in a settlement with the FTC.\"Google is quickly becoming the privacy problem child for regulators in the US and Europe,\" said.Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, which has urged regulators to review the handling of consumer data by companies including Google and Facebook. \"The Commission's work to enforce its consent decree with Google shows there's a real regulatory cop on the digital beat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13032009", "title": "IPL 5: Deccan hoping to salvage pride against Kings XI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Virtually out of the reckoning for a place in the playoffs, a demoralised Deccan Chargers would look to salvage some pride when they take on Kings XI Punjab in an Indian Premier League match on Tuesday.Having won just two out of the 11 matches they played so far in the tournament, Deccan is presently languishing at the bottom of the team standings with just five points.Though Deccan batsmen put up an impressive show against Royal Challengers Bangalore on Sunday, the lacklustre performance of their bowlers and AB de Villiers superlative batting poured cold water on the Hyderabad outfit's hope of staging a comeback.After posting a more-than-challenging 181 for two on the board, Deccan bowlers failed to rise to the occasion as de Villiers scored a whirlwind 47 not out off just 17 balls to guide RCB to the five-wicket win with seven balls to spare.There would be added pressure on Deccan on Tuesday as they will play in Hyderabad for the first match in this tournament.Deccan's batting, off late, has fired with big-hitting Cameron White, who has scored three half centuries in the last five games, Shikhar Dhawan, captain Kumar Sangakkara and Daniel Harris all finding themselves among runs.But what Deccan lacks is firepower in its bowling department.Barring Dale Steyn, the Hyderabad team does not have quality bowlers in their ranks. Their domestic pacers in Veer Pratap Singh, A Ashish Reddy and Anand Rajan have also failed to provide the South African speedster ample support from the other end.The spin department also lacks sting with leg-spinner Amit Mishra resembling a pale shadow of himself.Kings XI, on the other hand, is still in with a chance of making it to the knockout stages having garnered 10 points from 11 games.The Punjab side would make a determined bid to win against a struggling Deccan tomorrow to improve its position in the points table.After consecutive wins over defending champions Chennai Super Kings and Royal Challengers Bangalore, Kings XI suffered a 43-run defeat at the hands of Rajasthan Royals in their last game.And come tomorrow, the Adam Gilchrist-led side would be hoping to return to winning ways as a single defeat in the remaining five games could jeopardise their play off chances.Former Pakistani all-rounder Azhar Mahmood's presence in the side, after his visa issue was resolved, has meant that Punjab have struck the right balance.The 37-year-old Mahmood, now a British national, seems to have infused new energy in the side, which looked down in the dumps at one stage.The aggressive medium pacer has not only impressed with his wicket-taking abilities and temperament in crunch situations, but also made useful contributions with the bat.Stand-in skipper David Hussey's leadership has revived the sagging fortunes of the team.In the absence of Gilchrist, who is nursing a hamstring injury, Hussey has led the team from the front scoring 263 runs from 11 games so far with a half century to his credit.But leading the pack among Kings XI batsmen are Aussie left-hander Shaun Marsh (290) and domestic player Mandeep Singh (284).In the bowling department, medium pacer Praveen Kumar and find of this season, Parvinder Awana have been doing a good job.The inclusion of Ryan Harris has further bolstered Punjab's bowling arsenal.Even though he is costing a few runs, leg-spinner Piyush Chawla has reaped rich dividends with the ball for Kings XI and is presently the third highest wicket-taker in the tournament with 14 scalps to his name so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13030978", "title": "'Desi Romeos' musical bonanza", "text": "Desi Romeos are all set to rock to rock Punjabi music and film industry. With the likes of Babbu Maan and Harjit Harman we can expect a good level of music in the film.Desi romeos is set for 15th Jneu release and the film is getting more and more attention day by day.Desi Romeos is a story of six boys which are popular in college for their music and another group 'Mirza' gets jealous. The romeo's are R - Randhawa(Babbu Maan), O- Om(Bittu), M- Maana(Sherry), E- Ehsaas (Ravi), O- Osho(Mitesh), S- Sandhu(Harman).In short, it is a fun filled story of a group of college goer's with lots of action, romance and 'music ka tadka'. Which is sure to keep the audience entertained throughout.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "13029327", "title": "Disco 'diwane' couples jive on Saturday night", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Twenty-five couples of the city came out of their den on Saturday night to meet old friends and new acquaintances at a disco on Ferozepur Road. As they swayed to the peppy music mixed by two DJs, they stretched the party till 3am considering they had a Sunday to relax.Model Town resident Raunik Narula, owner of an event management firm who organized the bash, said, \"We chose Saturday night for the party as people would be able to enjoy themselves without any hitch of time. The party began at the disco at 10pm.'' DJ Vishu from Delhi and DJ Sonee from Pune ensured none of the party animals kept standing or sitting and instead swayed to their mixes, added Narula.Jaspreet Singh Makkar, a businessman from Model Town Extension who came along with wife Kanwal Kaur Makkar, said, \"It was a wonderful evening and we enjoyed ourselves to the brim as there was no pressure of a working day next morning.''Raju Basant, a businessman from BRS Nagar who came along with wife Mini, said he enjoyed the ambience and the music in particular. \"The DJs kept everyone busy,'' he added.Kitty Narula came along with husband Gurpreet, a businessman from Model Town, and said the entire crowd was very friends as she even had family friends among them. \"It was nice to spend our Saturday night among friends,'' she added.DJ Sonee cashed in on the occasion promoting her album Dexterity Volume II at the party and gifted album CDs to every one at the party. Their groovy mixes of commercial house music with Punjabi music entertained the Ludhianvi party animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13028437", "title": "Get ready to hone your technical skills", "text": "MYSORE: The Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering is all set to celebrate the Technical Education Day ( Indian Society for Technical Education) on its premises on May 9. This will give engineering students an opportunity to get the latest updates and developments in the technical field.The student's chapter of ISTE takes care of the academic and professional needs of its members. The ISTE plays an important role in improving the standard of education, counseling of students for better employment opportunities and encouraging outside classroom studies, practical works, seminars, etc.The objective of ISTE is to plan and arrange the technical programme and activities on a regular basis to provide a common platform for students to exchange ideas and information on topics of their interest. This will also help arrange technical visits, practical training, encourage team work and spirit of self reliance among students and faculty and serve as focal point on all aspect of professional development, said Vidyavardhaka Engineering College principal Sadashivegowda.In view of the programme, a technical quiz programme was conducted in all the six engineering departments and MBA branches of the college. The questions for the quiz were provided by all the faculties of the respective departments, covering the entire syllabus from first year till the last year, said Sadashivegowda. Technical expert Prof Y Vrushabhendrappa, director, BIET, Davangere, will be the chief guest and will speak about technical education and latest trends in technical education. Students of electronics, computer science and information technology are eligible to get the membership. At present, ISTE has more than 80,000 technical teachers and 4 lakh students as members.Fellowship programme for post graduates. The Deshpande Foundation, Hubli, will conduct the Deshpande Fellowship Programme for post graduates. It is an interactive training programme designed to produce successful social entrepreneurs. Through a comprehensive combination of modules and practical experiences, fellows will learn existing best practices and engage with leaders in the field of social entrepreneurship. Postgraduates aged between 23 and 28 are eligible to apply. The fellowship period is from July 2012 to January 2013. Those interested should apply on or before May 30. For registration and for details, visit www.deshpandefoundation.org . To download online application, log into fellowship@dfmail.org or call team leader Pramod (9740011883).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026550", "title": "Passport information can be made public under RTI, CIC says", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a decision that could kick up a controversy, the Central Information Commission (CIC) has said that information provided by a person while applying for a passport could be disclosed under the Right to Information Act. \"Given our dismal record of mis-governance and rampant corruption which collude to deny citizens their essential rights and dignity, it is in the fitness of things that the citizen's right to information is given greater primacy with regard to privacy,\" information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said while ordering the disclosure recently.The case relates to an RTI plea filed by Anita Singh who sought information including passport details and copies of papers annexed by Ajeet Singh while applying for his passport besides details of education and residence.The external affairs ministry stated that third party information could not be disclosed without taking the views of the party and since the present residential information of the applicant was not known, it would not be possible to obtain his views and disclose the details sought under the RTI Act.\"The commission rules that if the third party's address is not located, it does not mean the citizen's right to information would disappear. Section 11 is a procedural requirement that gives third party an opportunity to voice and objection in releasing the information,\" Gandhi said.He said the procedure of Section 11 did not give a third party an unrestrained veto to refuse disclosing information.On the question of invasion of privacy, Gandhi said the state has no right to invade the privacy of an individual. \"However, there are some extraordinary situations where the state may be allowed to invade the privacy of a citizen,\" he added.Gandhi was of the opinion that various public authorities routinely ask for \"personal\" information from citizens and this is clearly seen as a public activity. He added that when a citizen provides information in discharging a statutory obligation, that too is a public activity.Former chief information commission Wajahat Habibullah said while he would not comment on the particular case, in normal circumstances, passport details would be considered private information. \"The decision could lead to a legal tussle,\" he admitted.Centre for Advocacy and Research executive director Akhila Sivadas said disclosure would be justified depending on the context. \"If there is public interest, then it is fine. But if there is invasion of privacy, there are legal safeguards to protect individual interests,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031090", "title": "Saas-bahus and beyond Indian television", "text": "\"My son is very conscientious. He likes every thing in its rightful place. He doesn't like even one drop of the dessert spilling on his plate. It all needs to be in the bowl. So make sure you serve him properly. Got it bahu?\" Says the mother-in-law to her daughter-in-law, looking at her son for affirmation while the father-in-law looks on approvingly and the 'son' sits zip-mouthed at the head of the table, nodding in response to his mother's smothering question. Sounds familiar? It could have been taken straight out of any of those umpteen typical saas-bahu sagas famous in the decade of 2000s. Those were the days when such dramas ruled the Indian television, both the matinee and primetime slots, inspiring many a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, embroiling them in a power struggle.After a sumptuous lunch, homemaker mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law sat glued to the television screen, each of them relating in part to the characters being portrayed on screen and Ekta Kapoor came to be known as the queen of small screen dramas. Thousands of miles away, the whole set-up replicated itself as the same dramas were screened on Zee TV Americas or the Star Plus USA versions. In May 2008, my Venezuelan co-worker stopped me in the hallway and spoke about a Hindi serial that was being aired in his Homestead Hotel suite. He was hooked from that day onward and every other day he would stop by to tell me what was happening in the show, including some of the dialogues that he would understand through the subtitles. He would be curious to know why women would wear jewelry and heavy brocaded saris to work in the kitchen, how marriages have so much red in them and why widows wear white and have all these restrictions. I would sit patiently answering his questions, mentally chuckling at our conversation.Fast-forward to the current decade. Scoot over saas-bahu serials, said the raw emotion filled, passionate romantic dramas with a heavy undercurrent and sizzling lead chemistry. TV series directors and producers like Ekta Kapoor, Gul Khan and Nissar Parvej saw an opportunity to strike gold once again. Soap operas like Iss Pyaar ko kya naam doon, Ek Hazaron mein meri behna hain, Diya aur Baati Hum, Dil Mil Gaye and the recently much-famous controversial love story Bade Acche Lagte Hain, names in themselves that are a mouthful, continue to make waves across the international circuit. Recent announcements like Barun Sobti, the lead of Iss Pyaar Ko, bagging the Public Award for the Best Lead Actor (Male) or the much famous Ram Kapoor and Saakshi Tanwar, the lead actors of Bade Acche Lagte Hain winning the Best Jodi award at the Global Indian Film and Television Honours are proof of this new trend. Recently BBC Asia interviewed the lead actors of Iss Pyaar Ko in separate 45-minute interviews that were heard and commented on by thousands of viewers across the world. Teen-aged girls start to go ga-ga over the lead actors while desperate online Youtube viewers halfway across the globe, wait twiddling their thumbs for the latest video to get uploaded so they can start commenting, predict the future storyline and such. Smartly cashing in on this fad are also corporations like Raza.com the calling card company, or entrepreneurs like Prem Jyotish the astrologer who sponsor primetime shows on the corresponding NRI Television channels.However, also gaining immense popularity by the side are shows like Punar Vivah or Phir Subah Hogi, that highlight social issues like widow-remarriage and downplay orthodox customs and traditions. The small screen has also successfully managed to lure major celebrities from the silver screen be it Raveena Tandon running her own show and inviting the who's who of Bollywood or the recent thriller series Chhal written by the action film maker-duo Abbas Mustan. Of particular interest is the upcoming show Satyameva Jayate which promises to be of the people, for the people and by the people and vows to take the nation by storm. The recent promos released by the dashing debonair Aamir Khan and the official song which has garnered more than 600K views on Youtube within a couple of days of its release are witness to this. The fact that it will be dubbed in the four south languages as well as the decision that that the peoples channel Doordarshan and Star Plus, the private channel would both be airing it so it could reach the masses, even those who cannot afford cable, is commendable. Reality shows have also taken the nation by storm as channel after channel now encourages new talent be it dance, music, stand-up comedy or any other talent. Parents are more open to let their children step foot into this world as they now appreciate the fame that comes along. Indians worldwide furiously punch numbers on their Vonage phones wanting to vote for their favourite contestant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "13027274", "title": "Trinamool worker battered to death", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A group of eight to 10 attackers assaulted and hacked a 48-year-old Trinamool Congress worker in Halisahar on Saturday night. Dulal Burman - the victim - succumbed to his injuries at RG Kar hospital on Sunday morning. Two other Trinamool men - Sadhan Das and Shyamal Male - also sustained serious injurious when they tried to save their party colleague.The attack, according to sources, was triggered by Burman's altercation with another faction of Trinamool workers over municipality- allocated drainage contracts hours before he was brutally killed. Around 5.30pm on Saturday, Burman - a decade-old active Trinamool worker - even got embroiled in a brawl with his opposite faction.A couple of hours later, the victim was inside the Banimandir Trinamool party office along with Das and Male when a gang of nearly 10 people came looking for him. The gang pounced on Burman after calling him out of the party office. They rained blows on the victim with sticks and bamboo before slashing him with a knife.Burman's wife Purnima told police, \"My husband was associated with the Trinamool for over a decade. People known to him had killed him. It was a pre-planned murder.\"Though she hinted at infighting, local MLA Partha Bhowmik responded, \"Hired killers engaged by the CPM were behind the murder. I have told as much to the police and have urged them for a proper inquiry.\" He reasoned, \"Ever since Trinamool came to power, the rule of law has prevailed and it has stopped the sporadic political violence here. Some people clearly don't like this and are behind it.\"However, CPM state committee member Nepal Deb Bhattacharya held a rift within Trinamool for the incident. \"The murder is the outcome of a bitter rivalry among Trinamool members over municipality works,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026898", "title": "Kids here have two dozen \u2018grandparents\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are football matches on the lawns of this old age home every evening and about half its residents go to school. The Ayudham Society for Old and Infirm at Rewla Khanpur, Najafgarh, is also home to the young and sprightly. It's win-win for all parties. The senior citizens have a way to spend their time - tutoring kids, sharing stories, sending them on errands. The kids have two-dozen dada-dadis.Little over two years ago, Ayudham, with funds contributed by industrialists, built a free residence for poor kids on the premises of the then 16-year-old paid oldage home. \"The idea behind the Astha project was that the elderly don't feel lonely and the kids get affection,\" says a founder-member of Ayudham, A K Anand. The Delhi government's much-touted plans of integrating the old and young at a Dwarka home - the proposal was made in 2009 - never took off. But Ayudham is growing. A new wing will open in May and this time a batch of girls aged five-eight will move in.Now, there are 22 boys aged 5-17; last year they were admitted to an English-medium government school in Daulatpur. Neelam Sharma, 63, helps with the English part. She came with her husband, an ex-army man, two years ago and tutors the older kids, participates in their cultural programmes and goes to their school as their daadi on Mother's Day.\"The night before the boys came to me and asked me to dress well for the event. There was a competition,\" she says laughing. \"I wore my best silk suit and pashmina shawl. I was dressed for a party.\" She was finally pressed into judging the contest.\"They're like my own kids,\" she says of the children from backgrounds vastly different from her own. Sharma has four sons and four grandkids, all of them living away.Sharma knows which kids are smart (Harch, 8, is a straight 'A' student) or cried the most (Aman, 6, is a lot calmer now) or dance well (Rohit, 10, does a mean 'Yeh hai Jalwa'). She knows some of their birthdays (Vishal, 12, shares his birthday on September 8 with her son) and nearly all of their names. For those she can't remember, she has nicknames. She calls Divyansh, 6, \"Golu-molu\".The children go to \"No. 4\" for stories. Its occupant, 88 year-old Rajmani Jain, is an Ayudham resident for 17 years with no grandchildren. \"She tells us stories about helping others, being good,\" says Arjun (13). Of course, they chose her to play a prank on. They bolted her in for a short while. \"She made us duck-walk down the corridor,\" says Suraj (15), laughing. A 10th grader, he is currently the oldest child at the home.\"They are from EWS families,\" says Shri Krishan (80). \"Hopefully when they grow up, they won't be EWS anymore.\" Having taught delinquents at Ethan Allen Boys School in Wisconsin, the USA, for 32 years, Krishan tutors kids in math and science as a \"hobby\" in the evenings.\"Books should be written in a way that children can read them at home,\" he says. \"They don't want to study. I have to hammer it in.\"There are also birthday parties, cultural programmes and treats for work well-done. They are missed when they go home on holidays. But considering the several decades between the two groups, there are limits to their teamwork. \"They go on picnics frequently,\" says Sharma, \"I don't. I can't walk so much with my arthritis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13027564", "title": "New alliance? Hooda holds rally with Kiran Choudhry in Narnaul", "text": "GURGAON: In a strategic move, apparently to weaken his opponents inside the Congress party in southern Haryana, CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda addressed a huge rally at Nangal Chaudhry in Narnaul district on Sunday. The CM got the support of Bhiwani MLA Kiran Choudhry and her MP daughter Shruti at the venue, the people of which have been staunch supporters of Hooda's arch rival Rao Inderjit Singh, the Gurgaon MP.Hooda and the Choudhry duo addressing the rally from a single platform has also stunned many since the two families have been better known as arch rivals for long. Political observers said this cloud be the beginning of a new episode in Haryana Congress.However, beyond the political implications, Hooda's visit to one of the most arid regions in Haryana brought some good news for locals. Hooda said that the state government was %implementing a Rs 161-crore scheme for %providing drinking water to the 64 villages in %the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028901", "title": "150 RKDF College of Technology and Research students booked for rioting", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have booked 150 RKDF students late on Saturday night on charges of rioting and obstructing government work. The engineering students allegedly went on the rampage, damaging college property, setting two buses on fire on the college campus against the alleged suicide by their colleague, Pancham in the afternoon.The police have registered two cases against the students. The first case has been registered on a complaint of institute's administrative officer Sudheer Sharma. Another case has been filed for allegedly pelting stones, resulting in some police personnel sustaining minor injuries.The police said 11 persons were arrested and later released on bail late Thursday night. Efforts are on to nab the remaining ones. Those arrested have been identified as Ramesh, Pankaj, Shahsi Ranjan, Ravi, Rahul, Ashish , Gaurav Nitin, Ayush and Abhijeet.After the angry students allegedly set two college buses on fire, damaged vehicles, property and resorted to stone-pelting tension gripped the institute campus near Misrod on Hoshangabad road.The trouble began when the student, Pancham, 18, was found hanging in his hostel room on the campus on Saturday.Body handed over to kinThe body of the deceased was handed over to his relatives after the post-mortem on Sunday. The police said the deceased uncle Chinta Mani and brother Gulab Chand and other relatives came to the city from Uttar Pradesh to take the body. The deceased, who came from the farmers' family, was the youngest of five brothers, the police said.College gives Rs 5.5L cheque to kinThe college management has given a cheque of Rs 5.5 lakh to the family as an assistance, said TI Bahadur Singh Bamne. The exact reason for youth to commit suicide is still not clear a day after the incident. While the police believed that Pancham took the extreme step after he flunked examinations, students alleged that he was under the pressure to clear the college's dues. The police said the case was being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028509", "title": "Fossilized teeth of shark found in Dhar", "text": "INDORE: A group of local researchers on Sunday claimed to have discovered the fossilized teeth and bones of three generations of shark at Bagh belt in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh , 125km from Indore.Recently, the region had hogged the limelight for discovery of dinosaur fossils. Palaeontologists believe that the shark's teeth and jaw fossils found are around 6.5 crore years to more than 10 crore years old.\"We have discovered three rare fossils of shark's teeth and jaws from Bagh belt during excavation. While one fossil appears to be 6.5 crore-year old, another seems to be around 8 crores year old. The third fossil is more than 10 crore years old,\" said Vishal Verma, local palaeontologist, who has been working in the area for several years and have even discovered several dinosaur fossils. He said that the longest fossil teeth are 14 cm long and well preserved in rock. It is of a baby shark of around 5 to 6 feet long. The fossils discovered belong to three different eras and were found from three different layers of earth.\"This is the first time when fossil of three different eras have been found at one fossil site,\" said Verma, adding that it reveals the rich bio-diversity of Narmada valley. Presence of dinosaurs to shark, besides several kinds of flora and fauna has already been confirmed.Assistant professor of Hawrah College of Engineering, Tapas Gandhopadhya said that he too had found fossil of shark's predecessor at Bagh Belt around two years back. Though Narmada valley is very rich in fossils, but unfortunately they were not being preserved, he added.Geological Survey of India (GSI) also believed in the possibility of shark fossil in the area. A series of excavations in the past had even confirmed the presence of fossils of dinosaurs, ostrich, hippopotamus, stegodon, predecessors of homosapien and other animals in the region.\"A team of geologist from the GSI had earlier mentioned about it. The area had one of the richest bio-diversity and it has huge collection of well-preserved fossils,\" said a GSI scientist.Experts said that the Narmada belt from Dahod to Jabalpur had dinosaur and shark millions of years ago. But the geographical typography developed over a period of time and dinosaur and shark got extinct from the Narmada valley. More experts are likely to visit the city anytime soon to ascertain the exact age of the fossils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13029352", "title": "Sunday shutdown spells cheer for saree traders, despair for shoppers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pawan Batra, owner of a silk and saree store in Ghumar Mandi, enjoyed his Sunday with family for the first time and so did the other workers at the store, as it remained shut for the first time on a Sunday since 1972. This could happen following a decision of the Silk and Sarees Association that all silk and saree stores would remain closed on Sundays throughout the year.While shopkeepers are happy to get a day's off, there are a few customers, who believe this isn't too good an idea. Batra said, \"I am happy to be able to spend my time like a man rather than working like a machine throughout the week.''Even the families of silk and saree store owners are happy about the decision. Sumiti Gupta, wife of Vipin Gupta, who owns a saree showroom on College Road, said, \"It is indeed a great decision as even families should be given some importance. Earlier, the Sundays would be boring, but we had a wonderful time this Sunday as Vipin was with us.''Raina Singh, 15, daughter of Kanwaldeep Singh, who owns a shoroom on Mall Road, hailed the decision as she said, \"I am very happy as my dad is with us on Sunday rather than being at the showroom. I have convinced him to take us for a movie.''The women in the city, particularly the ones working, did not like the decision. \"Sunday is the only day when we have time to go out shopping,'' said Shivani Behal, a dentist from Gurdev Nagar.Dr Nitika, a Rajguru Nagar resident, said the decision would not go down well with women as they get to move out with their husbands only on Sundays mostly. \"And all the working women like me are free on Sundays. What we are concerned about is that even other traders' associations may follow the Sunday shutdown idea adding to the shoppers' woes. ''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029186", "title": "Education Capsule", "text": "Leadership AwardEuropean School of Management and Technology (ESMT) has announced that the 2012 ESMT Responsible Leadership Award will be conferred upon Mario Monti , PM of Italy. The awards ceremony will take place on June 13 as a part of the 5ESMT Annual Forum in Berlin . \"I am particularly proud to receive this award from ESMT, which since its founding has made the teaching, the principles of responsible leadership to future business leaders an integral part of its mission,\" said Monti.Investment For FutureThe Bologna Process Ministerial Conference held recently in Bucharest gathered ministers from across the European Higher Education Area (EHEA) and key stakeholder groups (including EUA) to outline the future priorities for the development of the EHEA in the context of the ongoing financial and economic crisis. The leaders stressed on the importance of sustainable funding and enhanced autonomy for Europe's universities, stressing also that investment in higher education should not be seen as expenditure but as an investment for Europe's future.Faculty AwardedJane Rogers, professor of writing on Sheffield Hallam University's postgraduate writing course, has won the Arthur C Clarke Award 2012 for her novel The Testament of Jessie Lamb. This was her first attempt in science fiction. Her book is named 'best science fiction novel of the year' in the genre's biggest literary awards. The new edition of her novel is due in July. The novel is set in a near-future world suffering from the aftermath of biological terrorism, and the release of the MDS (maternal death syndrome ) virus. Narrated by 16-year-old Jessie Lamb, the novel follows her decision to volunteer for an experimental programme to carry an immune embryo to term, a choice she can't survive.Indo-Swiss TieThe Embassy of Switzerland and Delhi Public School Society are celebrating 2012 as the year of Indo-Swiss friendship. The first phase of the project began on April 25 and will continue till May 10. Workshops , information on Switzerland, and its relations with India dating back to much beyond the 60 years officially recorded, will be presented in an interactive and innovative fashion. Subsequent to the workshops, students will be invited to take part in a series of activities across the summer vacations, which will include making an Indo-Swiss calendar, a brochure on the unexplored Switzerland and poster-making competitions, among others. The culmination of the project will be in July, with a quiz on the various aspects of Switzerland etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028419", "title": "Maharashtra, Delhi donate semen to MP", "text": "INDORE: The recently released Bollywood flick Vicky Donor might have plotted a Delhi-based Punjabi guy donating sperms for wannabe parents, still the character may not symbolize when it comes to the state. Call it marketing strategy of sperm banks or the quality of sperm, Maharashtra seems to be leading in this segment. The state receives maximum semen samples from cities such as Mumbai, Nagpur and Aurangabad apart from New Delhi.According to the city-based health experts, who are into the In-Vitro Fertilization (IVF) business, a treatment for infertility is required when other methods of assisted reproductive technology fail and in this, quality of sperm plays an important role as well as the mentality of the people.As cities like Mumbai, Nagpur and Delhi have open-minded people, comprising a large number of students, who are willing to donate their semen at a cost as it will help them meet their own expenses, it will facilitate with the availability of large number of samples in the state.Dr Dinesh Jain of Asian Institute of Fertility Management, says, \"Mumbai is a preferred city as people are open-minded and there is a large population of students that keep pouring in to the city. Apart from it, the quality of sperms is better than the sperms available in any other city.\" Though sperm banks operating in various cities market their product, a majority of doctors feel that quality of sperms is comparatively better in Mumbai, he added.Another reason why sperm samples are received from these cities is the fact that there is no sperm bank in the state where semen can be preserved as per the internationally accepted protocols, say doctors. According to Dr Asha Baxi of Disha Fertility and Surgical Centre, setting up a bank is a tedious job, which involves more of legwork to convince people in smaller cities. \"There are numerous hassles in setting up a semen bank. One has to approach people and convince them for donating semen. Moreover, people are less interested here to start this business,\" said Dr Baxi.On the other hand, Dr Jain said that the norms are strict and they involve lots of paper work. \"One has to keep record for a decade apart from regular screening. So managing all these things along with IVF centre is difficult and tedious,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13027092", "title": "'Will raise house, water taxes after the committee meeting'", "text": "The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena is in power in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) while the treasury is with the Congress. How will you reconcile these two since the manifestoes of the parties are also different?I will give preference to the benefit of the NMC. Every year, revenue is generated by the NMC, every year there is spillover of incomplete developmental work. This is nothing new, it happens quite often in case of developmental work. At least the NMC has not taken any loans for developmental projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) like many other municipal corporations. The right decision will be taken at the right time.As the chairman of the standing committee, what are your priorities?Godavari is the major focus. It will definitely be made pollution-free. In the backdrop of the upcoming Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2015, we will develop ring roads and parking lots, provide water supply, bathrooms and toilets, etc. We will see to it that the pilgrims do not face any inconvenience.Have you worked out on how much grant will be required for the Kumbh?We will discuss this issue in our meetings and then decide. The funds for all Kumbh-related work will come from the government.What is your take on the financial state of the NMC? How will you increase the income of the civic body?Traffic islands can be given on a build-operate-transfer basis to generate revenue. Boat clubs can be created in two places, at the Ahilyabai Holkar Bridge and near Jail Road, ahead of Tapovan. Boat clubs will also help in keeping the places clean. Tourism will increase.Are you planning to hike taxes?Once a decision is taken in the meeting about this issue, we will raise house tax, water tax, etc. The town planning department has not raised taxes from a long time so we are thinking of doing so.Which other sectors do you think can raise more funds?When the budget will be presented to us, we will think about how the sources of revenue are to be increased. We will think about it on a priority basis. The budget will be presented after May 25, we will see after that what decision needs to be taken.Are you satisfied with the budget proposal of the officiating municipal commissioner?I have not yet gone through it carefully.What do you think about the issue of the privatization of the Phalke Smarak and the planetarium?The decision whether to hand over Phalke Smarak and the planetarium to private parties for maintenance will be taken at the next meeting.Why did these two prestigious projects of the civic body fail?There was no proper planning for the two projects.What is your take on the cancellation of privatization of octroi collection by the ruling MNS?While taking any such decisions, it is important to have enough manpower and preparation. The centre had approved privatization to include the revenue from octroi in JNNURM projects. Before cancelling privatization, the ruling party should have thought about how the revenue would be generated with bare minimum staff.They cannot even make it binding on the employees that if Rs 603 crore is not generated from octroi collection, they will be punished.Are you saying that privatization was better?No. I am not supporting privatization. But when the ruling alliance knew that the period of the contractor is coming to an end, a proposal should have been sent to the government for recruiting more people in the NMC. They are indirectly supporting privatization. This dual stand is not right.Now, 14 lakh people will have to bear the burden of a tax hike because of 5% industrialists, which is not justified. All this is the responsibility of the ruling party. We don't mind how octroi is collected, through privatization or by the NMC, we just want the target to be achieved.Industrialists have been complaining about hooliganism in private octroi collection. Is this true?There have been complaints of hooliganism by octroi collection people but till date only two offences have been registered, and they have not been proven. Those who want to pay octroi are paying. Companies like Mahindra and Mahindra and MICO pay around 70% octroi tax but they never complain.The officiating municipal commissioner's decision for outsourcing octroi collection has invited criticism from all. What is your take on it?He does not have the right to outsource. He has to take permission of the standing committee and general body. The general body took the decision that the NMC will collect octroi but the officiating municipal commissioner offended the general body by taking his own decision. It is also wrong to include water, house tax and town planning employees and engineers for collection of octroi. There are only 20 inspectors when the requirement is 100.When the previous House had proposed recruitment, why did everyone oppose it?No, we did not. But for recruitment we need the government's approval.How much will recruitment cost to the exchequer?Recruitment will burden the exchequer by Rs 25 crore.What if the government scraps octroi?In that case, some decision and solution for revenue will be given by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028843", "title": "Man booked for murder of sister-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: A 38-year-old man has been slapped charges of murder after his sister-in-law succumbed to her injuries inflicted by him earlier this week. Gourishankar Kolte, who is now on the run, had assaulted Sandhya Gudadhe accusing her for aiding his wife and son to runaway with his younger brother. Sandhya was declared dead at a government hospital on Sunday.Gaurishankar, a resident of Balabhaupeth, was addicted to alcohol and used to harass wife Sarita frequently. Sarita would often seek solace with her brother-in-law Rohit who also would help Sarita. He would also look after his nephew. Hassled by Gaurishankar's regular torture, Sarita allegedly left home with Rohit on April 28. She also took along her son. Gaurishankar had been irregular at work and often engaged in gambling.This act of wife and younger brother left Gourishankar enraged. He went to Sarita's elder sister Sandhya's place charging her with encouraging illicit relation between his wife and younger brother. During the course of heated argument, Gaurishankar thrashed Sandhya. Being a cardiac patient, Sandhya collapsed after being hit on her chest and stomach. Sandhya was rushed to the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital where she was declared dead after spending three days fighting for life.Police said the family had earlier come under scanner of the cops in 2008 when an offence of issuing threat was registered against Gaurishankar, his now estranged wife Sarita and another family member. Pachpaoli police are probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13029018", "title": "Hillary lands in fortress city, to meet CM today", "text": "KOLKATA: US secretary of state Hillary Clinton touched down in Kolkata on Sunday afternoon with a big entourage of officials and security personnel . They threw a tight security ring around her even as she went about her engagements quickly, but with the flair and eagerness that one associates with her.All eyes would, however, remain fixed on Hillary's meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday where the two leaders are likely to discuss, among other issues, the Teesta water sharing agreement. Fresh from her Bangladesh trip, she is likely to discuss the contentious issue when she meets Mamata.Hillary landed at Kolkata airport at 12.55pm. Clad in a dark blue suit, the former US first lady then boarded a greyish blue Land Cruiser, which took her straight to Taj Bengal . She is staying at a presidential suite of the hotel. Her car was driven by a woman - evidently symbolizing the empowerment of women that she has been striving for.She then went to the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) where she watched performances of girls rescued from traffickers. She also spoke to representatives of non-governmental organizations on women's empowerment and how to stop trafficking of women and young girls.The NGO leaders told her that the dated law in the country needed to change, and more funds should go into women and child development. After spending around an hour, giving them a patient hearing and having great fun watching the soulful performances, Clinton headed for the Victoria Memorial Hall.She was very impressed with the Gaganendranath Tagore paintings there.It is being said that her meeting with Mamata on Monday will be closely watched by Delhi, Dhaka and Washington because the ramifications are likely to be far-reaching .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034247", "title": "Siddharth is not acting in Vickey Donor remake", "text": "Reports of Siddharth buying the Telugu and Tamil remake rights of Vickey Donor have been doing the rounds the last couple of days. Here is the latest on the issue. Apparently it is Sashi of Y Not Studios, a good friend of Siddharth who purchased the remake rights of the movie. A source close to Siddharth says that the actor however will be co-producing the movie along with Sashi. However, Siddharth is not going to be playing the lead in the movie as is being speculated. \"Siddharth is definitely not going to act in the remake of Vickey Donor,\" says his manager, Ram. More details will be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13028389", "title": "Buddha's 2600 years of enlightenment not an event for many Indian states", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While most Asian countries are planning to exploit the occasion of 2,600 years of enlightenment of Buddha, seven Indian states having Buddhist heritage have not spent anything substantial to tap tourists from Buddhist-majority Asian tiger economies and China, during the last two decades .RTI data collected by Yamunanagar-based Buddhist Forum, working for preservation for Buddhist sites across South Asia , has revealed that except for Archaeological Survey of India in a few cases, states having Hindu, Sikh and Muslim majorities, on their own have not made any effort to tap the potential.The Buddhist Forum's main force, Siddharth Gauri, told The Times of India that Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh , Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, New Delhi and Rajasthan were asked 12 questions related to how much they spent on protection, excavation, preservation, fencing, security, tourism promotion and propagation, providing toilets, drinking water, pathways and lighting of ancient Buddhist sites between 1990 and 2011 under each individual state's jurisdiction.The forum also sought information on how much of total budget was spent on all sites under each state, the listing of such sites, expenditure on exploration, documentation of loose sculptures and research in various institutions.The shocker of information came from Uttar Pradesh, till recently ruled by a Buddha admirer-chief minister Mayawati , saying that no site was found under state jurisdiction despite the fact that Mathura's Gobindnagar appears to be a site under state's jurisdiction. The state did not spend even a single rupee on this count.Gauri, however, showed the picture of a signboard declaring that Gobindnagar site is under state archeology department and a fine of Rs 5,000 may be slapped if somebody is found causing harm to the site. Regions of Uttar Pradesh had played important roles in spread of Buddhism as Buddha delivered his first sermon at Sarnath near Banaras.Bihar, where Buddha got enlightenment 2600 years back, has failed to protect, maintain, promote and equip three sites under its jurisdiction. Taradih site, close to Bodh Gaya temple, is a picture of utter neglect to the extent that it has become a waste dump site. Similar is the position of Parvati Hills site.Punjab, Himachal, Delhi and Rajasthan have drawn a blank in terms of spending money on these twelve counts. Rajasthan said it did not have any site, but failed to carry out any exploration at Kama and Au sites. Punjab handed over Sanghol site to Archeological Survey of India in 2000.The only states that spent some money on Buddhist sites are Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir. Haryana spent Rs 75,84,448 between 2005 and 2010 for preserving Chaneti stupa in Yamunangar district, but could not even stop encroachment of a site where a great culture of Sugh flourished at the time of Buddha. The state did not promote its Buddhist heritage and failed to undertake exploration at Aherwan, Badhas, Amin, Sandhay and Mewat.Jammu and Kashmir has spent just Rs 2.57 lakh on Parhaspora Pattan site in Baramulla district and the budget came down to just Rs 3,500 in 2008-2009. There are many unattended sites in the state.The apathy of states towards Buddhist heritage is surprising in the wake of the fact that the enlightenment event could have been used by India, where Buddha achieved liberation, instead of Thailand and Sri Lanka cashing on the biggest event in the history of Buddhism. As per a UN estimate, around 300 million to 330 million people across the globe go on religious tourism and Asia is best placed to benefit from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027250", "title": "Sealing drive: South corporation files eight FIRs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly formed South Delhi Municipal Corporation has intensified the drive against illegal construction by lodging eight FIRs against builders in Vasant Kunj and the neighbouring areas.Officials say these builders are serial offenders and some buildings were even sealed earlier. In the past four months, south zone officials say, more than 50 FIRs have been registered against such builders.A lot of construction activity is going on in Kishangarh, Freedom Fighters' Colony, Mehrauli, Chattarpur and Chattarpur Extension. \"The illegally constructed portions in all buildings were demolished. Despite the seal-and-demolition drive, unauthorized construction is rampant in the city,'' said an official.In March, the south zone of the erstwhile MCD took action against 21 properties, including 11 in Sanik Farms. Corporation officials say more than 150 properties have been partially or completely demolished in the south zone since this January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027697", "title": "Russell Market: Cops pickholes in sabotage theory", "text": "BANGALORE: Police are not convinced by the findings of the electrical inspectorate that the Russell Market fire that gutted 177 of the 440 shops in the 87-year-old heritage structure was the result of sabotage and not a short circuit.The report forwarded to the police points out that the fact that all main switches remained off during the February 25 fire ruled out short circuit as a cause and said the blaze could be the handiwork of miscreants.However, police found too many gaping holes in the three-page report and sent it back to the Karnataka State Electrical Inspectorate, Bangalore East, seeking further clarifications, sources privy to the development told the Times of India.Not convinced by the miscreants-set-it-off theory, police are waiting to hear from the Forensic Sciences Laboratory on the cause. The sources said that police will wait for the opinion from other agencies like the fire department on the electrical inspectorate report before firming up an opinion.The fire and emergency services department and the Bescom, meanwhile, said they were yet to receive the electrical inspectorate report.Sources in the Russell Market Traders' Association (RMTA) confirmed to the TOI that the electrical inspectorate personnel had told them a fortnight after the mishap that the blaze was the handiwork of miscreants and not result of short circuit.\"Electrical inspectorate staff told us to get the wiring for the entire building re-done and not just the parts of the building which were gutted. We spent Rs 4 lakh to do that. The question is who will gain from burning down this market?\" said a trader, on condition of anonymity.Traders believe that people around the market are very friendly and live off the market and there is no possibility of anyone around the place attempting such a sabotage. One trader said that local political bigwigs had a plan to remodel the building into a mall-like complex and were hoping to benefit from the realty fallout.Another trader claimed that Russell Market fire was reflecting some tectonic shifts under way in Shivajinagar politics where netas were looking to shift bases.\"BBMP men first told us that they are under pressure to remodel the building and create additional floor space. The political pressure to raze down the building could not be executed due to the media coverage underlining the heritage value of the structure,\" he explained.Second time mischiefFire on BBMP properties appears to be getting murkier by the day.On November 19, 2011, a fire had destroyed several files in the BMTF station located in the BBMP headquarters. The electrical inspectorate had then concluded that the fire was not the result of short circuit, but the handiwork of miscreants.Mall plot behind the conspiracy theory?The sabotage theory now lends a new twist to the Russell Market fire story. The city's landmark flower and vegetable market has not been the same since the February 25 fire.After the blaze, BBMP said that the building was unsafe. It said that the building will be razed down and the old heritage market will make way for a remodeled market complex, having three floors and an underground basement for parking facility.With the BBMP not lifting a finger to renovate the gutted market, traders on their own refurbished their burnt stalls and re-opened it. Bescom, however, refused to resume power supply to the building citing the civic body's refusal to give the no-objection certificate.The traders, however, have remained firm and are operatinjg their stalls using generators during the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13028301", "title": "Prisoner attempts suicide by eating light-bulb", "text": "MADURAI: In an effort to escape inquiry from officials, a prisoner attempted to eat a bulb in the prison premises and had to be admitted in the Government Rajaji Hospital.Rajapandi from Ramanathapuram was locked up in Madurai Central Prison on various theft charges. On Saturday afternoon, he broke a CFL light fixed in the prison premises and consumed the glass pieces. Other prisoners who witnessed the incident immediately alerted prison officials who rushed him to the GRH. He is being treated for the injuries and his condition is said to be improving.Prison sources said that two days ago, prison officials found a cell phone and charger in front of Rajapandi's cell. As cell phones are banned among prisoners, the officials seized the cell phone and charger and interrogated Rajapandi on Saturday. Fearing that the officials may take action against him, he attempted suicide by consuming the bulb. Rajapandi had attempted the same act last year as well, but was saved after officials rushed him to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13031361", "title": "Threat of plastic bags bigger than atom bomb: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The supreme court on Monday said the threat of plastic bags, which is choking lakes, ponds and urban sewer system, is bigger than the atom bomb for the next generation.Issuing notice in a PIL to the Centre and state governments, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said unless a total ban on plastic bags was put in place the situation would be uncontrollable.The PIL petitioners through senior advocate Shyam Divan cited studies showing veterinary hospital operation data finding 30-50 kg of plastic in cows stomachs across the country.He said generally people dispose of food in plastic bags in municipal bins. Attracted by the food the cows eat it up along with the plastic bag, which is found to get stuck inside the cow's stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027116", "title": "Illegal colonies in transfer lock", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three new municipal corporations have refused to take over the unauthorized colonies which have been, or will be, denotified by Delhi Development Authority (DDA). After the Lalita Park building collapse, in which MCD was accused of negligence, the civic agency had decided not to take over denotified colonies until DDA provided them with the layouts and aerial maps.\"We have learnt our lessons the hard way. After the building collapse in Lalita Park, it had been decided that MCD will not take over any unauthorized colony denotified by DDA till they provide us with layouts or aerial maps,'' said an official with the building department of East Delhi Municipal Corporation. He added, \"We should at least have basic details like the total area of the unauthorized colony, number of plots, built-up area and buildings which have been booked by DDA for illegal construction. Otherwise, how are we supposed to takeover? Most of the illegal construction takes place in these areas.\"Due to the delay, areas like Ashok Nagar, Madhu Vihar and Chander Nagar have not been taken over. Some of the colonies are among the 1,218 unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization.The demand for aerial maps was raised by MCD after the Lalita Park building collapse, and it was approved by LG Tejendra Khanna last year. \"Since DDA has not provided us with aerial maps, we have not been able to take over the denotified colonies. The matter was raised in the last nodal steering committee meeting in March this year, and we had reiterated our demand. Still, DDA is not ready to give us the aerial maps,'' said Manish Gupta, commissioner of South Delhi Municipal Corporation, who was then the chairman of the nodal steering committee.Officials say details like the number of buildings in a colony and a rough assessment of the built-up area are essential, as the power to sanction building plans and initiate action against unauthorized construction will rest with the civic agency after the takeover. \"Though the area was denotified in 2010-11, we are still waiting for the layouts or maps. We just want a broad idea of the colonies' layout, so that no problems are encountered once they are regularized,'' said an official. Sources say DDA will have to provide the layouts or aerial maps of all the colonies that it will denotify in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027007", "title": "Adarsh panel ignored crucial proof: Army", "text": "MUMBAI: The judicial commission's findings that the Adarsh land belongs to the Maharashtra government shows its desperation to disprove the army's ownership claims, the local army unit of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa (MG&G;) said in an internal report.The 15-page report submitted to the army headquarters said the commission relied on an anonymous document. The army said the commission ignored two crucial pieces of evidence to show the land had been reclaimed in 1930s. The evidence: Then city collector Pradeep Vyas or officials have not produced any record of reclamation in block 6, where the Adarsh building stands, from 1930 to 1973, when BEST reclaimed the plot and the commission has not considered the 1926 Justice Mears Committee recommendation of filling of foreshore land from block 3 to 6 to an average width of 3,000 ft seawards of the present shoreline. Foreshore land is the part of a shore between water and occupied/cultivated land.\"That this filling was done speedily in 1930 is proved by the 1957 and1973 Survey of India maps. Apart from this, military construction on this land dates back to the 1940s. The commission further accepted this but chose to award the land to the government,'' the report said.The army said there was ambiguity and contradiction pertaining to the time of reclamation of the land. The report said, \"The commission accepted a document by the Maharashtra government that the land where Adarsh stands was under water in 1973. But, on the other hand, the commission accepts the existence of the strip of land as been in the possession of the military since 1941. So, it is beyond comprehension to why the commission, despite factual evidence and clear admission of the land existing prior to 1937, has accepted the government's claim as the land was under water in 1967 and thus could not have been occupied by anyone else.''On the commission saying the 1935 Central notification does not list the land as property owned by the defence, the report said it was meant for properties retained for future use by the federal government. \"Lands like in the Adarsh case, which are in use by the army, are not required to be notified. If the commission's interpretation is accepted, it would mean all land in Colaba would not be defence land as they are not part of the 12 entries listed in the 1935 notification,'' the report said.The army claimed that the commission misinterpreted the 1958 letter by concluding that the defence wants to exchange the 41 acres given by the defence in Santa Cruz to the state, with the one acre of Adarsh in block 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031654", "title": "The 10 Worst Mother's Day gifts ever", "text": "It's Mother's Day, that time of year when you let mom know how much you appreciate everything she's done for you.But sometimes those expressions of love get lost in translation, like when you somehow convince yourself one of the following gifts will result in smiles and hugs ... and not the kind of blowback you haven't seen since you flunked biology. If you're looking to rub your maternal unit the wrong way this year, go ahead and wrap one of these babies up. But let's face it: It's gonna be tough telling the guys at the office you've been grounded.A kitchen appliance: This woman has spent years cramming food down your gob. A kitchen tool will seem less like a \"Thank you\" and more like a, \"Hey, Ma! Can you whip me up another meatloaf?\"Bathroom accoutrements: The idea of brightening up the commode with a gold-plated toilet brush or beautiful new soap dish is all well and good, but she's gonna look at it and think one thing: crap.Lingerie: Unless you have a special relationship with mom that would bring prosecution in all 50 states, this creepy notion will bring the holiday to a screaming halt ... and probably lead to your needing to register with local authorities.A gift certificate: \"Dear Mom, I just couldn't be bothered to put any effort into thinking about what you might want, so here's this.\"A pet: Your mom is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel of taking care of you. She's thinking pedis and mah-jongg -- not starting from scratch raising a brand-new helpless creature.Fruit of the month club: Not exclusively a bad Mother's Day gift. This is the kind of monumentally awful gift that can ruin any occasion.A fancy vacuum cleaner: \"It's time for you to take life a little easier, Ma. Use this!\" Well, that might be a functionally sound concept. But for a woman who just spent half her life cleaning up after you, this idea sucks.Lunch at any restaurant with laminated menus: While Hooter's and IHOP are time-honored institutions, they won't exactly scream \"special occasion.\" Any screaming you hear will likely be X-rated and directed at you if you choose to take her to one of these joints.Automotive supplies: Nothing says I really am an unsentimental, self-involved son like a brand-new set of white walls!A gym membership: Your mother passes as many health clubs as you do every day. So if she hasn't signed up for anything yet, she's not looking for a reminder from you that she needs to get in shape. Stick with chocolates on her special day. You can tell her she's fat tomorrow.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "13027141", "title": "Macherla bypoll likely to make Cong sweat", "text": "MACHERLA: The Congress finds itself in disarray for the Macherla bypoll. Especially since the party has ignored appointing a constituency in-charge for nearly one year despite local legislator Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy's growing proximity to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy. Earlier, the party had asked two former legislators - Pinnelli Lakshma Reddy and Kurri Punnareddy - to jointly handle the election campaigning till an in-charge was appointed.Later, they named Lakshma Reddy as its nominee leaving the followers of Punnareddy fretting and fuming.Macherla was considered as a Congress stronghold in the past mainly because of the Reddy dominance with an electorate of about 25,000. But with a majority of the Reddys likely to walk go with YSR Congress, chances of Congress retaining the seat is marginal, said a political analyst.Meanwhile, the opposition TDP is fancying its chances with the support of Kamma and other backward class votes. BCs form a good chunk of the total electorate at around 32,000, closely after SCs who number around 35,000.Tribal (Sugali) thandas are likely to go along with the dominant castes despite having around 11,000 votes. Kapus have 17,000 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027319", "title": "Govt set to clear Rs 2,900 crore deal for trainer jets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is finally set to clear the long delayed Rs 2,900 crore deal for acquisition of 75 Swiss Pilatus basic trainer aircraft (BTA) to initiate rookie pilots into the inherently-dangerous art of combat flying.IAF has been forced to use virtually obsolete planes for years to train its new pilots because of huge delays in its acquisition plans for 181 BTA, 85 IJTs (intermediate jet trainers) and 106 AJTs (advanced jet trainers).This when over 39% of the 1,010 or so crashes recorded by IAF since 1970 have been attributed to \"human error (aircrew)'', which is often a deadly result of inadequate training.\"Technical defects'' in ageing machines like the Russian-origin MiG fleets, coupled with shoddy maintenance, is the other big killer. Defence minister A K Antony last week admitted in Parliament that 482 MiGs had crashed since 1971-72, killing 171 pilots and 48 others.Pilatus PC-7 Mark-II had emerged the cheapest among other contenders like American Hawker-Beechcraft's T-6C Texan-II and Korean Aerospace's KT-1 after technical and commercial evaluation. But the contract has been hanging fire due to allegations of irregularities, as was reported by TOI last year.But with Korean Aerospace's representation being found \"devoid of merit'', as Antony told Rajya Sabha on May 2, the deal is likely to get the green signal from the Cabinet Committee on Security this week, officials said.Delivery of the Pilatus turbo trainers will begin 15 months after the contract is inked, with 24 aircraft being delivered within 25 months to ensure basic training on them can kick off soon.This is critical since the 114 ageing piston-engine HPT-32 aircraft, which long served as the BTA for new pilots, have been grounded since August 2009 after one of them crashed killing the pilot. Since then, the even older Kiran aircraft are being used for Stage-I and Stage-II (fighter) training.IAF is also slated to get another 106 BTA designed and developed by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) from 2016 onwards. But HAL is already way behind schedule to begin delivering 85 IJTs to replace the Kirans from June 2012 onwards as promised.India took two decades to ink the first contract for British Hawk AJTs. After first ordering 66 twin-seat Hawks in March 2004 and then another 57 in July 2010, at a combined overall project cost running into Rs 16,000 crore, India has now ordered another 20 AJTs.While the first 123 Hawks will train new IAF and Navy pilots in advanced combat flying, the last 20 are meant for the famous Surya Kiran aerobatics team. At present, IAF has inducted over 60 Hawks. The overall AJT project, with 24 supplied directly by BAE Systems and 122 to be licensed manufactured by HAL in India, will cost well over Rs 20,000 crore by the time it's completed in 2016-2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032641", "title": "Samsung wants 60% smartphone marketshare in India", "text": "Buoyed by its successful launches, Samsung Electronics hopes to increase its share in the 18-19 million unit Indian smartphone market to 60 per cent in the current year.\"Our smartphone market share in India was 45 per cent at the end of the first quarter of this year. We are looking at capturing 60 per cent of the market this year\" Country Head, Samsung Mobile and IT, Ranjit Yadav told PTI. The Smartphone market in India is set to grow from around eight million units in 2011 to around 18-19 million units in 2012, he said.In the first four months of the current year, the company has announced the launch of 10 new mobile handsets. This includes its new dual-SIM smartphones like Galaxy Y Duos and Galaxy Y Pro Duos, taking the basket to 19 in the price range between Rs. 7,830 and Rs. 38,290.To consolidate its position in India, the company is planning a series of launches in the coming months. The third generation version of its successful \"Galaxy S\" series was recently launched in London . \"India, one of the world's largest mobile market, is indeed very important to us as it contributes substantial portion of our global sales. We see India as one of key growth markets 2012 going forward, especially in smartphone segment where we have observed overwhelming growth in last couple of quarters,\" he said.Yadav said company's India strategy is to provide the best possible mobile devices to enrich customers' mobile lifestyle. \"Based on this strategy, we are focusing on maximizing our reach to Indian customers and fulfilling their needs through active customisation and localisation for the Indian market,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027979", "title": "Animal Rescue Kerala in search of a new guiding light", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After 10 years of selfless service at the Animal Rescue Kerala (ARK), UK-national Avis Lyons is looking for someone to take over the organization.Lyons (70), who is suffering from cancer, says she wants to return to the UK to spend her days with her family and friends.\"ARK is my legacy to the animals of Kerala. They are my dogs and I have grown terribly attached to them. But cancer has made it really difficult for me to stay on. I was diagnosed in 2009 and I have been trying to find a suitable management to take over the running and financing of the ARK but no one wants to spend money on strays. I will continue to remain until I leave the centre in safe hands,\" she said.Lyons set up ARK on 1.5 acres of prime land at Kovalam in 2001 to implement the Animal Birth Control/Anti Rabies (ABC/AR) programme.A hospital, education centre, puppy house, cattery, and kennels are part of the built-up area. Approximately 200 animals, dogs, cats, puppies and kittens, can be housed at any given time.The undeveloped land, also walled, is currently used as an area for dogs to run and play. This area would lend itself to be further developed perhaps for staff accommodation or further kennelling. The hospital treats sick or injured stray dogs and offers a reduced rate/free health service to pets (depending on the owner's financial circumstances).The ARK started the ABC/AR programme in 2002. It had recently signed an MoU with the city corporation to conduct the ABR programme in Vizhinjam, free of cost. ARK has till date conducted 3,500 ABC/ARs on strays. At present, they have 130 dogs, two horses, 22 cats, one rabbit and one guinea pig under its care. They also run an adoption programme for street puppies and pedigree dogs, free of charge.\"The ARK is on a 30-year lease from Lyon to the Animal Rescue Kerala charitable trust. This lease will be passed on, free of charge, to the new management with a provision to renew the contract. However, the centre must continue the ABC/AR programme and treat animals with compassion and empathy. The centre employs six full-time staff and a vet which costs Rs 1,20,000 per month to run and this funding will need to be met by the new management,\" said Solai Rajan, manager of ARK.In December 2000, whilst on holiday in Kerala, Lyon was moved by the plight of the beach dogs. She approached the International Animal Rescue in Goa with a head-office in the UK and set up a centre in Kovalam.In 2002, she rented a former private hospital which became both home and clinic for Lyon and her animals. Lyon sold her house in the UK and brought land in Kovalam and built the Animal Rescue Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13029054", "title": "Donations passe, UK laboratory growing human organs", "text": "LONDON: British scientists claim to be for the first time growing human body parts at a laboratory at the University College London, which they say could soon make organ donation a thing of the past. A team, led by professor Alexander Seifalian of the varsity's department of nanotechnology and regenerative medicine, claims it's actually focussing on growing replacement organs and body parts to order, using a patient's own cells.\"This is a nose we're growing for a patient next month. It's a world first. Nobody has ever grown a nose before,\" Seifalian was quoted by 'Daily Mail' as saying.In fact, the scientists say that when the the nose is transferred to the patient, it doesn't go directly onto the face but will be placed inside a balloon inserted beneath the skin on their arm.After four weeks, during which time skin and blood vessels can grow, the nose can be monitored, then it can be transplanted to the face, they say. Added Adelola Oseni , a team member: \"Other groups have tried to tackle nose replacement with implants but we've found they don't last. They migrate, the shape of the nose changes . But our one will hold itself completely, as it's an entire nose shape made out of polymer.\"Looking like very thin Latex rubber, the polymer is made up of billions of molecules , each measuring just over one nanometre, or 40,000 times smaller than the width of a human hair. Working at molecular level allows the material itself to be intricately detailed. \"Inside this nanomaterial are thousands of small holes. Tissue grows into these and becomes part of it. It becomes the same as a nose and will even feel like one,\" Seifalian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028209", "title": "Homemakers get culinary lessons on jackfruit delicacies", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Women folk in city are busy learning to cook jackfruit-based delicacies thanks to the organizers of the state-level jackfruit festival.In an effort to pep up the fest and rope in more homemakers, the organizers have arranged a mobile van that began its tour to all residential areas in the district.The aim is to train women in preparing dishes out of jackfruit. The women who attend the cookery classes will exhibit their culinary skills at the festival to be held at the Government Model Higher Secondary School from May 24 to 26.The organizers will teach women in making jackfruit squash, ada, vada, cutlet, varieties of payasam, jam, dosa, and unniyappam. The programme is being led by Wayanad-based NGO Uravu along with the district administration and other organizations.Babu Parambath, convener of the organizing committee, said they had already received invitations from 25 residential associations in the city to provide cookery classes in jackfruit dishes. \"We will also plant one lakh jackfruit saplings on government land. For this we have identified spots such as civil station compound and driving school compound at Chevayur,\" said Babu.Organizers expect more than one lakh visitors at the exhibition. The show will have 100 stalls exhibiting varieties of jackfruit dishes, out of which 20 stalls will be from Wayanad. The jackfruits for the three-day festival will be brought from Thanoor in Malappuram, Kannur, Wayanad and Sri Lanka. Competitions for homemakers will also be held as part of the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028969", "title": "Choose your path to success", "text": "Delhi - the national capital of India stands proudly on the list of the most preferred cities in terms of investments, industrialization , healthcare, real estate , tourist destination of North India and more! Global businesses, supermalls , top educational institutes are establishing their presence here and making Delhi a world class city! Delhi is THE place to be for Generation Next! With top B- Schools and coaching institutes flocking the capital city, Delhi offers endless choices for a truly global career.\"With so many career choices now accessible, how does one choose the best option?\"As an answer to this most frequently asked question amongst the next generation, Times Education Boutique 2012, India's Largest Education and Career Fair, is back in your city! Times Education Boutique brings parents, teachers and academicians, educational institutions and students all under one roof along with certified career counsellors to provide students the much needed guidance to secure a successful career !Having consistently delivered on its promises over the past ten years, this unique initiative now brings together 200 of the most in-demand education providers from across the country and beyond. Times Education Boutique provides a platform for educational institutes and academicians to interact with students directly and identify their needs and requirements in this new age world. This major annual event is marked as the most awaited on every educational calendar and is anticipating a thunderous response from the students and parents like every other year. Students will get a chance to interact with industry professionals and discover the best educational and career options with the much needed guidance, all under one roof. The best institutes, academicians, placements and service providers, career counsellors, options for education loans - you name it and they have it!TEB 2012 will be held in Delhi on 11th to 13th May at Pragati Maidan. On-the-Spot Registrations with free entry for students. Times Education Boutique 2012 is going to be bigger, with the optimum mix of brilliant young minds, experienced guides and the best educational institutes. Are you ready? Delhi is calling for the next generation's leaders and rising stars. Be there to discover who will shine!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027761", "title": "From plantations to reserve forests", "text": "BANGALORE: Another remnant of the British Raj in Karnataka is set to come to an end. The state government has decided to restrict the lease period over forest land, granted to four rubber plantations in Kodagu district, to 99 years, and then reclaim it.Leases given to four British rubber companies in 1913 (later transferred to Indian companies) during the British Raj in Kodagu - Mercara Rubber Company Ltd (Kadamakla Rubber Company), Cochin Malabar Rubber Estate &amp; Industries Ltd (Thomson Plantation); Nilambur Rubber Company Ltd ( Glen Coorg Rubber Plantation) and Port% Land Rubber Company Ltd -all totaling 3,687.51 acres (1,492.92 hectares) - will not be renewed.The British government had, in 1909, made rules specifying that the lease for these rubber companies be given for 999 years ; the actual contract began in 1913. But this order was withdrawn in 1940 and the government decided to alter the lease period of more than 3,000 acres of land to 99 years. \"These leases will not be further transferred to any other firm. Our department will take over the land and notify it as reserve forest. As the government is empowered to reserve the right to withdraw or alter the rules from time to time, alteration was done in 1940, reducing the lease period,\" a senior official told TOI.The chief commissioner of Kodagu on February 1, 1909, notified the rules under which reserved forest land could be given for rubber cultivation under the provisions of Coorg Land and Revenue Regulation, 1899. However, the actual notification happened only 10 years later, in 1909. But the chief commissioner revised the rules in December 1912 and issued notification for granting lease period to 999 years in February 1913.\"Leases to these four rubber cultivation companies were given in instalm-ents between 1910 and 1929. On the eve of Independence, the original lessees transferred their leasehold rights of the land in favour of a few Indian companies through registered assignment deeds,\" the official said. The state government has cited various Supreme Court observations and verdicts on forest conservation to take over the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028037", "title": "Three years on, 2000 poors still wait for houses", "text": "CHENNAI: Over 2,000 people from N Jyothiammal Nagar in Adyar, P P Ammal Koil Street in Royapuram and Arundhati Nagar near Vyasarpadi, are still waiting for the houses promised to them because the Chennai corporation's implementation of the 200 crore basic services to urban poor scheme (BSUP) in the city is at least a year behind schedule.The project, sanctioned in two phases that were supposed to be completed in 2009 and 2011, is still a work in progress. According to a project report released in March, the civic body informed nodal agencies that the work will be completed by July.The first phase of funds under the BSUP scheme sanctioned in 2007, included building 1,370 houses in 44 slums including Dr Ambedkar Nagar near Kodambakkam, Moopanar Nagar and Ezhil Nagar near Korukkupet. It also provided funds for basic amenities in 232 other slums such Ganesapuram and Venkatapuram at a cost of 127.44 crore.\"It included laying cement concrete roads for the small by lanes, fixing street lights, storm water drains and public toilets,\" said a corporation official.All BSUP scheme projects, funded by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) are supposed to be completed within 18 months, from the first installment of funds being sanctioned. According to a report prepared by the corporation, in the first phase, 492 of the 1370 houses are still under construction, and construction of 32 houses worth 41 lakh is yet to begin. Civic body officials though insist that they are on schedule.\"Though the projects were sanctioned in 2007, the first instalment of the funds itself came in two installments, in April 2008 and September 2008, the fourth and last instalment came only in June 2010, by which time we were supposed to have completed the project. But how do we proceed fast and complete the projects even before we get the funds we need?\" asks a civic body official.The second phase included providing just basic amenities in 186 slums in the city at a cost of 72.63 crore, which officials say has been completed a lot faster because of lesser construction. \"Now we just have fit in streetlights in all the earmarked areas, which is around 9.79 crore,\" said a corporation official. They say that any project without housing is easier to complete. \"This phase also included drains, rainwater harvesting, gasifiers in crematoriums, play grounds and gyms among other things, but we have completed it,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029008", "title": "Catch up on your dream", "text": "This summer, students who are keen to go for international internships but didn't know how, can catch up on their dream through a programme offered by AIESEC (Association Internationale des Etudiants en Sciences Economiques et Commerciales), a global student-run organisation.The organisation based in 110 countries offers opportunities to students to participate in international exchanges via internships. AIESEC recently held a large-scale event where university-level students registered for the internship programme.The internships offered are at two levels - global internship programme (GIP) and global community development programme (GCDP). While GIP is for a longer duration and is open to students in their final year or those pursuing a postgraduation, GCDP is a short duration exchange open to all undergraduate students.According to Ronnie Nido, member, AIESEC, Delhi, there is no limit to the intake of students to any of the programmes. GIP is for internship with corporate companies based globally, therefore, students are required to be equipped with some skills or training. This is the reason that only students in their final year or postgraduation can apply for this programme, which can range from three months to one-and-a-half years, depending on profile and project offered by the company.However, GCDP internship programme is for social causes, which implies working with NGOs globally. It is for a duration ranging from six-eight weeks as undergraduate students get summer breaks for around two months. Currently, AIESEC has tied up with DU, IIT-Delhi , Jamia Millia Islamia and GGSIPU.\"Students can choose for an internship project in any of the 110 countries. They need to list five top preferences of destination and the project while registering. Students always manage to make through one of the five preferences ,\" says Nido.\"I will be going to Brazil for a global village project as part of GCDP. I will be promoting and organising the project in the country,\" adds Nido. However, students have to bear their own travel expenses , while accommodation and food are taken care of by the company or NGO they will be working with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028392", "title": "Bus crushes blind man to death in Paldi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A visually challenged man died after being run over by a luxury bus at Paldi on Sunday morning. Police identified the deceased as , Suresh Parmar, 32, who lived at Navchetan Vidyalaya, Paldi.The incident occurred when Parmar was crossing the road at 9 am on Sunday from near the school. At that time, a bus coming in reverse hit him. He fell on the road and sustained head injuries. The passers-by called up EMRI 108 that rushed him to the VS Hospital, where he died of profuse bleeding.\"The school authority told us that Parmar had recently landed a liftman job at a nearby building. We've started search for the driver who caused the accident,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027287", "title": "Techie held for exam paper leak in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The entrance examination of Chennai-based SRM deemed university was cancelled on Sunday following a question paper leak in the city on Saturday.The university's B Tech entrance exam was scheduled for 10am on Sunday. City-based techie, Praneeth (25), was arrested on Saturday for attempting to sell copies of the question paper with the answer key. Praneeth, who is originally from Khammam district, is an employee of Jubilee Hills-based Indosoft International, police said.The issue came to light when a local news channel caught Praneeth on-camera while he was trying to sell the question paper. Praneeth had fixed a rate of Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 for the paper and its answer key. The TV crew handed him over to Madhapur police on Saturday night. A case was booked against him.Madhapur police said the question paper was also being traded online to students based in other states, including Chennai. In spite of a reported leak of the question paper, SRM University initially did not cancel the examination. The test was conduced in over 20 centres in the city from 10am to 12.30pm. The university registrar N Sethuraman, however, cancelled the examination at around 2pm following protests by parents at various centres in the city.According to Madhapur inspector K Srinath Reddy, Praneeth got a copy of the question paper from his friend G V Reddy, a native of Vijayawada. Praneeth, a former student of SRM College, befriended G V Reddy at the college a year ago. \"G V procured a soft copy of the question paper and sent it to Praneeth via email,\" said Srinath Reddy.The police retrieved the email from Praneeth's PC. Even the copies of the question paper were found. \"We are in touch with Chennai police as it is not known how G V Reddy got the question paper,\" said Madhapur inspector.Meanwhile, officials from the university said that they had no idea about the leak till the news was reported by TV channels on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028111", "title": "More educational institutions in store", "text": "RANCHI: More number of students will get the scope to study in educational institutes under DAV group. The group director general, RS Sharma announced on Sunday that the group would open more institutions in the city.\"We are ready to open new schools and other educational institutions in Jharkhand if required. DAV group is prepared to offer all kind of help for promoting quality education in the state\", said Sharma bringing smiles to the citizens. Sharma came to Jharkhand to visit the group's engineering college at Latehar.He said, \"The college is functioning well but more teachers are needed. We will start the recruitment drive soon.\" Sharma said state's education possibilities were bright. \"Jharkhand, especially Ranchi has become an educational hub and people are coming from other states to study here. Under such circumstances we are ready to start new educational institutions for providing better education here and meet the increasing demand,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13028244", "title": "Poor Odisha show in civil services", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: No one from Odisha featured in the top 25 rank holders of civil services this year, the results of which were announced recently. The list of top 50 has just two from the state, while only three made it to the Indian Administrative Service (IAS).Among the 910 successful candidates, there are merely 13 persons from the state. Candidates from Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh feature among the top 25 candidates. Of these 13 are from Delhi, three from Jaipur, two each from Mumbai and Chandigarh and one each from Hyderabad, Chennai, Dispur, Patna and Jammu.Last year, 15 candidates from Odisha had qualified the elite examination, one made it to the IAS and one to IPS, while the rest entered other central services. Year after year, the state's performance in the coveted test remains poor despite Bhubaneswar emerging as a major educational hub in eastern India.Educationists attribute lack of students' orientation towards civil services, poor teaching infrastructure and weak curriculum in the state behind Odisha's thin entry into the top bureaucracy.\"Somehow, students are not showing much interest in civil services as they are after corporate sector jobs. We have failed to develop a culture to motivate students prepare seriously for administrative services,\" said P K Sarkar, chairman of Utkal University Post Graduate Council.\"Our syllabus is outdated. We need to upgrade it to compete at the national level,\" he added. Sarkar, as PG council chairman, had tried to open an IAS coaching centre in Vani Vihar in public-private partnership mode in 2011 but none of the 10 private institutions the varsity approached showed any interest to open their shops here. Former bureaucrats blame lack of an institutional approach and state's standard of education behind its poor show.\"Students from Chennai, Hyderabad or Bangalore can prepare sitting in their own cities, by taking help of good coaching centres there. But it is almost rare that a candidate can qualify IAS by preparing in Cuttack or Bhubaneswar. We don't have good coaching centres and large peer groups concentrated on preparing for the all-India examination,\" said former chief secretary N K Panda.\"Though I too had studied in a vernacular medium school, my education in Delhi School of Economics strengthened my chances for IAS,\" he said. State topper this year, Anupam Saha of Kesigna in Balangir district, prepared for the IAS by taking coaching in Delhi.\"I quit my corporate sector job and shifted to Delhi where there is good coaching help,\" he said. Saha bagged 35th rank in the national merit list. Arindam Dakua, who was Odisha topper last year, securing 33rd all India rank, blamed crumbling college education in the state, which is the stepping stone for such highly competitive examinations.\"Most of our university and colleges are battling serious shortage of teachers. The average quality of our students may be good but unless they get proper teaching and guidance, they can't excel,\" said Dakua.Very few people shift to Delhi and Mumbai for coaching. States such as Bihar and Uttar Pradesh where the standard of education may be comparable with Odisha have the advantage of being nearer to Delhi. They can easily go to the national capital because its closer home for them, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027297", "title": "Four accidents in Delhi snuff out 2 lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city witnessed four accidents in the past 24 hours that left two persons dead and four others seriously injured.In the first incident on Saturday night reported from the Kanjhawala area of outer Delhi, one person died while another was injured when the car they were travelling in collided with a truck. According to eyewitnesses, the truck was travelling on the wrong side.\"A 35-year-old property dealer was killed, while his friend was critically injured, when a truck rammed into their Chevrolet Beat car last night at Kanjhawala,'' said a senior police officer. According to the police, Sunil and his friend were coming from Kutubgarh and were heading towards Kanjhawala .\"The incident occurred at 10.15 pm, near a petrol pump located close to the Divya Ashram,\" added the officer. A passerby reported the incident to the police, who took Sunil and his friend to the Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital. Doctors there declared Sunil as brought dead upon his arrival.\"His friend was unfit to give us a statement. His family shifted him to another hospital,\" said the officer. According to the police, the truck driver had fled without his vehicle. The truck has been impounded and its owner has been contacted by the police.A case under IPC section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and section 304A (causing death by negligence) has been registered against the truck driver.In another accident, a nine-year-old girl was killed near Terminal 3 of the IGI Airport when a tempo driver ran over her while she was playing on the road.\"The tempo driver Kamlesh has been arrested. The girl died on the spot. She was a resident of Naraina,'' police said, adding that Kamlesh was nabbed by the eyewitnesses themselves. They said a case of death due to rash and negligent driving has been registered.In the other two accidents at Bawana and Rana Pratap Bagh, the drivers lost control of the vehicle and they hit a tree and a road divider respectively.In the first incident, both the driver and her female friend were taken to a local hospital where the driver left leaving the female victim alone. In the second incident, cops believe that the steering wheel of the car had jammed leading to the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027745", "title": "Keep land abutting drains vacant as buffer zone: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has said that marginal lands on either side of stormwater drains (SWDs) cannot be granted and such lands must be kept vacant in public interest as a buffer zone to avoid waterlogging.Flooding of stormwater drains is a common sight in Bangalore. Consequently, drains and roads are getting clogged, forcing residents to face irreparable loss and injury. The court can take judicial notice of the fact that stormwater drains have to be maintained properly to avoid waterlogging during rainy season, Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar said, while dismissing a petition filed by Sardar Bai and three others.The authorities concerned thought it fit to leave 15-metre buffer zone along stormwater drains for future development under the revised masterplan 2015. The plan prohibits grant of marginal lands within 15 metres on either side of stormwater drains. The marginal land which is newly numbered as 127-A cannot be granted in favour of either the petitioners or the respondent industrial concern. The said site will have to be kept vacant in public interest as a buffer zone for the stormwater drain to avoid waterlogging, the judge observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027543", "title": "Akhilesh hosts dinner in honour of Kaba Imam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav hosted a dinner in honour of Imam of Kaba (Mecca) Maulana Sheikh Khalid bin Ali Ghamidi at his official residence 5, Kalidas Marg on Sunday.Besides national president of the Samajwadi Party Mulayam Singh Yadav, president of All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) Maulana Syed Rabey Hasan Nadwi, Maulana Kalbe Sadiq, principal of Darul Uloom Nadvatul Ulema Saeedur Rahman Nadwi, Maulana Kalbe Jawwad, Sajjada Nashin of Dada Miyan Dargah in Mall Avenue and others were present on the occasion.Irrigation minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, minister for medical and health Ahmad Hasan, minister for jails and food and civil supplies Raghu Raj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya, minister for labour and employment Waqar Ahmad Shah and other dignitaries attended the dinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13026765", "title": "AB de Villiers blitz helps Bangalore canter to win", "text": "BANGALORE: AB de Villiers (47 not out off 17 balls) won the battle against Dale Steyn, one of the most difficult bowlers to tackle, as Bangalore scored a five-wicket win with seven balls to spare against Hyderabad to stay alive in the IPL.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsThe home side needed 39 balls from 18 balls when Steyn returned for his last two overs after conceding just seven runs in his first two overs including a maiden. Facing him was de Villiers, who is in red-hot form in this tournament.The former South African T20 captain straightaway got going, carting Steyn for a massive six off the very first ball. The express pace of Steyn had little impact as his colleague smashed 23 runs off the over to make it a no contest from then on.Chasing a stiff target of 182, Bangalore were off to a cautious start with openers Tilakaratne Dilshan and Chris Gayle adding 93 runs inside 11 overs. On a day when Gayle (26 off 22) failed to flourish after showing promise, Dilshan did all the hard work, knocking off 71 runs in just 54 balls.In the end, de Villiers finished it brilliantly to put an end to Bangalore's run of defeats. The win took Bangalore to fifth place with 11 points from 11 matches.Earlier, Shikhar Dhawan made amends for his lapse in the last match, smashing an unbeaten 73 from 52 balls as Hyderabad set a challenging target of 182.The packed crowd was treated to some class batting by the Delhi batsman, who struck 10 fours and one six, as he shared two big stands with Australian teammates. First, he put on 86 with Daniel Harris who came in for Dan Christian and then took the score to 168 with the support of Cameron White (45, 24 balls).It was as if Dhawan was responding to his coach Darren Lehman's call for an improved show from the youngsters in the side. Dhawan was run out for 36 against Chennai on Friday as Hyderabad lost chasing 161.Hyderabad would have easily scored over 200 but for a superb spell by off-spin wizard Muttiah Muralitharan who conceded just 18 in his four overs. Put in to bat by Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli, with Daniel Vettori making way for Murali, Hyderabad openers Daniel Harris and Shikhar Dhawan were motoring along (46 for no loss in 6 overs) when Murali came on in the 7th over and put the brakes on.Harris had no clue to Murali's tweakers and edged the second ball to wicketkeeper de Villiers but the South African failed to latch on to the straightforward chance. Murali, playing his first match after playing against Rajasthan on April 15, gave away just two runs in the first over and nine from three. He returned to bowl the 16th over and conceded only nine runs.Murali's superb first over was spoiled when Kohli experimented with Tillakaratne Dilshan in the eighth over. That over turned out to be the most expensive as Harris clobbered him for two sixes over mid-wicket and spiced it up with a four to milk 17 runs. The Hyderabad batsmen were waiting for Murali to finish his spell and they gathered 55 in the last four overs.The hosts sprang a surprise making five changes to the team that lost to Punjab on May 2. Vinay Kumar and Sourabh Tiwary made way for Prashanth Parameshwaran, drafted into the side on Friday, and Abhimanyu Mithun. Bangalore also brought back Dilshan in place of Andrew McDonald.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13028897", "title": "Jaitley asked to pacify Raje", "text": "JAIPUR: The party's central leadership has directed Jaitley to intervene and pacify a miffed Raje.It has also reportedly demanded a detailed report on the developments during Saturday's core-committee meeting.While Raje's attendance at the meet is still uncertain, sources said that she might go to New Delhi this week to meet senior leaders. The former chief minister had long talks with Jaitley, L K Advani and party president Nitin Gadkari, who assured that her grievances would be taken up seriously.The feud within the party intensified as Raje's supporters prepared for an obvious show of strength. Kataria's Lok Jagran Yatra has stirred a hornet's nest within the party with a section protesting the yatra and alleging that the BJP legislator from Udaipur is holding it in individual capacity, without taking the necessary permission from the party leadership.As the day progressed, the stream of visitors and supporters at Rje's official residence swelled. Several legislators such as Dr Digamber Singh, Kalicharan Saraf, Kiran Maheshwari and others along with senior leaders like Mathur, Somaiya and MP Bhupendra Yadhav were present at her residence.While the senior leaders made attempts to appease Raje, others gathered to extend support to her. The former CM, angry over the party's decision to go ahead with Kataria's yatra, had threatened to resign from the party's primary membership on Saturday.BJP has a strength of 79 MLAs in the Rajasthan Assembly, including suspended legislator Hanuman Beniwal. Of these, 56 had handed over their resignation till Sunday evening. Meanwhile, meetings with party's senior leaders in New Delhi also continued throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027114", "title": "Pirated CDs seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 290 pirated CDs and DVDs of English and Tamil films were seized from an electronics shop on NH Road. Police said that the accused A Hyder Ali, a resident of Kurischi, who owned a small electronics shop on NH Road was selling the CDs and DVDs of new-released films. Though attempts were made to arrest him earlier, he managed to escape.Efforts are on to control the sale of pirated films, police said. \"We are questioning the accused and hope to make a breakaway,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13032918", "title": "'Humans can use their own brain power to read other people'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reading people, predicting behaviour and hacking into the subconscious -- world-renowned mentalist Keith Barry can do it all. Barry delves into the mysteries of the mind, revealing how ordinary people can better harness their own abilities. The 35-year-old mentalist spoke to Meenakshi Sinha about the rigours of studying human minds and the highs he gets from it.1. As hypnotist, mentalist and magician, how do you delve into the mysteries of the human mind?Well, it takes a huge amount of study and practice. I've been a magician since I was probably four years old and for the last 15 years, I've been studying psychology and human behaviour patterns. I've learned everything that I do from books and most of my day is spent studying, practicing and rehearsing. I've taught myself everything with hypnosis which I initially practiced on friends and family over dinner parties and later I would just go out on the streets of Ireland and grab people and start hypnotising them and getting them to do whatever it is that I want to do.2. How, according to you, ordinary people can better harness their own mental abilities?I think the first thing is that we need to dedicate ourselves to being extraordinary instead of ordinary. My advice to people would be to have a brilliant memory for which, they should study books on memory. Harry Lorayne has got great books on memory and I've studied all of them. They tell you how to have a photographic memory. Also, I use a lot of neuro-linguistic programming, NLP. It teaches you how to implant and extract thoughts like I do. And if still, people have any questions they can always ask me on Twitter or Facebook. I answer pretty much everybody there.3. Can humans use their own brain power to read other people? If yes, how?Yes, absolutely we can use our brains to read other people. As I mentioned, NLP is one way. It's a process where one can read people's eye movements and figure out what they're thinking based on how their eyes dilate. You can read their thoughts depending on which way their eyes move. Also, read people's body language and micro-expressions. These are tiny little facial expressions that we make when we're thinking. Once again, there's a great book out there called, What Every Body is Saying. The book delves in 300 different postures and positions and helps teach what a person is thinking. All of this put together make it look like you can read minds whereas really what you're doing is reduction/observation and looking at people, figuring out what they're thinking based on their physical movements.4. The movie, Inception, dealt with the art of extraction, stealing secrets from within the subconscious during the dream state to planting an idea in that state. Is this what you do?Yes, absolutely, more as a hypnotist. When we're in dream states, it's actually a hypnotic state where one can manipulate your dreams by somebody like me who can do strange things. For example, in my show I do a whole routine around dreams and their interpretation. I get a guy who thinks he's part of a sleep experiment where I'm going to interpret his dreams. But I lie him down, hypnotise him and program him to become a sleeper agent; someone who unbeknownst to him will go out and murder somebody else as per my instruction. It's something that the CIA in America used to do quite a bit back in the '50s and '60s. So yes, it's very close to Inception and I absolutely believe that when people are dreaming, we can manipulate their thoughts and their actions.5. Which craft - hypnotist, mentalist and magician - do you enjoy most and why?That's a good question. I like all of them a lot, but I like being a mentalist the most because that's as real as it gets. As a magician or illusionist, very often what I'm doing is trickery. But being a mentalist entails no tricks. There are no gimmicks. Then, I'm really implanting and extracting thoughts into people and manipulating their behaviour. I'm like a puppeteer and that person becomes my puppet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026971", "title": "Cool breeze brings relief", "text": "JAIPUR: After a short spell of scorching heat, the city experienced cool breeze on Sunday evening bringing relief. The pleasant weather is likely to continue for the next few days with the Met department's forecast of a generally cloudy sky with possibility of thunderstorm in some parts of the city.The maximum temperature recorded on Sunday was 40.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal with the minimum of 24.8 degrees Celsius. The temperature for the next 24 hours is expected to be 41\u00b0 Celsius on a higher side and a minimum of 25\u00b0 Celsius.Other parts of the states too witnessed a dip in the mercury with light to moderate rainfall occurring at isolated places in Kota and Udaipur. Churu which recorded the highest temperature of 44.1 degree Celsius reached a low of 23.9 degrees Celsius. The Met department has forecast for a thunderstorm at some places in the northern Rajasthan and a dry temperature for the rest of the state.Earlier in the day, city saw strong dry winds and by afternoon the temperature rose sharply. Later, in the evening, the storm continued but turned breezy and the mercury came down sharply. However, power cuts in some parts of the city played a spoil sport.Being a Sunday, many Jaipurites took advantage of the pleasant weather to hang out at Statue Circle and Jal Mahal. Many also go out for shopping or just take a drive. Nahargarh saw a massive crowd in the evening hours as did the Central Park in the heart of the city.\"It was my day off, so I went for a long drive to enjoy the weather. After a hot day, it turned out to be such a perfect weather that I wished Jaipur always remained like this,\" said Ashish Nigam, a resident of Jaipur. Pooja Misra, student at IICD, choose to go shopping in the Raja Park area only to find out that many other Jaipurites have the same idea. \"The market was really crowded because it was Sunday and the weather was lovely. But despite the rush, it was still a fun experience,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026369", "title": "Army officer dies in accident", "text": "PUNE: A 26-year-old officer of the Indian Army died on the spot and his friend sustained severe injuries after a speeding truck hit the motorcycle they were riding. The incident took place at Ramwadi on Pune-Ahmednagar highway on Saturday night.The Yerawada police have identified the deceased as Jobin M Verghese, who was posted at Ahmednagar. He hailed from Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. Verghese's friend Samindar Sehgal (24), also from Madhya Pradesh, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. His condition is said to be critical, said police sub-inspector V T Patil. Verghese was riding the motorcycle and Sehgal was riding pillion, he added.Patil told TOI that the incident took place around 11.30 pm on Saturday. The police are yet to find out how the accident took place. He said that as per some eyewitnesses, the incident took place when Verghese was taking a 'U' turn at a junction on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway at Yerawada. \"The truck, which was speeding towards Pune from Ahmednagar, knocked down the motorcycle,\" Patil said.He said that the motorcycle was dragged along with the truck for around 15 meters. \"Verghese died on the spot, while Sehgal sustained severe injuries,\" Patil said.He added that the truck driver left the vehicle on the spot and fled. \"We have ascertained his identity as Bhagwat Maruti Garje (32) of Ahmednagar. We will soon arrest him,\" Patil said.Patil said that Verghese had come to Pune on Saturday to meet Sehgal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028480", "title": "Centre assures additional power supply to Bihar", "text": "PATNA: An allocation of 660MW from stage-II of the NTPC's Barh thermal power station has been promised to Bihar. Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde has conveyed this to CM Nitish Kumar . The upcoming Barh unit will generate 1320MW and its 50 per cent share will be given to Bihar.But Bihar is not satisfied with this allocation and has been demanding 50 per cent allocation from Barh's stage-I generation of 1980MW. An all-party delegation led by Nitish had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh with this demand last month.Maintaining that the power ministry's assurance of 660MW of electricity from Barh's stage-II came after the all-party delegation meeting with the PM last month, Bihar energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav told TOI on Sunday that the state would be able to avail this allocation once the generation starts at Barh's stage-II.\"The power ministry has also assured supply of 100MW from Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) as immediate help,\" Yadav said. Shinde has asked the state government to make sure that the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) ensures payment security and sign suitable agreement with the DVC at the earliest to get power supply started.Bihar is power-starved state with the lowest annual per capita consumption of electricity in the country at 122.11 kWh against the national average of 778.71 kWh. The power deficit during 2010-11 during peak demand was 1,336MW which was 44.53 per cent deficit. The Central Electricity Authority has anticipated nearly 65 per cent deficit in peak demand in 2012.Once the generation at Barh's stage-II starts, Bihar will get 660MW apart from 100MW from DVC which will minimize the deficit to some extent. The state totally depends on Central allocation. At present, there are only two thermal power stations in the state sector: Barauni with 50x2 and 110x2 MW generation capacity and Kanti having 110x2 MW. However, owing to various technical reasons and financial crunch, the present generation capacity of Barauni is 50-60MW and that of Kanti 80-90MW.Yadav said the state has staked claim on 50 per cent allocation of power from both stages of Barh thermal power station as well as from 550x3 units under stage-II of Kahalgaon thermal power station of the NTPC .Director, public relations, BSEB, H R Pandey added that from stage-II of Kahalgaon an allocation of only 6.7 per cent has been made while from its stage-I, the state is getting 25 per cent of power.The state has also sought from the Centre coal linkages for expansion of Barauni thermal power units.On coal linkage for two upcoming units of 250MW each at Barauni, Shinde has written to the CM, \"Bihar may apply for coal block allocation and the ministry of power will recommend for allocation of coal blocks to the ministry of coal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028400", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer's death sparks row in Raisen", "text": "BHOPAL: A debt-ridden 55-year-old farmer died in his sleep under mysterious condition on Saturday night in Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh , amid his family members' claim that he killed himself by consuming some poisonous substance as his produce wasn't being bought by the government wheat procurement centre for last few days.Following the controversy, Raisen collector Mohanlal Meena said that the internal organs of the deceased were sent for tests again to detect the exact cause of death.Resident of Barnijahagir village, Bhagwan Singh Rajput along with other farmers on Saturday had met the collector and demanded that the Manpur procurement centre manager should be removed as he was not buying their produce.Family members of the deceased said that the farmer was under huge debt and was could not sell off his wheat on support price at the procurement centre and thus was unable to pay back the loan amount.Meena said that the post-mortem report to ascertain the cause of the death of Rajput was unclear adding that they have sent his viscera for tests again to exactly detect the cause of his death.Around 8.30 pm, Rajput's son brought him to a government doctor's residence who, in turn, asked him to get admitted to a hospital, Meena said. However, he took some cold drink and ice cream and after feeling comfortable returned home and thereafter died in his sleep.\"Yes he along with other farmers, he met me seeking the removal of the procurement centre manager,\" the collector admitted adding that he removed the manager. \"He didn't tell me that his produce wasn't being purchased at the minimum support price,\" Meena said.After the incident, local Congress MLA Prabhuram Choudhary along with some farmers blocked the NH 86 for more than 30 minutes seeking an end to farmers' woes. He alleged the procurement centres were not purchasing wheat from small farmers and officials at the procurement centres were favouring big farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13028091", "title": "UP governor clears ordinance quashing promotion quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh governor BL Joshi on Sunday gave his nod to a draft ordinance quashing dalit quota in promotions of government employees. The ordinance overturns Mayawati's five-year-old reservation policy and comes 10 days after the Supreme Court upheld the Allahabad high court order. The UP cabinet was quick to implement the court order through an ordinance to woo to its core OBC constituency before the urban bodies poll.The ordinance will affect promotions of over 16 lakh state employees in general and OBC categories. The SP government is confident about getting the ordinance passed when the assembly convenes as it enjoys absolute majority. The ordinance seeks to do away with Section 3(7) and Section 8(A) of the UP government employee seniority rules that brought the controversial caste-based quotas in promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028967", "title": "Export ban gone, traders still to benefit", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of commerce which reopened cotton exports last week, after drawing severe flak over the ban, has done it only with a rider. The notification which officially declared easing of exports, when read in fine print, speaks of a cap on the quantum to be shipped abroad.The order issued on May 4, says that an exporter can apply for only one registration certificate (RC) at a time, subject to a cap of 10,000 bales, or the actual quantity exported in the current season-whichever is less. This means if an exporter has shipped around 5,000 bales in this season, then in the fresh RC, permission for exporting more cannot be sought. RC is a document which serves as a permit to export. This may curb the domestic prices, in turn, benefiting the textile lobby.A new entrant can now export upto a cap 1500 bales. Moreover now onwards a fresh RC will only be issued when half of the earlier amount is exported. This is expected to further slowdown the process of exporting the commodity.With the order issued on Friday, it is expected to have an impact when the market reopens on Monday. By the time, news about the cap spread it was already Saturday and markets had closed, say sources. The rates are expected to come down or be reigned at the current level, which may ultimately benefit the domestic textile industry, say traders.Prices of lint (processed cotton) have gone up by Rs 1,000 a candy (370 kg) to Rs 35,500, raw cotton rates are ranging between Rs 3,800 to Rs 4,200 per quintal. However, a reversal is expected in the coming week, said a Mumbai-based exporter.Even as the rates of raw cotton increased by Rs 200-300 on news of exports being allowed again it is too late for the farmers. Around 10-15% of them are reported to have held on to their stocks only, so if at all the rates increase, it would be mainly the traders' gain, said a trader.Roshan Agrawal who heads a private market yard in Wani, said that cotton arrivals have ended at his place, which means farmers have already sold their produce.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti says that the markets already ended at a low of over couple of hundred rupees at Rs 3,600 a quintal in Pandharkawda. Tiwari said the move will indirectly help the textile industry by bringing down the domestic prices.The quantitative restriction on one hand will contain the domestic rates, but also put a curb on big players. Currently 10 companies of which 4 are multinationals have a major share in the business. Now with category of 1500 quintal for fresh players being created, even smaller entities will get a chance due to the cap of 10,000 bales which may affect the big firms, said a trader. According to market grapevine, it was a huge export order to a single firm by its own firm in China had led to the ban. There were apprehensions that it would have led to a major hike in India, due to a chunk of stock being exported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028660", "title": "Man arrested for forging signature", "text": "PANAJI: A friend, entrusted with the repairs of a car, tried to transfer the vehicle to his name by forging the owner's signature.Panaji police have registered a case against Vikram Kaushik from Shahjanpura, Rajasthan, for forging his friend's signature and making an application in the Panaji RTO to get his friend Anup Sinha's car worth Rs 7 lakh transferred to his name.Panaji police have registered a case under Section 406 (criminal breach of trust), Section 465 (forgery), Section 468 (Forgery for purpose of cheating) and Section 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) of the IPC against Kaushik.Sinha in his complaint to the police said that he had entrusted Kaushik with the repairs of his car in January. Kaushik took the car but instead of repairing and returning it, he bought a form 30 from the transport department and forged Sinha's signature to get the car transferred to his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13028582", "title": "Konkan Railway Corporation gets 10 more summer trains", "text": "MARGAO: The Konkan Railway Corporation (KRC) has introduced 10 more summer special trains on the Konkan railway route between Ahmedabad and Mangalore junction which will run on a weekly basis.Train no. 09419 will depart from Ahmedabad at 4.15 pm every Saturday and arrive at Mangalore junction the next day at 7.05pm. Train no. 09420 will depart from Mangalore every Sunday at 11.05pm and arrive at Ahmedabad at 4.15am on the third day. The trains will be in service between May 5 to June 3, states a press note issued by the chief public relations officer of Konkan Railway, Siddheshwar Telugu.The trains will halt at Geratpur, Nadiad, Anand, Vadodara, Bharuch, Surat, Valsad, Vapi, Vasai Road, Panvel, Roha, Veer, Khed, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Ratnagiri, Kankavali, Sawantwadi, Tivim, Karmali, Margao, Karwar, Kumta, Murdeshwar, Bhatkal, Kundapura, Udupi and Suratkal stations. The train will have 24 coaches with composition of 15 sleeper coaches, three AC III tier, four general and two SLR/SLRD coaches.'The total number of summer special trains on the KRC route during summer rises to 182,' the press note stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027455", "title": "High-fliers Delhi and Kolkata meet in big game", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lot has changed since Team Delhi and Team Kolkata met in the first leg of the IPL. Delhi, from being an underdog, have since emerged as the best team in the tournament so far.Kolkata - who were in the last four of the previous edition - too are delivering the goods. But when the Shah Rukh Khan-owned franchisee take on Delhi at Ferozeshah Kotla on Monday evening, they will face a big challenge against the dangerous hosts who are virtually in the play-offs. If Virender Sehwag and his men can tame Kolkata - like the way they did at the Eden Gardens at the start of IPL 5 - Delhi will be first team to ensure a place in the play-offs. Besides, Delhi would want to keep winning to maintain a good habit.Delhi are not leaving any stone unturned. On Sunday afternoon, the team went all out as it honed its skills. To begin with, emphasis was given on fielding before the players got into other areas of the game. There was an air of excitement as the players went about the drills. It was clear they were a confident lot, enjoying their success and feeling threatened by no one.In the past IPL editions, many teams who eventually went on to become champions really didn't have a smooth run in the league phase like the way Delhi are having. But every IPL has also thrown up some new trends. Team Delhi will take heart from that.For a league like IPL which is played over a long period of almost two months, sustaining and playing consistent cricket is not easy. However, if a team has all-round strength and depth, it certainly has an advantage over the others. Delhi's batting department is one of the best even after England's Kevin Pietersen left to attend to national duty. The pace department too carries a lot of venom.The only missing link was the lack of quality spinners. But the performances of Delhi's left-arm bowlers - Shahbaz Nadeem and Pawan Negi - have been pleasant surprises.Kolkata too have a well-equipped unit and that is why this team is doing well. Their middle-order batting may have succumbed to pressure in the past, but the overall look of the team so far has been quite satisfying. They are batting hard, bowling in the right areas and taking those important catches when it matters the most. The one advantage Kolkata have over Delhi is in the form of mystery spinner Sunil Narine. How effective he will be at the Kotla with its smallish boundaries remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027751", "title": "Not here to rack up stats: Casey Stoner", "text": "NEW DELHI: It doesn't take long for fortunes to change in the world of motorsports. MotoGP world champion Casey Stoner knows this, in spite of his 10 race wins and 16 podium finishes last season on way to his second crown.Stoner himself has been battling fitness issues but resumed normal business with a win in Jerez last week.The Repsol Honda rider spoke to TOI about his start in the 2012 season and MotoGP's possible foray into India. Excerpts:After a slow start to the season it must be good to bounce back in Jerez with a victory...I wouldn't say slow start to the season, we were winning quite comfortably in Qatar and without the arm pump issue we would be looking at two wins out of two. The win in Jerez was something special, it's certainly up there with one of my best. After the Friday and Saturday we'd had in Jerez, we really weren't expecting that result and to have it at a track where Dani (Pedrosa) and Jorge (Lorenzo) are so strong, was great.There are some concerns with the 'arm pump' still bothering you as you have said.It's something we are still working on to relieve. There are a series of exercises that I can do to relieve it and prepare my arm, at the moment it feels ok again, but we just don't know until we get back on the bike.How do you think Honda is progressing this season? Do you think Jorge Lorenzo and Co. are catching up to you?I think the Yamaha's and Honda's are very similar this season, there really isn't much in it. We've seen their speed and now we've raced against them in race trim twice. I can see where they've progressed but also where they've maybe dropped back a little and it's interesting to see. This season it's going to be very tight for sure.Two world titles by the age of 26, what more does Casey Stoner wish to achieve in his career?There is a lot I still want to achieve. Obviously the MotoGP World Championship is what we've been working towards our whole lives, so to achieve not one, but two Championships is a great accomplishment. However, I'm not here to rack up stats, I'm here to enjoy my racing and when that enjoyment fades, I'll turn to my attentions to something else and give myself new goals.MotoGP's next stop could possibly be India next year. Your thoughts...I think there certainly needs to be more variety in the tracks that we visit. We currently have four races in Spain which is far too many. If we can take motorcycle racing to new parts of the world and attract new fans then it would be fantastic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13027095", "title": "Clear picture on council polls to emerge today", "text": "NASHIK: Although Monday is the last day for submitting nomination forms for the May 25 legislative council elections, most parties preferred to play their cards close to their chests till Sunday evening.Legislative council sitting member Jayant Jadhav of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is the chosen one from his party, but its ally, the Congress, is also making moves to contest. In fact, Congress district chief Rajaram Pangavhane and Rajendra Chavanke have taken nomination forms.Leaders from the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and the Shiv Sena said that their candidates would be finalized only after a meeting late on Sunday.While the MNS has not revealed its options, Shiv Sena's Ajay Boraste, Shivaji Sahane and Vilas Shinde have taken nomination forms. Shiv Sena sources revealed that the candidate will be announced late on Sunday evening.Congress sources said they were unhappy with their ally, the NCP. Taking into account that the Shiv Sena does not have sufficient numbers in the council and that the Congress is not very pleased with the NCP, the Congress and Sena may team up at the last moment, sources said.The picture will be clear only after the withdrawal of the nomination forms gets over. \"But if the Congress, the Shiv Sena and the MNS come together, Nashik will witness a major political change,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13027853", "title": "The jury is still out on the quality of milk you drink", "text": "KOCHI: How safe is that morning sachet of milk you buy? You should still wait to find out.Kochi Corporation, in a fit of civic concern, had collected five samples of packaged milk distributed by different companies in the city to ensure that you and I are drinking pure stuff, and sent them for quality testing to the Regional Analytical Laboratory (RAL) in Kakkanad. That was three weeks ago.But the corporation is still not in a position to vouchsafe the quality of the milk you drink.Kochi corporation health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf said RAL had submitted till now the result of only one sample to the civic body.\"We have received test findings of one sample, and this particular brand of milk is safe. We are told that the remaining results will be out within two days,\" he said.RAL is flooded with samples of water, milk and other materials for testing. Senior lab officials said they were having a tough time in conducting tests in large numbers and delivering the results on time due to severe staff shortage.Kochi has two private laboratories approved by the Food Safety Standards of India (FSSAI). People familiar with the matter said there was a need to set up more private laboratories on a public-private partnership (PPP) basis.Shivdas B Menon, an expert in food testing, said government agencies alone would not be able to tackle the increasing demand to test the quality of edible products. \"Issues such as sale of contaminated water, adulterated milk, and substandard and unhygienic food items are on the rise. The delay in testing the samples brought to the laboratories cannot be justified as it involves the health and well-being of citizens,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13028570", "title": "Kanpur in grip of acute water shortage", "text": "KANPUR: There is acute shortage of drinking water in the city. With the mercury crossing 40 degrees mark, the water needs have shot up tremendously. The situation has become so grave that people have started entering into brawls with each other. In a bid to fill the water buckets first, the people have even started resorting to violence. The same was the scenario in Jajmau on Sunday when two groups of women clashed, abused each other and threatened of dire consequences. The women became violent in a bid to fill their empty water buckets first. The locals of the area had to intervene into the matter to restore peace.This is not the lone case as such incidents are gradually becoming routine. The young girls and the women filling the empty vessels do not refrain to indulge in violence when they do not get chance. The scenario of water scarcity has passed from bad to worse in various other localities. The areas situated in the outskirts of the city and those which are densely populated have been facing the menace most. These incidents of brawls and violence are just an example of how this woe has been affecting the lives of the people on a daily basis. They have to stand in queues and wait for hours for filling the water buckets. It had also disturbed the daily routine and affected their sleep. Since the early morning hours, people throng the handpumps or the place where the water pumping motors have been installed to get water.The water table in many parts of the city had gone down and the handpumps have been rendered useless. Under such circumstances, the water pumping motors do the needful. But in the densely populated areas or the slum dwellers, who cannot afford to get the boring done and fetch water through the water pumping machines, remain fully dependant on the influential people of the area who provide them water.The cause of such a worrying water scarcity is the continuous decline in the level of the Ganga from where the water is pumped and supplied to the city by Jal Sansthan. The Ganga has dried up and its sand-beds are visible these days. One of the reasons for this situation is the meagre release of water from Narora dam into lower Ganga canal. The situation is so grave that the water level has reduced significantly at Bhairoghat pumping station from where water is pumped in and supplied to the city.But, regular decline in water level of the Ganga has raised the concerned for the availability of water for drinking purposes in the ongoing month. Water is released into Ganga from Narora dam but so far the water discharged into the river is not much. This has dipped the water level of the river to such an extent that the river bed is visible. The situation at the ghats is also not much different. The river has drifted away and this has been worrying the environmentalists and nature lovers.Around 52 crore litres of water is required to quench of the city people but this demand is not being met. The city is, therefore, reeling under the shortage of water.Apart from the Bhairoghat pumping station, water is also supplied from Ganga barrage. But Bhairoghat pumping station is the biggest and meets the major requirements of the city.The declining water level had worried Jal Sansthan authorities. The officials are expecting that the situation would improve in the next couple of days.But, regular decline in water level of the Ganga has raised the concerned for the availability of water for drinking purposes in the ongoing month. Water is released into Ganga from Narora dam but so far the water discharged into the river is not much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "malacca", "code": "13034931", "title": "India enter semifinals of Junior Asia Cup", "text": "MALACCA: India eked out a hard-fought 2-1 victory over China in their last pool match to enter the semifinals of the seventh junior men's Asia Cup hockey tournament on Monday.Naveen Antil (19th min) and Amit Rohidas (57th) scored the goals for India, while the Chinese lone reply came through winger Yu Xin in the 45th minute.Having registered two wins and a draw, India collected seven points to move into the last four stage.India needed to score a victory against China to top the pool but the Chinese packed their defence well as they did not let the Indians yield any generous leeway.The Chinese even threatened to pull off a draw and the Indian defence had to stretch themselves in the second half to keep their rival forwards at bay.India took a long time to settle down. It was winger Antil who tapped in a melee to give India the much needed goal in the 19th minute.There were many chances to go up subsequently but the forwards in Malak Singh, Akashdeep Singh and Satbir Singh were wayward inside the circle.After the teams changed sides with the scorecard reading 1-0 in India's favour, China scored the equaliser 15 minutes into the second half when Yu Xin connected a Zhang Zhixuan's hit in from the top of D much against the run of play.Indians attacked relentlessly, opening the wings and tightening the midfield, but chances were wasted due to poor finish inside the circle.India's penalty corner battery too was unimpressive. But vice-captain Rohidas managed to sent in a grounder off the fifth chance they got, much to the relief of their camp.The Chinese pressed hard in the last ten minutes stretching the Indian defence manned by Amit and Sukhmanjit Singh.Sushant Tirkey, the Indian goalie also came up with good saves to keep the lead intact.\"It's a do or die situation for the Chinese. They have nothing to lose. Since we did not put much goals, they pressed hard. This has resulted in a tense match. Had we only did well in the circle, utilising our chances, things would have been different,\" said India coach Baljit Singh Saini.\"A 4-1 score would have been ideal, but it's a lesson for our forwards for the future. They have to be sharper and productive inside the circle,\" he added.Saini though admitted that China were a strong side. \"At the same time, we have to look at the fact that the Chinese played superbly against Pakistan too. They are a good side. Sometimes, you play well still lose a point or two, and today we collected full points, this is what matters in the end,\" he said.India will next face either Pakistan or Sri Lanka in the semifinals.Pakistan need to defeat Sri Lanka by 12-goal margin to top the pool and therefore avoid Malaysia in the cross over semifinal on Thursday.India will meet hosts Malaysia in the semifinal on Thursday as Pakistan have pipped India to top the pool.Pakistan needed a 12-goal margin victory against Sri Lanka to top the pool and they achieved it in style, winning 14-0.Pakistan will take on South Korea in their last four match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13028626", "title": "UK may allow body scanners at airports", "text": "LONDON: 'Naked' body scanners , whose use has been debated world over for health and privacy concerns, may be introduced at all UK airports after an European Union study declared them to be safe.Manchester Airport has been trialling the device, known as back scatter scanner , since 2009, but the European Commission halted new trials last year amid concerns there was a risk to passengers' health from high levels of radiation.Now an EU study has decided that the risk from the scanners, which use X-rays to scan through clothing to produce images of passengers, is \"close to zero\" and no greater than other factors, the Daily Mail reported. The report said the radiation from a single passenger scan is 'equivalent' to the natural background radiation received within an hour on the ground or during ten minutes on a flight.It added that the doses per scan were \"well below the public dose limit\" , although the long-term effects, such as cancer risks, could not be dismissed entirely. The European Commission is now expected to approve the technology. Extensive tests by the UK Health Protection Agency and US health authorities had already confirmed the scanners pose a negligible risk to human health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026709", "title": "Fire breaks out in garment factory", "text": "JAIPUR: A massive fire at a garment factory situated in a residential colony of Sodala created a stampede-like situation on Sunday. At least three labourers suffered from severe burn injuries. One of the labourers, a woman, had to jump off the building's first floor to save herself, but sustained injuries in the attempt.The fire could have turned into a major catastrophe had it spread to nearby houses, locals alleged. The residents have registered an FIR against the factory owner and manager and alleged that operating a factory in a residential colony is illegal. They demanded that it be shifted somewhere else.The incident has once again highlighted that the civic bodies are not taking things seriously as the factories in the residential colonies continue to thrive.The fire broke out at a garment factory situated in Sushilpura in Sodala around 10.40 am. \"There are usually about 150 labourers working in the factory. However, it being a Sunday, only about 15 persons were inside when the fire broke out,\" said a police officer.He added that the fire soon spread and engulfed most of the factory premises. Three labourers sustained burn injuries. It was reported, a laborer Sapna jumped from the roof in an attempt to save herself.After conducting preliminary investigations, the fire department officials suspect a short-circuit to be the cause of the fire. At the time of the incident around 10 laborers were working inside the factory. Chief fire officer, Ishwar Lal Jat said, \"It took around two hours and 25 tenders to douse the fire. The fire broke out on the ground floor. We controlled it on time, otherwise it would have gulped the three-storey building.\"Locals of the area alleged that despite several complaints the civic authorities have not taken any action against the factory owner. \"The fire completely spooked the local residents. We had been demanding that the factory be shifted from here, but no action was taken by the civic bodies,\" said Vipin Agrawal, a local resident.Police have lodged an FIR against the factory owner Siddharth Agarwal and his manager Sanjeev Dixit, after receiving a complaint from the owners residing in the area. \"We have registered a complaint against the owner and manager. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13027872", "title": "Power minister demands 500mw of power from Kudankulam nuclear power project", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Power minister Aryadan Muhammed said Kerala which is avoiding hydro power projects for the preservation of environment should be given 500mw of power from Kudankulam nuclear power project.He said that the state is losing out in the production of 870mw in the name of environment protection.The Centre is responsible to cover this loss for the state, he said. The minister was inaugurating the annual general body meeting of KSEB Engineers' Association here on Sunday.Kerala's proposed share from Kudankulam project was 266mw. But Jayalalithaa is against giving even this share, he said.He also said the requirement of power is increasing by 10% every month and power production in the state is not matching this requirement. In 2020, the requirement will reach 6000mw and the state will be forced to depend on private sector for power and KSEB won't exist in such a scenario, he said. Those who oppose projects in the name of environment protection are not realising this, he said.Complete stoppage of hydro power projects is not good for a state like Kerala. So, the Biodiversity Conservation Act should be amended, he said.The state can get the nod of the Union environmental ministry for Athirappally power project. \"If the legislative Assembly clears the memorandum for this then I will go to Delhi along with the chief minister to get the clearance for the project,'' he said.He also said discussions are on with NTPC for the production of 1,050mw electricity using coal which is in the possession of the state.Efforts are on for using wind and solar energy for power production. Solar panels will be installed in private buildings to generate 10mw of power this year. Next year it will be increased to 100mw. Tamil Nadu and Kerala once produced 2mw of power from wind. But, now Kerala is producing 32 mw whereas Tamil Nadu has increased the production to 6000mw, he said.Though the Centre has earmarked Rs 30,000 crore for the production of non-renewable energy, there is not even a single project for Kerala to claim funds. But the state is surviving in this time of crisis due to the kindness of the Centre, he added.Association President E Muhammed Shereef presided.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan inaugurated the seminar on the topic 'Solar Power-Solution to Power Crisis in Kerala'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13027111", "title": "Teens rally against rash driving", "text": "NASHIK: Around 150 teenagers organized a rally on Sunday morning against rash driving following the death of a teenager at the hands of a rash driver. The rally began from the Mahatma Nagar grounds at 8am in the presence of police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and others.Following the death of 16-year-old Biyas Roy due to rash driving on May 3, his friends organized an awareness rally on Sunday. Recently, a teenager while talking on her cellphone while driving a scooter fell over a divider and lost her life.The teenaged rally planners said that by organizing the rally, they wanted to create awareness among the youth about the harmful effects of rash driving.The rally began from the Mahatma Nagar grounds at 8.30am, proceeded to Model Colony and back to the venue. Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, ACP (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur, principal of HPT Arts and RYK Science College, V N Suryawanshi, chairman of the Rotaract Club of the college, Dilip Beniwal, and RJ Rudra were invited to address the teenagers who had gathered at the venue before the rally.While Thakur questioned the credibility of the teenagers below the age of 18 driving vehicles, Sarangal said traffic issues in the city was the biggest problem. \"We could control crime but not traffic. Students can help us by working with our traffic cell,\" he said. All the guests on the dais applauded the gesture of the teens and emphasized safe driving.Sarangal flagged off the rally from the Mahatma Nagar grounds at 8.30am. The guests assembled on stage led the rally and the teenagers held posters with slogans on traffic safety and walked along. Apart from teenagers from various colleges, EcoDrive Youngsters and Manav Utthan Manch also participated in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13032577", "title": "SC grants bail to Narayan Sanyal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has granted bail to CPI (Maoist) leader Narayan Sanyal.Sanyal was convicted in a sedition case along with Dr Binayak Sen.The apex court has asked Narayan Sanyal to furnish a bail bond of Rs 1 lakh before the trial court.While granting bail, the court took into account the fact that he was 78 years old and had served 6 years of the 10-year sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13028421", "title": "Colva cops arrest two gang members", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Saturday night arrested two of a four-member gang of thieves after being thrashed and handed over to them by the locals. Nilesh Kavleker and Raju Gaus were remanded in 7-day police custody on Sunday, while the police are on the look out of the other two.Police sources informed that Betalbatim-resident Steffney Santiamo was on her way to Fatrade to meet her uncle by her Honda City car late Saturday evening. She parked her car at Varca and proceeded to her uncle's place in a goods rickshaw. By the time she returned to the place where she had parked her car at around 9.30 pm, she saw a Scorpio vehicle near the car, and some 2-3 persons suspiciously moving around. When she came closer, the persons fled by the Scorpio vehicle. Upon examining her car, she found the window glasses broken and a bag containing credit cards, two mobiles and 2000 cash missing. She immediately alerted her uncle and gave the description of the Scorpio vehicle.Santiamo's uncle later noticed the Scorpio par near Maria Hall, Benaulim, but when he accosted the occupants, two of them seated on the back seat took to their heels. However, while fleeing, the two snatched two gold chains worn by a lady passing that way and made off. Locals however managed to nab the other two occupants of the car and gave them a sound thrashing, before handing them over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13028585", "title": "Civic officials, locals clean Parmat Ghat", "text": "KANPUR: Members of Ganga Dev Deepawali Samiti, the locals residents and the municipal commissioner cleaned the Parmat Ghat on Sunday. The civic officials also spread awareness for the cause of 'Ganga safai abhiyan'.The civic officials reached Parmat Ghat in the morning and began cleaning spree which continued for three hours. They cleaned the ghat by removing polythene bags, waste papers, rotten flowers, cow dung and garbage.Municipal commissioner NKS Chauhan, who was heading the cleanliness drive, motivated the locals residents by urging them to join the mission and ensure that the ghats become clean.The civic officials urged the residents and visitors to the temple to think while throwing the garbage into the holy river.\"The Ganga would have a free flow when the people who clean the ghats will outnumber those who make the river dirty,\" said Chauhan. Every individual would have to play a role in the Ganga cleaning work.A large number of natives supported this 'Ganga safai abhiyaan' with the civic body officials. According to the locals, it is a practical approach to a major causes which could be solved with the participation of local people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026939", "title": "Pvt banks want cops to mediate without FIR in fraud cases", "text": "MUMBAI: Instead of registering FIRs for complaints of fraud and fighting cases legally, some private banks in the city are requesting police to act as mediator to recover money.\"When employees are the accused, banks do not want to fight cases legally. They want us to recover the money,\" said a police officer requesting anonymity.In one such case, a bank approached a police station in the western suburbs complaining that one of its employees siphoned off Rs1.92 crore. The 30-year-old employee was a deputy manager with the bank for the last eight years. When police insisted on registering a case, the bank asked the police to act as a mediator to recover the balance Rs 32 lakh from him. \"The bank had recovered Rs 1.6 crore as the accused had invested it in real estate. They failed to recover the balance as he spent it on renovation of flats he had purchased,\" said a police officer.The accused was in-charge of sanctioning payments for renovation in different branches of the banks in the country. \"The accused siphoned off money though no renovation was done,\" said the officer.The officer said they refused to act as a mediator. \"We were concerned about the accused, who is struggling to make ends meet. He used to draw a salary of Rs1.1 lakh. But greed for money made him to pay.We learnt that he accused was planning to commit suicide. We counselled him and explained what would happen to his familyif he killed himself,\" the officer added.The officer said after disclosing the fraud, the banks say that they are not interested in filing a complaint and want the police to act as a mediator to recover the sum.\"BThere have been several such cases that have gone unreported. The bank approaches the police with an intention to use us to recover the money from the fraudster without lodging an FIR. Banks claim they do not want to make the issue public and are not interested in fighting legal battles to recover the money,\" said the officer.Spokesperson for the city police, deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli said, \"We have not come across any such case. We will take recourse to legal means if any complaint comes.\" \"No illegal means would be adopted at anybody's instance. In such instances, they can approach senior officers,\" said Tamboli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "dakor", "code": "13027693", "title": "Heritage building of Dakor school to be demolished", "text": "Dakor: The 146-year-old heritage school in temple town Dakor has been closed down and the structure will be brought down soon. The school was initially constructed to educate boys by Bhattji Anna Kshetra Trust, later opened its doors to girl students too. Currently, the co-ed school operates for class 1 to 8.Officials said that the students will be shifted to new school premises in Vada Bazaar area. But the nostalgia of the heritage building which has taught almost all the residents of Dakor town runs high. \"The school building is a structure we have grown up with. Generations of families have studied in this school. The demolition of the heritage structure will tug our hearts\", says P D Joshi, a Dakor resident.Managing trustee Dwarkadasji Maharaj said that the Bhattji Anna Kshetra Trust was established around 200 years ago. The school was built to offer residents of Dakor town - revered for its Lord Krishna temple, easy access to education. The school compound also used to have a cow-shed and a government office in its premises.The heritage structure is being brought down because it has become old and dilapidated and can pose a risk to the students. There is currently no clarity on what would come up in the place of the heritage school.\"The school also carries a legacy of philanthropy. Teachers are known to adopt school children who could not afford fee, uniforms and booksTeachers here are known to help studies of these students by spending money from their own pockets,\" says a Dakor resident Tejas Shah. Each year, average 15-20 children are adopted by teachers. This year too, 16 students including a Muslim girl has been adopted by the teachers and are supported to complete their primary schooling despite the poor financial condition of their parents.In the Gunotsav programme held recently, the school had ranked first with the students faring well in the tests administered by government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13027103", "title": "Eight arrested in cop raid at scrap market", "text": "NASHIK: Eight persons were arrested following an early morning raid at a scrap market along the Satpur-Ambad link road on Sunday. Cops seized three two-wheelers, explosive chemicals and around 1.5 tonne of material, including copper, aluminum and brass, after inspecting 400 shops. The market, spread over 100 acres at Chunchale Shivar, has 500 scrap shops and comes under the jurisdiction of the Satpur and Ambad police stations.A police team led by deputy commissioner D S Swami and including 200 personnel, three assistant commissioners, 15 inspectors, 25 sub-inspectors was part of the raid. \"We have directed shop owners to submit details. We will register cases from Monday,\" said Swami. tnnThe ACPs who were part of the team were Avinash Ambure, Ganesh Shinde and Sandeep Palwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028607", "title": "Goa snubs Centre's Right to Education warning, loses funds", "text": "PANAJI: Goa had received a warning in January this year from central government officials, yet it failed to notify state rules of the Right to Education (RTE) Act and lost out on funds for new schools, uniforms, transportation and residential facilities for primary students.'There has been considerable progress in the notification of RTE rules by the states and union territories. The states of Karnataka, Gujarat, West Bengal and Goa, which have not yet notified the rules, were requested to expedite the process.It was pointed out that proposals for new schools, uniforms, transportation and residential facilities in 2012-13 will depend on the notification of the RTE rules,' stated the minutes of a state education secretaries' conference held by the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry in New Delhi from January 4 to 6.But when the HRD's project approval board's meeting was held on February 27 to review the RTE implementation in states and sanction funds, Goa, along with Karnataka had still not notified its state rules.Anshu Vaish, HRD ministry's secretary for school education and literacy, rejected funds to Goa for two sets of uniforms for primary students, for opening of 12 new primary schools and for residential schools for HIV orphans and Muslim children.Goa RTE rules are awaited till date. The January meeting found that only 70% schools across the country were 'RTE compliant' and Goa was among states that had the highest number of schools that needed to meet infrastructural needs as per RTE's requirements.Schools were judged on nine parameters to be declared 'RTE compliant' including separate girls' toilets, drinking water, ramps, pupil-teacher ratio, compound walls, playgrounds and libraries.'Given the RTE time frame, states were requested to expedite completion of civil works and recruitment of teachers. The states that need to pay special attention to the pace of construction are: Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Meghalaya, Orissa, Uttarakhand , West Bengal, Lakshadweep , Manipur, Jammu and Kashmir and Goa,' the minutes of the January meeting stated.But by February, the HRD still found Goa's civil works progress unsatisfactory. The central government has set a deadline of April 2013 for states and Union territories to implement all provisions of the RTE Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026875", "title": "Unidentified bodies keep piling, cops unfazed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit may have expressed concern over the unusually high number of unidentified bodies found in the city, but police insist that the figure is normal and calling Delhi a dumping ground for bodies would be an exaggeration. While an alarmed CM has sought the intervention of home minister P Chidambaram, cops say the average number of bodies found daily-7.15-has remained the same over the past four years.But statistics from the government website ZIPNET-that keeps count of unidentified bodies-point to a worrying trend. According to Delhi Police's figures, a staggering 37,463 bodies have been found since 2007, up from 24,416, the figure for last April. Of this, 24,769 could not be identified. The number of unidentified bodies found every year in Delhi is worked out at over 7,000.Though police try to trace their family members, in most cases, the bodies are never identified, and they have to perform the last rites at the government's expense. Of the 858 bodies found this year, the north district police have recovered 210 bodies and the central district police 104, with 30 bodies found even Lutyens' Delhi.Officials claim that most of these people are homeless or migrants who change their address every few days. Generally, bodies of people who have been killed are thrown on roads, drains, railway tracks, and in secluded areas. Forty per cent of the bodies have been found on rail tracks. In most cases, the bodies are recovered so late that it is impossible to find out if the person had an accident, or was a victim of foul play.Police say a large number of bodies are found in drains flowing into Delhi from Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. A significant number of unidentified bodies are found in parks on the outskirts of the capital. Officials say most of the bodies found on a daily basis are cases of natural death. \"We try to trace their family. We make announcements and even offer rewards for those who come forward to claim the body. If identification proof is found, we try to locate the family members. The body is preserved for 72 hours, but if nobody claims it, annual rites are performed,\" said Rajan Bhagat, additional DCP (spokesperson of Delhi Police).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028104", "title": "Yale tomb to let Metro rail pass", "text": "CHENNAI: Elihu Yale, twice appointed governor of British-controlled Madras in the late 17th century, changed the landscape of the city with the government general hospital and the Madras Corporation being planned under his guidance.More than three centuries later, the tomb of his son, David Yale, and his wife's first husband, Joseph Hynmer, remain as an artefact of his legacy and one of the 19 protected monuments in the city. The tomb will now give right of path to a transit system that promises to change the city all over again.The National Monuments Authority (NMA) of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has given a no-objection certificate (NOC) for the construction of an underground station and skywalks for the metro rail near the tomb inside the Dr Ambedkar Law College within the Madras high court premises.The clearance by NMA is significant because this is the first time that construction activity has been allowed near a protected monument after the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act was passed in 2010.Under the Act, any construction activity is completely banned within 100 metres of protected monuments and construction activities within 200 metres of such monuments have to be regulated and approved by the NMA.\"Though it is a protected monument, the tomb has less archaeological and historical significance. So, the New Delhi based NMA decided to give clearance for the metro rail work,\" said government sourcesLocated between two blocks of Dr Ambedkar Law College, the tomb has two plaques, for David Yale and Joseph Hynmer. David was the son of Elihu Yale and Catherine, who was Hynmer's widow. Yale married Catherine and had four children including David, who died at the age of three on January 25, 1688.Son of a rich Boston merchant, Yale was governor of Madras and occupied Fort St George between 1684 and 1692. He was also one of the principal benefactors of a Connecticut college that became the famous Yale University. Yale University in 2004 introduced a Tamil course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "13029334", "title": "Buttars go celebrating on parents' 38th marriage anniversary", "text": "BRS NAGAR: It was celebration time for Buttar family of BRS Nagar on Sunday as the senior-most members of the house - retired serviceman Gulshan Singh Buttar, 61, and his wife Paramjit Kaur, 58, - celebrated their 38th marriage anniversary.\"Our children Rajinder Pal Singh Gora, a music teacher, Deshdeepak Singh and Harpreet, both businessmen, had organized a special party for us,'' said Gulshan. \"The party was fun... we cut a cake and playfully smeared it on each other's faces. We then went down the memory lane, recalling the pleasant past. Gifts were also exchanged. I thank my children for giving us a delightful surprise bash,'' he added. \"I made 'dahi bhalla' for everyone, especially for Gulshan as he loves the dish when I prepare it,'' said Paramjit. Two-year-old Amtoj Mehar, their granddaughter, kissed and wished the couple. In the evening, the couple went to Gurdwara Alamgir Sahib to seek blessings. \"For the night, I, too, had planned a special surprise. While returning home from the gurdwara, I took Paramjit for a dinner,'' smiled Gulshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029028", "title": "For your community", "text": "The faculty of social sciences, Jamia Millia University, under its department of adult and continuing education and extension has revamped its earlier education extension programme into a development extension course. The move to refurbish the 20-year-old course into a new one was taken by the university in order to make it more development-oriented.The two-year MA/MSc programme will have an increased intake of students with a total of 20 seats from the new session.According to Shagufta Jamal, head of the department of adult and continuing education and extension, the new course aims to equip students to design and implement community-based projects through development intervention activities.\"UGC has recently placed a lot of emphasis on developmentoriented studies and lifelong learning. This was one of the reasons we decided to revamp the existing course into development extension, which will provide students more exposure vis-a-vis working with NGOs through field placement and training,\" says Jamal.Besides, she adds, the course is designed to help produce researchers, teachers, and petitioners who will be able to formulate, organise and evaluate various development projects.\"Our focus is to build a large knowledge-base through teaching and research in community development so as to facilitate extension of higher education, which was one of the mandates of UGC,\" she informs.Students, after completion of the course, can have good career prospects in the field of research, rural and urban development projects as well as rural development schemes. They can work with NGOs, corporate community projects or opt for foreign universities to join community development projects. Also, there may be job opportunities in research units of agencies like All India Radio and Doordarshan.Students with a BA/BSc/BCom background with a minimum aggregate of 50% are eligible for the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026859", "title": "Advani must be tried for Babri Masjid conspiracy: CBI to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has told the Supreme Court that it was not only against dropping of conspiracy charges against BJP leader L K Advani in the Babri Masjid demolition case but also wanted him and other leaders to face trial along with the accused kar sevaks.In the demolition incident, two FIRs were lodged. FIR No. 197/92 was against kar sevaks who allegedly demolished the mosque while FIR No. 198/92 had named Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi , Uma Bharti , Vinay Katiyar, Ashok Singhal, Giriraj Kishore, Vishnu Hari Dalmiya and Sadhvi Rithambara for making provocative speeches to instigate kar sevaks.The CBI in its recent affidavit said, \"It is not possible to separate some of the accused persons from 197/92 because they did not have a personal hand in the actual demolition of the disputed structure and be transposed as accused in 198/92.\"The agency added, \"It is incorrect to state that case crime no. 197/92 and 198/92 are two different cases and facts and the place of occurrence are different. The investigations by CBI had disclosed that there was a single larger conspiracy to demolish the disputed structure on December 12, 1992 and various accused so charged in the consolidated chargesheet in all the 49 cases played their own roles in achieving the object of the said criminal conspiracy.\"On Advani's role, the CBI said, \"Before the demolition started and during the course of demolition, various accused persons including the eight named in the FIR of crime no. 198/92, made provocative slogans from the manch (dais) causing the assembly to turn unlawful resulting in rioting and storming of the structure by the kar sevaks.\"In its 30-page affidavit, the CBI said, \"As and when the domes fell, the accused leaders and others on the manch celebrated the same by clapping, hugging each other and distributed sweets on the manch which was at a visible distance of 175 metres from the disputed structure.\"All the offences of shouting of provocative slogans creating enmity between two communities, affecting national integration as well as the demolition of the structure and assault on media persons not to create (sic) record of what was going on, formed part of the same transaction and could not be separated from each other.\" It also quoted a February 12, 2001 judgment of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court.Through the affidavit, the CBI at one go challenged the HC's 2010 judgment putting its stamp of approval on dropping of conspiracy charges against Advani, separation of trial of the two FIRs and the dropping of charges altogether against Bal Thackeray and 12 others on the ground that they were not present in Ayodhya on December 6, 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13032807", "title": "Nitish Kumar, Rabri Devi take oath as members of Bihar legislative council", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar , his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi , RJD leader Rabri Devi, besides eight others, including two state Ministers took oath as member of the state legislative council on Monday.State Legislative Council Chairman Salim Parvej administered the oath of office to them.The two ministers who were sworn in were agriculture minister Narendra Singh and rural works department minister Bhim Singh . Ramashray Prasad Singh, Sanjay Singh, Upendra Kumar (all from JD(U), Mangal Pandey, Satyendra Narayan Kushwaha and Lal Bau Rai(from BJP) were the others.Nitish Kumar, Modi and Rabri Devi were elected unopposed to the Bihar legislative council on April 19.They were among total 11 candidates who were elected unopposed in the biennial elections to the legislative council on the last date of withdrawal of nominations.This is the second consecutive term for Kumar and Modi, who is also a senior BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13026969", "title": "'Vicky Donor' causes flood of sperm donors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"I want to donate sperm for the welfare of the society. I am a 23-year-old BBA final year student.\"\"I am an event manager from a Gujarati family with business background. I want to donate sperm.\"\"I am interested in sperm donation in Delhi so that I can get some money and help for a noble cause as well\"\"I would like to donate my sperm to help others and for some extra income\"Innumerable mails like these from educated youngsters have been flooding inboxes of IVF clinics in Gujarat post the release of surprise Bollywood hit 'Vicky Donor'. Vicky has done what years of counseling could not accomplish - convince educated youngsters to donate sperm.Before the film's release, sperm banks that put up stalls during talent evenings in medical, engineering and management institutes urging students to turn sperm donors and help a childless couple got little response.Post the release of 'Vicky Donor', a romantic comedy based around the central these of sperm donation, youth are queuing up to do their bit at invitro fertilization (IVF) centres and sperm banks.\"The subject of sperm donation is no longer discussed in whispers. It is openly debated - an accepted option to help in a noble cause and earn some extra money,\" says Dr Himanshu Bavishi, fertility expert.Anand-based surrogacy and IVF specialist Dr Naina Patel says calls from youths wishing to donate sperm were rare till 'Vicky Donor' happened. \"In the past two weeks, we have received innumerable mails and calls from educated youths,\" she says.Sperm donors are offered anywhere between Rs 500 and Rs 3,500 per sample depending upon their eligibility criteria and specific demands of couples. Guidelines permit a man to donate sperms 85 times in their lifetime.Experts, however, say sperm donation is more technical than is essayed in the movie.\"The sample is taken and incubated for six-odd months. Tests for all infections are carried out to rule out infections like HIV. It is only after these formalities that the sample is used. Moreover, remuneration is also not all that handsome as the young may believe,\" says Bavishi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13027096", "title": "Accusations by DL Ravindra Reddy nothing but a \u2018rant\u2019: CM", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has finally responded to the charges of his ministerial colleague DL Ravindra Reddy saying that the latter has no work but keeps ranting about unnecessary things.DLR had accused the CM of being a Jagan covert. The CM replied to this saying that the health minister has no work and urged the media to focus on the development programmes of his government. Speaking to reporters at the airport here on Sunday, he said the media should play the role of an advisor to the government instead of highlighting trivial issues.The CM, who was on his way to Narasannapeta in Srikakulam for campaigning, expressed the hope that Congress would win all the seats in the bypolls.Buoyed by the agreement with Maharashtra on the Pranahita-Chevella project, Kiran said the state government would try to convince Chhattisgarh and Orissa also to ink a pact on the much delayed Polavaram project.Meanwhile, in a show of camaraderie before the elections and that all was well between them, Kiran sat next to PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana. They discussed party strategy for Payakaraopet assembly with local leaders. Botsa said that they are not astrologers to predict the results of the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032394", "title": "Superstar Rajinikanth meets special kids in Chennai", "text": "It was a happy moment for a bunch of little ones, when Superstar Rajinikanth posed for photographs with them.The actor graced the launch of the Cystinosis Chapter of India in Chennai on May 2, Wednesday and put a smile on the faces of children affected by the rare genetic disorder. The Chapter was inaugurated by Dr Bhaskar Ramamurthi, Director, IIT-Madras.Rajinikanth was seen in a simple white shirt and jeans, posed for photographs with the children and interacted with them. The kids, who were not more than 10 years old, were thrilled by Rajini's presence. And so were their parents.The event was organised by Sapiens Health Foundation and the organisers were only too happy that Rajini offered his support to the initiative. The Superstar is not one to lose his common touch , that's for sure.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028289", "title": "Maoists call for Bharat bandh on May 16", "text": "BHOPAL: Three days after Maoists released abducted collector Alex Paul Menon, the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) has given a call for Bharat bandh on May 16 to protest against the 'increasing presence' of Army in the tribal regions of Bastar. They are also opposing the on-going operations by the security forces in the tribal areas of several states.In a two page statement, CPI (Maoist) Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee spokesman Gudsa Usendi stated deployment of Army in Bastar, in the guise of training, was in fact an attempt by the government to crush the revolutionary movement.The Chhattisgarh government plans to handover an area of 750 square kilometres in the Maad (Abujmarh) to the Army for its \"training activities,\" the Maoist leader said adding that the state government itself was violating the provisions to check transfer of tribals' land to others and the fifth schedule of the constitution.At present, the Army is conducting its training activities between Kondagaon and Narayanpur and the forces also have plans to expand their domination into the Maad area, he said.Opposing the anti-naxalite operations-which the Maoists term as 'Operation green hunt\"-the CPI (Maoist) spokesman claimed that the security forces killed more than 250 tribals in Bastar region alone during the last two-and-a-half years. He alleged that the motive behind such operations was to handover the vast minerals and other natural resources to the corporate houses.Pointing out that more than 3000 people from the \"Dandakaranya\" region were languishing in different jails of Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh , Usendi said the security forces had slapped false cases on them. Many of them are innocent and poor tribals, who could not even afford to hire a lawyer to defend them.\"Similar is the situation in Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand , Bihar , West Bengal and Orissa where tribals are being implicated in false cases,\" Usendi said adding that the 24 hour long bandh would be observed in all these states and Gondia, Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts of Maharashtra. \"However, health services and students' examinations have been exempted from the Bandh\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13028803", "title": "Crime branch sleuths arrest three bag-lifters", "text": "AMRAVATI: Crime branch sleuths arrested three bag-lifters from State Bank of India Camp locality and Railway Station square on Friday. The three thieves - Tejbindar Singh Thakur (36), Chandan Singh Thakur (40) and Satyapal Singh alias Bhandara Thakur (28) - have confessed to their involvement in two incidents of theft of cash from the dickey of two-wheelers last month. They are residents of Muradabad of Uttar Pradesh.After getting tip-off, the crime branch sleuths caught Satyapal Singh from SBI Camp locality. One of his accomplices managed to give the cops a slip.Later during interrogation, Satyapal revealed the names of his aides which helped police apprehend Tejbindar and Chandan from Railway Station square. During interrogation it came to fore that the three persons were planning some more bag lifting incidents in various parts of Vidarbha.Police have booked them under relevant sections of IPC and are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028846", "title": "Uma Bharati meets Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati met Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist GD Agrawal) on Sunday. He is being force-fed at Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital due to his continuous fast-unto-death. She also held a closed door meeting with Swami Avimukteshwaranand of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam at Kedar Ghat, where Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand is on a fast-unto-death.Uma visited SPG Hospital where Swami Sanand and Ganga Premi Bhikshu are kept in the emergency ward and force-fed under the supervision of senior doctors. She left the place for Dashaswamedh Ghat to take a holy dip in the Ganga on the occasion of Buddh Purnima. Several social and religious organisation carried out processions and staged demonstrations at the ghats along Ganga to extend support to the on-going stir to save the holy river.Hospital superintendent-in-chief DB Singh said that on Sunday, Swami Sanad suffered due to cold and fever. On Sunday morning, a team of doctors also visited Kedar Ghat to check the health of Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand, whose fast-unto-death entered the fourth day.Uma visited Kedar Ghat in the evening where she held a closed door meeting with Swami Avimukteshwaranand to know the progress in the talks with government on the issue of saving Ganga. She told reporters that she had extended support to the on-going agitation of Swami Sanand.She said that Ganga is like mother for all of us. People from all the castes and communities should come forward to save it.She asked not to politicise the issue and think seriously to maintain the flow of water in the holy river and make it free from pollution.Uma visited Kedar Ghat in the evening where she held a closed door meeting with Avimukteshwaranand to know the progress in the talks with government on the issue of saving Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027660", "title": "Tempo runs over man riding pillion with daughter", "text": "BANGALORE: A senior citizen visiting his daughter in Bangalore was killed after a tempo hit their scooter, threw him off the pillion and ran over him late on Saturday evening on Vatal Nagaraj Road.When Prakash, 52, a native of Maddur in Mandya district, arrived at Majestic bus stand, his daughter, Shobha, picked him up on her scooter. They were riding back to her Kurubarahalli residence when the tempo, coming from the opposite direction, hit the two-wheeler near Maheswari Bhavan.Thrown off the scooter, Prakash came under the tempo's wheels and was killed instantly. Shobha survived with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13028349", "title": "Farmer leader to float new party", "text": "HUBLI: After the Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha entered the political arena decades ago and formed Kannada Desha party which failed to make any impact, farmer leader and Rajya Raitha Sangha president Kodihalli Chandrashekar is all set to launch another political party named Praja Pragati Ranga. Chandrashekar told reporters here on Saturday that he was launching a new political outfit as all the major parties like Congress, BJP and JD(S) have failed to give good governance. He said his party will be a cluster of several dalit organizations and second line political parties.The Praja Pragathi Ranga will include Republican Party of India, the Bahujan Samajwadi Party , Social Democratic Party of India, Lok Janashakthi, Welfare Party of India, Dalit Sangharsha Samiti, Samatha Sainik Dal, Popular Front of India and the Nomadic Federation.He alleged that top leaders of all the major political parties were involved in scams and cases of corruption and hence had no moral right to be in power.When asked why he was launching a political party rather than strengthening the farmers' movement, Chandrashekhar said it would be better if the farmers and other people from exploited classes became rulers so that they could address the problems easily. He expressed confidence that his new party would create flutter in the next elections to the state assembly.To popularize the party and also understand the problems of farmers, dalits and underprivileged, the party will hold Belgaum divisional-level convention on May 12 at Laxmi Sadan in Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033934", "title": "Billa 2 earns whooping 40 crores before release", "text": "His fans call him Thala. However, the man prefers to be simple, yet full of mass and class appeal. We are speaking about Ajith Kumar, who has had a dramatic run so far in the Tamil cinema industry.His journey includes high peaks and deep pits, which has collected him a huge fan base in Tamil Nadu. It seems like the producers and distributors of his upcoming flick, Billa 2, have understood the strength of his fan base well. Or else, they could not have sold the theatrical rights of Billa 2 for a whooping forty crores, which is a record number, as far as we consider Ajith Kumar's career.Billa 2 is a prequel to the blockbuster hit Ajith Kumar starrer Billa, which had its release way back in 2007. Billa was a remake of the Rajnikanth starrer that goes by the same name, which was one of most popular movies in the illustrious career of Rajnikanth. However, now, Billa 2, the prequel to the Ajith starrer Billa, says how David Billa earns his mark as an international gangster. In addition to Ajith, the movie also stars Parvathi Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah as the female lead roles. The first edition of the movie had Vishnuvardhan as the director. However, Chakri Toleti of Unnaipol Oruvan fame is canning the second edition.While the storyline of Billa 2 appears interesting, since it is a prequel, the distribution of the movie is turning out to be a more interesting tale. Earlier, there were reports that the production house for Billa 2 has sold the theatrical right of the movie for 26 crore rupees. However, rubbishing all the rumors, the production house, IN Entertainment , a part of Hindhuja Business group itself has released an official report with the exact figures of money for getting the distribution rights.The official report from INE states that the company has sold the theatrical rights for an awesome 40 crore rupees, which by any means, is a record - breaking figure for any Ajith movie. However, the report also claims that this figure is just for the theatrical rights in Tamil Nadu region. The company stills hold the distribution rights in Kerala and the Hindi dubbing rights. The report also says that this whooping figure of money marks an eighty percent rise when compared to Ajith's previous movie Mankatha! This clearly shows that Ajith is getting bigger in the picture of Tamil cinema!Source: Dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13028028", "title": "Dhanbad police to form disaster management team", "text": "SINDRI: The Dhanbad police administration is making efforts to constitute a vibrant disaster management committee at police station level considering the fact that strengthening the disaster management team is the need of the hour to ensure fast relief and logistical assistance to people in distress.Giving this information Dhanbad SP R K Dhan said the district police and general administration were equally concerned about the lack of fire tenders and shortage of staff in the fire department. Dhan said the concerned higher officials had already been informed about the prevailing situation.He said so while addressing the media at the sidelines of a function organized by the Sindri Chamber of Commerce to provide financial assistance to the owners whose shops were gutted by the devastating fire that broke out in Sindri market on March 30.Replying to a query, the SP said, \"It is practically impossible for the fire tenders from Dhanbad and Jharia to reach Sindri in the dead of night once and when any fire incident happens or any crisis arises. We often rope in the firefighting crew of public and private sector industries in times of crisis and such companies should keep their fire tenders and staff in ready mode and come forward to help.\"In course of the function he praised the efforts of Sindri people and members of the chamber of commerce in dousing the flames. While secretary of the Sindri Chamber of Commerce, Deepak Kumar Dipu presented a detailed report on money collected from different organizations and shops, president of the Dhanbad District Chamber of Commerce Rajiv Sharma asked shopkeepers to remain alert in future to avoid recurrence of such incidents.Cheques worth Rs 1.67 lakh were distributed among the affected shopkeepers on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028067", "title": "No decision on presidential candidate: MoS Narayanasamy", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy on Sunday said the Congress is yet to finalize a candidate. \"Our leader Sonia Gandhi has been discussing it with alliance party leaders. Both Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will discuss and decide the Congress candidate,\" he told reporters on Saturday.While behind-the-scene activity has picked up to find a candidate acceptable to all its allies, the Congress is yet to officially make an announcement. The party has been working to get the support of all its allies to arrive at a consensus candidate. While the name of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has been doing the rounds, vice president Hamid Ansari is also said to be in the race.Defence minister A K Antony, who met DMK chief M Karunanidhi a week ago, had presented him a list of probable candidates for the presidential polls. On Saturday, the DMK chief had indicated he would support Pranab if he was the UPA's choice. \"If Pranab is the candidate of the UPA coalition, the DMK will not hesitate to back his candidature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028439", "title": "Ramdev's supporters, cops beat youth for asking question", "text": "BHOPAL: A youth was booked for disturbing public peace'' at Morena in Madhya Pradesh's Bhind district on Sunday after yoga guru Baba Ramdev's supporters and cops allegedly thrashed him for asking him a question about his attempt to evade arrest by disguising as a woman in Delhi last year.Ashutosh Parihar, who is preparing for his pre-medical test, was allegedly beaten up after he walked up to Ramdev and told him that he was interested in joining his movement but wondered why he had disguised as a woman at a local stadium where the Baba was conducting his two-day yoga training camp.Ramdev's supporters immediately pounced on him and thrashed him. Even the policemen present there joined them to beat him up, eyewitnesses said. Subsequently, the police booked him under Indian Penal Code's preventive Section 151.Parihar was later produced before a local court that granted him bail.Bhind superintendent of police Akash Jindal said the youth was booked as he tried to climb up the dais where the yoga guru was present.Ramdev downplayed the incident. It should not have been done. But it is a matter of the family of our supporters. We will sort it out.''Ramdev was meeting his supporters and explaining his Bharat Swabhiman Yatra\" to fight corruption in public life and the need bring back black money stashed abroad when the incident happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027276", "title": "Raiways hygiene tip: Free phenyl for AC passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: Buy an upper-class ticket and get a phenyl pouch free to clean the toilet before use. It's the railways' solution to a problem they have not been able to solve for decades.\"Some of our trains take up to 40 hours to complete a journey. Though efforts are made to clean the toilets at intermediate stations, there are regular complaints from passengers about hygiene. After all, the toilets are used by all passengers and one can't ensure that everybody maintains the same standards of hygiene. As a pilot project, we have decided to start distributing phenyl pouches to those travelling in AC coaches. If they have any problem, they can mix the phenyl with water and sprinkle it around the toilet. This will not only sanitize the toilet but also remove any foul odour. Gradually, we shall extend this facility to all trains,\" said A K Verma, general manager, SER.According to officials, it was Verma's brainwave to distribute phenyl pouches to passengers after complaints poured in on the Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Chennai, Trichy and Yeshwantpur routes. If all passengers were to empty their pouches in the toilets, the level of cleanliness will go up automatically, an official reasoned.Verma has also approached Railway Board to get Nagpur and Vijaywada converted to 'clean train stations'. \"Toilets are already cleaned at stations like Rourkela and Kharagpur. The two new stations will add to passenger amenities and ensure better hygiene. We have also received complaints from passengers that liquid soap dispensers in the toilets are sometimes empty. Our GM has instructed that soap paper strips be distributed among AC passengers. We shall start issuing them on select trains initially and then extend this service to all trains,\" said Soumitra Majumdar, CPRO, SER.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13028597", "title": "Pawar: State MPs must rise above politics", "text": "THANE: NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Sunday said parliamentarians from Maharashtra should sink their party differences and seal a working alliance for holistic development of the state. \"It's time to rise above party politics for the growth and development of the state. Parliamentarians from neighbouring states have displayed a certain cohesiveness when it comes to state-related issues. We should also take a leaf from them,\" Pawar said after laying the foundation stone of a stadium at Kolshet here.Earlier in Mumbai, Pawar said the UPA should arrive at a consensus on the presidential candidate. He also felicitated Gandhian and freedom fighter Dattaji Tamhane who completed his 100th birthday on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028145", "title": "Drive against ads on electric posts", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) in the district has decided to start a drive against illegal and unauthorized use of electrical posts by cable television operators.The cable operators have been using electric poles to give cable connections in houses. The KSEB have asked them to remove all such cables before May 27. It has also asked advertisement agencies and political parties to remove their ads from electric poles.KSEB officials said that the move is to avoid short circuits and make maintenance of electrical connection easy for KSEB linemen during rainy season.\"It will be a tough task for us to remove the illegally-fixed advertisement boards from the electric poles as a good number of them belong to different political parties. In such a situation the drive is likely to invite strong protests from the political parties,\" said a senior KSEB official.According to officials, notices are being posted on the electric posts using 'maida' which can cause lots of inconvenience to linemen during rainy season.In order to discuss the issues, a safety meeting will be held this month under the aegis of the district collector. Decisions on taking punitive measures against violators will also be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027001", "title": "Nod likely for drinking at retail outlets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is considering a proposal to allow consumption of alcohol at retail outlets as part of its new liquor policy, which is to be unveiled next month. This facility, for retail outlets to have their own permit rooms, would be limited to towns with population less than 5 lakh. But, according to sources, bar-owners are already opposing the idea saying it would be detrimental to their business.As per present rules, permit rooms are not allowed in areas which are served by bars. Interestingly, bar licences are given only for urban and tourist areas. However, if the government does go ahead with the proposal, permit rooms will be allowed even in those areas where bars are already operating.\"The stringency of law is encouraging defiance. Prevention of liquor consumption at retail outlets is an example of this. Now, the department is considering going for a corrective measure, at least in a limited manner,\" said a senior official with the excise department.He said that the move was also in the interest of society. \"If you say that a consumer can only buy liquor and can't consume there (at the shop), then you are only prompting him to find a place for it. And it means that he would either drink at home, or at public place, which is not advisable,\" he said.The model is apparently borrowed from Tamil Nadu where retail shops are generally allowed to serve liquor on their premises. However, according to the official, the new policy will not introduce any sweeping changes as there is a need to strike a fine balance between various business interests, like pubs and bars.Liquor retailers have welcomed the move but are demanding that permit rooms be allowed across the state, irrespective of population of the area. \"It is practical for liquor consumption to be allowed at retail outlets. But limiting such licences according to some set criteria would be to, in effect, continue with the impractical rule in other areas. Prevention of permit rooms would be counterproductive,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers' Association.However, excise officials said that they did not want too many permit rooms as it could pose law enforcement problems. \"Given the availability of infrastructure and manpower, we would be calling for an extra burden in case we allow permit rooms everywhere,\" the official said.The tenure of the new licences would be two years, as is the case now. Initially, the excise department is learnt to have proposed one-year licences, which were to be distributed on the basis of a lottery. However, according to the official, following deliberations, it was decided to retain the two-year licences while doing away with auctions for its distribution. The licence fee would be capped at Rs 1 crore.Liquor seized from belt shops rises by 50%HYDERABAD: The government may claim there are no 'belt shops' in the state, but the quantity of liquor seized from these illegal vends prove beyond doubt that they exist. Also, in 2011-12 financial year, the quantity of liquor seized from belt shops has gone up by a whopping 50% compared to previous year. In 2011-12, excise officials cracked the whip on 15,396 shops across the state and seized 1,28,590 litres of alcohol.However, during the previous year (2010-11), 85,962 liters was seized in 15,370 cases. \"Though the seized quantity is up by 50%, in many places it continues to go unchecked, especially in Andhra region because of political interference and shortage of manpower. Whenever we get information, we crack down on belt shops,'' excise sources told TOI. The government also asks officials to go slow since such acts might dent the state's revenue. The rise in seizures is also because Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) clearly established the nexus between liquor syndicate and excise officials.As a result, the excise officials also got into the act to prove that they were also making efforts to crackdown the belts hops. Contrary to excise and prohibition minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana's recent statement in the Assembly that 39 checkposts in the state were being strengthened, there is poor infrastructure at many excise checkposts, allowing easy entry of non-duty paid liquor (NDPL). At Ravulapalem in Mahbubnagar district, there is a 'designated' checkpost, but there are neither excise officials nor the post itself. So, there is free flow of non-duty paid liquor from these routes,'' the sources said.Recently, liquor syndicate leader Balraj Goud, who was arrested by ACB officials, confessed that he used to bring in NDPL into the state from several states. In the last one year, 629 NDPL cases were booked, while it was 371 cases during the earlier year. Similarly, 1,532 liters of defence liquor was seized when it was illegally being transported. Since several years, there was no recruitment of constables, leading to poor enforcement. Understandably, 1,679 cases were booked against wine shop owners for failing to sell liquor at the maximum retail price (MRP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028329", "title": "Dandi Pul's bigger plan a non-starter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Dandi Pul restoration, there is much more than the Rs 6 crore plan that the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) proposed recently. Two years ago, Cept University and AMC had estimated a cost of Rs 12.62 crore for restoration and development of Dandi bridge, with landscaping and a riverside plaza. The plan also envisaged connecting the bridge with the historical Dandi March route.\"This plan was part of the Rs 367 crore Dandi March heritage project that the state government had proposed to partner with the Centre and had even submitted to the union ministry of culture in 2010 and then again in 2011. There is yet no clarity on whether the funds for the project being earmarked under JNNURM or separately under the Dandi heritage project,\" says a senior AMC official.The plan of beautification of the entire area surrounding Sabarmati Ashram involved tree plantation and landscaping. Another aspect of the project was providing toilet blocks and drainage system to the Parikshit Nagar slums, which are located right next to the Ashram. Ironically, for years these slums have not been provided certain basic civic facilities.The project also proposed to spend another Rs 12.42 crore on development and beautification of the main road facing Sabarmati Ashram. It includes carriageway, parking area, walkway, kiosk, toilet block and other facilities.A major project of this plan was a proposed six-lane 1,000 metre-long bridge across the Chandrabhaga Nala near the Ashram in an effort to divert the increasing vehicular traffic from Ashram Road to the 132-feet Ring Road. An estimated cost of Rs 153 crore had been earmarked for these works. Besides, the state government had proposed over Rs 20 crore for developing a 36-metre wide and 500-metre-long pedestrian pathway for creating a silent zone around the Ashram area.The new 4-km-long BRTS link between Bhavsar hostel and Vadaj was done with the aim of cordoning off the Ashram area and its surroundings from traffic. The state government was to notify the city administration to block the main Sabarmati Ashram road to convert the ashram precinct into a silent zone.\"The project was supposed to be implemented in a phased manner. With the high court issuing notices to the Centre, we expect that the government departments concerned speed up the process,\" says a senior AMC official.Ashram designed by Maganlal GandhiThe Sabarmati Ashram was originally designed by Gandhi's nephew Maganlal Gandhi, who had also designed the Phoenix Ashram in Durban, South Africa, from where Gandhi launched his career in public life.The Gandhi Smarak Sangrahalay that now stands at the ashram was designed by well-known architect Charles Correa. It symbolizes the asceticism, minimalism, and functionalism that characterized Mahatma's life.Correa's addition to the ashram is also important from an architectural point of view. Experts say Correa successfully integrated Le Corbusier-inspired open grid plan and pyramidal roofs with the surrounding environment.Gandhian scholar Tridip Suhrud says: \"Gandhi founded his ashram near a crematorium on the banks of the Sabarmati. It was a statement against the caste system as marginalized people lived near crematoriums. Gandhi wanted to break all such notions and founded the ashram far from the main city.\"City's cleanliness was close to Bapu's heartIt was Bapu's dream to see a cleaner and better managed Ahmedabad so that people feel a sense of pride for the city. He started working on sanitation issues with his close friend Dr Hariprasad Desai soon after settling down at Kochrab Ashram in 1915. A campaign against spitting on roads, cleaning vessels with mud, campaign against defecation in the open, cleanliness of public toilets and against dumping garbage in the open were some of the issues Gandhiji fought for.While addressing a public meeting in Ahmedabad in 1924, Bapu said: \"I may only say that my heart weeps to see the misery, the squalor, and the dirt in the streets of Ahmedabad as I pass through them. How can starvation and dirt be allowed to exist in a city of such riches and rich traditions?\" Later, in a 1928 speech, he said: \"Nature has gifted Ahmedabad with such air and water that it could become a health resort. Its residents, however, pollute both these.\"Bapu believed that for complete Swaraj, people first had to start cleaning their backyards and neighbourhoods. Bapu and Desai planned a month-long series of articles in the Navajivan weekly on cleanliness and sanitation work, which started on September 27, 1919. The series was called 'Gujarat nu patnagar, Amdavad', which later became the title of well-known historian Ratnamanirao Jote's book on the history of the city, which came out in 1929. The series became so popular that it was translated into English by Mahadev Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028606", "title": "Poor conviction of BEST drivers in fatal mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: The conviction rate for rash and negligent driving by BEST drivers is less than 10%. Officials and BEST committee members say this is the reason why the undertaking's drivers \"drive so dangerously\".There has been a spate of accidents involving BEST accidents in the last two months, including the one near Kalanagar junction on April 6 in which a double-decker BEST bus overturned, kiiling a soon-to-be-married biker and injuring more than 18 passengers.According to official statistics, there were four convictions and 36 acquittals in 2010-11 under section 304-A (causing death by negligence), the punishment for which is a jail term of up to two years and fine. While an average 300 cases under section 304-A are pending against drivers for judgment, statistics reveal 13 convictions and 57 acquittals in 2009-10 as compared to 19 convictions (the highest) and 90 acquittals in 2008-09.BEST committee member Ravi Raja said, \"We need to introduce stringent measures to control rash and negligent driving. There has to be some big deterrent for errant drivers.\" He said there should be regular camps on road safety and traffic rules. \"They (BEST drivers) don't follow the law. I have witnessed buses almost brushing past my car, over-speeding and not maintaining lane discipline,\" he said.Commuters, too, are upset with rash bus drivers. A victim who sustained injuries in the Kalanagar accident said, \"When I realized the driver was speeding, I asked him to slow down. But he ignored my plea and the mishap took place.\"A motorist, Juthika Sheode, recalled how a BEST bus drove rashly on April 3 and banged her car. The incident occurred when she was driving from Raheja hospital towards Mahim on the station road. \"When I confronted the driver, he blamed me for the mishap,\" she said. \"Such type arrogant rash drivers are responsible for accidents.\"Some officials from the transport undertaking admitted there was a need to discipline the drivers. A BEST committee member claimed that cases sometimes resulted in acquittals because witnesses failed to come forward to testify against the driver. Consumer rights activists have demanded that BEST buses should have speed governors and the department has already begun the process of indigenously manufacturing \"speed-limit gadgets\" to control the speed of the bus.BEST officials claimed the number of fatal accidents has dropped and only seasoned/trained drivers are deployed on important routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13027974", "title": "IIT-Madras\u2019s geo-tubes to check coastal erosion in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "CHENNAI: They are the new coastal protectors and appear like giant tubes along the sea-shore. The department of Ocean Engineering, IIT-Madras, will soon switch to geo-tubes and geo-bags, geo-synthetic products made of fibre used to protect the coast from sea-erosion.The IIT-M, which successfully laid out these tubes and bags for about a kilometre along the Uppada coast in Andhra Pradesh in 2010, will now extend it for another 3 km. The site was badly eroded due to severe wave activities. However, Tamil Nadu government is yet to look at the potential of these materials for its own coast.Geo-synthetic tubes and bags are made from synthetic or natural polymer in the form of a sheet, a strip or a three dimensional structure, to use in contact with soil and water in civil and coastal engineering applications. They come in bags, tubes and containers, with at least 2% to 5% filled with fine soil to withstand the high tides.Though the geotubes are commonly used for construction of sea walls, dykes, revetments and offshore breakwaters in western countries, the coastal states in India prefer to use the groynes which are cheaper. Groynes are carved out of big rocks, protruding into the sea for about a km or so to protect the coast and beach, bed and bank of water bodies for land reclamation. \"The geo-synthetic products are more efficient and success rate is far higher,\" said Prof V Sundar, department of ocean engineering, IIT Madras, who heads the consultancy team.The IIT-M team helped build a one-km long geo-tube wall in Digha beach in West Bengal in 2008. \"Geo-tubes are common in western countries, especially in the US, Australia and European countries. It can play a major role, but extensive care is required in selection of geo-synthetic material and skilled labour to make it work,\" said Prof Sundar.In Uppada, the IIT-M used geo-tubes, filled with geo-bags to act like a cushion, and covered by stones tied with ropes. The state PWD sources said the water resources wing would take up geo-tubes especially in north Chennai, after IIT-M completes its study. The 1,076 km long coastline of Tamil Nadu is significantly eroded due to climatic change, man-made projections like thermal power stations, desalination plants and harbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033448", "title": "Aamir to write Ashok Gehlot on female foeticide", "text": "Superstar Aamir Khan, whose debut TV show \" Satyamev Jayate\" focused on the issue of female foeticide, said he would write to chief minister Ashok Gehlot requesting him to set up a special court for speedy trial in various such cases in courts.The 47-year-old actor was expressing concern over rampant practice of female foeticide in Rajasthan and other areas in the first episode of his reality show aired on Sunday.He pledged to write to Gehlot with request to set up courts for clearing pendency of such cases in various courts in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028346", "title": "Senior citizen held for income tax fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police arrested a senior citizen for collecting money by pretending to represent an income tax official. Police are questioning him to determine whether he is involved in any other fraud.According to Vastrapur police officials, Ashok Ram, a resident of Bopal and employee at Backbone Construction Pvt Ltd - located near Rajpath Club - was approached by a man who identified himself as Ashwin Soni. Soni told Ram he had been sent by S K Mishra, a senior I-T officer. Soni said Ram had to buy 20 passes of Rs 1,000 each on the request of the officer. The passes were ostensibly for a musical night at Jaltarang party plot.\"Ram knew the party plot had been closed for a while,\" said a Vastrapur police official. \"He told Soni he had no issues purchasing the passes but would have to take permission of his bosses and asked Soni to return on Saturday. Soni's check revealed the programme had been made up.\"Police nabbed Soni when he came to Ram's office and seized passes from him. Police learnt that Soni was actually Manharlal Mistry, 64, a resident of Kadva Patidar Society, Naroda. Mistry said he worked for one Bharat Shah, a Naroda resident, who offered him Rs 100 for every pass sold.\"The fraudsters believed that with the name of an income tax officer, they could intimidate the affluent into buying the tickets,\" the official said. Shah has not been found yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027231", "title": "At district level, 2.7% of scribes women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite high decibel debate on women's empowerment, gender representation in media remains abysmally low at the grassroots level. A study conducted by Media Studies Group based on RTI replies has found that representation of women journalists at the district level is a lowly 2.7%.There are six states and two Union Territories which have zero per cent women at the district level while Andhra Pradesh tops the list with 107 women journalists in the districts. The study is based on data and information received from 255 districts of 28 states. Total number of districts surveyed represents 40% of the total districts.Media Studies Group received data and information on 14,278 accredited journalists, reporters and editors from 255 districts in reference to social background of media persons working at the district level.The study revealed that only 2.7% journalists working at the district level were women. The number of total accredited female journalists at the district level is a meager 329.According to the survey, Assam, Jharkhand, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Orissa and Manipur and Union Territories of Puducherry and Daman &amp; Diu have no women representation at the grassroots level. Information received from these states revealed that there was not a single female journalist working at the district level.The data regarding correspondents, reporters and editors is based upon information received from four districts of Manipur, six districts of Arunachal Pradesh, two districts of Orissa, 10 districts of Assam, three districts of Nagaland, six districts of Jharkhand and one each from Puducherry and Daman &amp; Diu.The states having maximum percentage of accredited female journalists are Sikkim and Meghalaya. Percentage of female journalists working at the district level in these states is 16.66% for each. The figures are based on information received from three districts of Meghalaya and two districts of Sikkim.Participation of female reporters, correspondents and editors working at the district level in Bihar is 9.56% while in Chhattisgarh, it is 9.38%. This is based on data of 22 districts of Bihar and eight districts of Chhattisgarh. Total number of accredited journalists in Bihar is 251 out of which 24 are female whereas Chhattisgarh has 32 journalists out of which only three are female.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13028226", "title": "Dengue control measures initiated in Kadayanallur", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: After a series of deaths in Kadayanallur region due to suspected dengue, the state health machinery has beefed up its measures in the region with a number of higher officials visiting the spot and surveying the situation recently. On Friday, director of public health R T Porkai Pandian, director of health services S Paranjothi and other high-profile officials from the state health department camped in the region and discussed control measures. Later, they announced a series of measures undertaken in the region to fight the infection.Kadayanallur region has earned the notoriety of being endemic with dengue and a number of deaths were reported in 2009. Last month, three succumbed to the fever though district health officials confirmed just one case as dengue-related. S Chandru, a five-year-old boy died due to dengue on April 25 while Raheema (37) died on April 17 and ten-months-old Tasreen died on April 26 though these two deaths were attributed to hypertension and diarrhoea. The local people strongly claimed that they died of dengue. On Wednesday, Karthikeyan, another ten-months-old child from Mela Kadayanallur succumbed to the fever. Irked by the series of deaths, local people started staging demonstrations and have taken the issue up with the state government.Addressing the media in Kadayanallur, Porkai Pandian and Paranjothi said special wards to treat dengue cases have been established in government hospitals at Kadayanallur and Tenkasi. \"Five medical officers have been deployed in the ward at Kadayanallur and a Complete Blood Counter (CBC) has been established in Kadayanallur GH. At present, CBC has been brought from Ambasamuthuram GH on a temporary basis but we will work on getting a new CBC for Kadayanallur GH,\" he said. He also announced that Tenkasi GH would get 25 units of platelets per week from Tirunelveli GH to treat the dengue patients. Besides, a team of medical officials including one deputy director of health and two principal entomologists were stationed in Kadayanallur who will be involved in all precautionary measures, Pandian said. \"As the Kutralam season will commence shortly, all medical facilities in Kadayanallur will stay till August end,\" he said. Adding to that, Paranjothi said all necessary measures were taken to control the infection and urged the people not to panic. He also asked people to approach government hospitals in case of any fever complaints. They also said two officials, the district malaria officer Mohan and health inspector Chelladurai were suspended for dereliction of duty and departmental inquiries had been ordered upon them.The announcements cheered the local public since they have been fighting for a special ward and other medical facilities to treat dengue in Kadayanallur.S Sulaiman from Kadayanallur said they met the health officials in person and submitted a petition on these facilities. \"We are indeed thankful to the officials who understood the crisis at last and announced the facilities. Due to the intense measures taken up by officials, there were no deaths in the last few days. Health officials have assured us that any death related to fever will not be taken lightly, which has put the medical officers here on high alert,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029350", "title": "20% bone mass loss in first 5 years of menopause", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"As woman age, estrogen levels decrease in the body and the risk of osteoporosis increases. Woman could lose up to 20% of their bone mass in five to seven years after menopause , making them more susceptible to osteoporosis,\" said Dr Harinder Batth, a senior consultant in department of Orthopaedics at a private hospital in Mohali, while speaking during a seminar on \"Osteoporosis among women\" on Sunday.According to the doctor, osteoporosis is a disease that often occurs with no detectable symptoms. An inactive lifestyle put women at a higher risk for developing osteoporosis. Women with slender build experience more bone loss than other women and a history of eating disorders increases the risk of osteoporosis. Women whose family history include osteoporosis have a higher risk of developing this condition, informed the doctor. Some medications such as diuretics, steroids, and anticonvulsants also increased the risk. Women who smoke or drink alcohol experience high incidence of osteoporosis.In order to avoid osteoporosis women should consumed 1,000mg of elemental calcium in their daily diet, but if a strong family history of osteoporosis is present or if osteoporosis has already been diagnosed, the total calcium intake should be 1,500mg in a day. A small daily supplement of vitamin D (400 IU) was also recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028001", "title": "Indian authors outsell foreign ones", "text": "RANCHI: \"Who has the patience to read philosophies by Ayn Ranc and Albert Campus after attending the exhaustive lectures? I prefer light reading, something that can be easily grasped and is connected with real life\", said Anisha, a student of graduation at Ranchi Women's College.Not just Anisha, most college goers, nowadays, prefer reading something they can connect to and costs less. Mudit, a student of St. Xavier's College said, \"I read books that come for Rs 100, authored by the young Indian writers. They are cheap and when I read those books I feel like I am reading my life story.\"The craze for reading contemporary Indian authors started after the popularity of Chetan Bhagat, says Manish, a book store owner. \"Chetan Bhagat brought about a revolution in the world of readers. Before 'One Night at the Call Centre' and 'Five Point Someone' people preferred foreign authors but after Bhagat's success, Indian authors are in demand,\" said Manish.Books with funny or witty titles always manage to attract reader's attentions. In a recent book fair youngsters were seen crowding around book stalls displaying books with titles like 'May I Hebb Your Attention Pliss', 'I Had a Crush on You Until You Said You Love Me' and 'Bombay Duck is a Fish'.Media manager of the book fair, Sushant Pandey said \"The books from Indian authors were in demand among college goers. I think students find it affordable to spend Rs 100 on a 'desi' book instead of spending more than Rs.300 on a book by a foreign author.\"However, schoolchildren have a different choice. Girls are more into reading foreign authors like Sophie Kinsella and Meg Cabot . Tripti, a student of Delhi Public School said, \"My all time favourite is 'Princess Diaries' but I also like 'The Twenties Girl' and 'Confessions of a Shopaholic'.\"Be it Indian authors or foreign, youngsters prefer light-hearted reads, fun novels. Nevertheless, not all belong to the same school of thought.\"The books these kids read are neither literature nor thriller, it is more like watching TV where you don't have to apply your brains. They will never be able to enjoy books by the authors like Jane Austen or Mario Puzo \", said Poonam Singh with a hint of pity in her voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027476", "title": "Major fire at Jahanpanah forest area", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fire destroyed a portion of the Jahanpanah forest on Sunday afternoon. The fire department said the blaze started from the western end of the forest.According to preliminary findings by both the police and the fire brigade, the fire was man-made. \"We suspect that someone had carelessly thrown a lighted cigarette butt on to the dry leaves. However, we cannot rule out a planned fire also,'' said a fire department officer. \" We pressed seven fire tenders and at around 5 pm the fire was brought under control,'' said an officer.Delhi fire service chief A K Sharma said, \"In summer, we get innumerable calls from the Jahanpanah forest area. There is too much intrusion and there are dry leaves lying all around in the forest. We are afraid we might have to deal with more such fires in the coming months.''The incident comes three days after TOI highlighted how south Delhi's green lung has become a major security concern for residents of nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026904", "title": "Mob assaults chain-snatcher", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old man was assaulted by locals while trying to flee after snatching the gold chain of a pedestrian outside Andheri station on Sunday morning.The incident took place around 6.30am. The complainant, Puspha Chaudhary (25), was walking on the main road leading to Jogeshwari after picking up medicines from an ayurvedic treatment centre outside the station when two men on a black bike accosted her. \"I was walking towards a bus depot when the duo suddenly appeared alongside me. Before I could realize what was happening, the pillion rider snatched my gold chain, worth Rs 75,000, and the biker revved up,\" Chaudhary said in her police complaint. \"In their mad rush to flee, the driver lost control of the bike and the vehicle skidded on the road.\"The pillion rider, identified as BKC-resident Dhiraj Kanojia, was trapped under the bike while his accomplice beat a hasty retreat. Within seconds, a mob gathered around Kanojia and began assaulting him. Beat marshals from the D N Nagar police station and personnel of the anti-chain-snatching squad reached the spot and rescued Kanojia.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone IX) Pratap Dighavkar has ordered DN Nagar senior inspector VD Bhoite, assistant inspector Manish Awale and team to grill Kanojia and find out the whereabouts of his accomplice.Kanojia told the investigators that he and his accomplice had planned to snatch chains between 6am and 7am. \"The accused knew there would be fewer police personnel in the locality during this period due to the change in shift of officials. Personnel sign in for duty while those on the night shift sign off,\" said Awale.He said Kanojia could have easily escaped if the bike he was travelling had not slipped.\"In the last 10 days, over 15 cases of chain snatchings were reported in Andheri and Bandra. In all the cases, the accused has used a black bike. Kanojia and his accomplice had stolen a bike from BKC to carry out the crime,\" said Awale. It is found that the snatchers use stolen bikes and abandon the vehicle after it runs short of fuel,\" he said.Investigations are on to know the number of snatchings Kanojia and his accomplice have committed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032683", "title": "Emraan gorges on pasta", "text": "Serial kisser Emraan Hashmi has undergone a complete makeover in Dibakar Banerjee's Shanghai .Emraan, who will be seen as a porn filmmaker, plays a small town, street smart character in the upcoming thriller. Emraan said he had gained some weight in order to match the role.During the shoot of the movie, the actor was spotted with a small paunch and buck tooth as well which is seen in the song Bharatmata Ki Jai currently on air. The song has become quite a rage.\"\"I gained nine to 10 kilos and had to start changing my diet and eat only fast food and pasta on the set,\"\"  reveals Emraan..  \"\"There were a lot of look tests after the character sketch was given. Besides putting on weight, I had to go two shades darker. In the morning, we used to prepare for this, before the shoot,\"\" says Emraan. Emraan continues, \"\"I had to even work on my teeth. I dont know how many actors would want to look grotesque on screen. When Dibankar told me, he thought I would say no, but I didn't. I think its a great opportunity.\"\"Says Dibakar, \"\"Emraan's character in Shanghai is always on the lookout to make money and once in a while he does sidey night shoots. If he sees a girl, he will sweet talk her into getting a photo shoot done. Actually, he is a very lovable character with tremendous depth.\"\" Shanghai - a political thriller that releases on June 8, also features Abhay Deol and Kalki Koechlin.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13028009", "title": "Teesta water-sharing pact may be on agenda at Hillary-Mamata meeting", "text": "KOLKATA: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton touched down in Kolkata on Sunday afternoon with a large entourage of officials and security personnel.All eyes would be fixed on Hillary's meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday where the two leaders are likely to discuss, among other things, the Teesta water-sharing agreement.Fresh from her Bangladesh trip, the former US first lady may discuss the contentious issue when she meets West Bengal chief minister.Hillary is on a two-day trip to Kolkata. It is being said that the meeting will be closely watched in Delhi, Dhaka and Washington because the far-reaching ramifications.The key issue is going to be the Teesta water-sharing - from which not only Bangladesh, but even Mamata may gain politically because of the way in which it is likely to influence the relations between Delhi and Dhaka.The Centre is looking forward to a quick decision by the chief minister on the Teesta water-sharing pact, especially because it will pave the way for talks on many more important issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031678", "title": "Mohan Ayroor bags Best Actor Award", "text": "Mini-screen actor Mohan Ayroor, who has essayed prominent roles in movies, has bagged the best actor award at the Adoor Bhasi Television Award 2012.Mohan has received the award for his performance in the television soap ' Vishwasthan' . He has also done important roles in Malayalam movies like Siddique's ' Chronic Bachelor' , Sanjeev Raj's ' Five Fingers' and Kiran's ' Kudumbasree Travels' .He has also bagged various awards for theatre performances, nationally and internationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13027688", "title": "When full moon became supermoon!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Sunday, many Amdavadis spent their late evenings marveling at that something spectacular about the moon which appeared bigger and brighter as compared to other days. Dubbed as the supermoon, earth's satellite on Sunday was 14% closer to the planet and 30% brighter than when at its furthest point.Sunday was a big day in the lunar calendar, with the full moon coming at its closest point to earth than at any other time of the year.Senior scientist at Science City Dr Narottam Sahoo said that the average distance of moon from the earth is 4,06,000 km which on Sunday was reduced to 3,50,000 km. \"The moon was visible 50,000 km closer from the earth which made it look bigger and brighter\", said Dr Sahoo.Scientists said that the moon's orbit is not fully circular but more like an egg's outline. The ellipse of lunar orbit is constantly changing because it is being tugged on by the earth and the sun. During its orbit on Sunday, the moon reached its closest point to the earth, called perigee, which is 3.56 lakh km from the earth. In two weeks it will be at its farthest point from the planet.Hundreds of people enjoyed having a closer look at the supermoon at the Science City on Sunday where a special telescope was arranged for visitors. Guides and student volunteers were also deputed to make the people and children aware about the supermoon phenomenon.\"On Sunday evening, 3,000 odd visitors in Science City were made aware of the supermoon. The astronomically-inclined made a beeline for the telescope to see the bigger and brighter moon from close quarters\", said Sahoo.Sky watchers also camped on the terraces gazing at the moon which made the weekend evening special for the romantically-inclined as well!Scientists said that a supermoon happens every 14 months, when the full moon cycle coincides with the orbit's proximity to the planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027718", "title": "Hillary likely to ask India to plug oil flow from Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may be an informal swing through India but US secretary of state Hillary Clinton will not hesitate to raise uncomfortable issues when she meets the Indian leadership over the next couple of days.Cutting oil imports from Iran will be high on the agenda. Officials said Indian oil companies have substantially cut Iranian oil imports so that Tehran , which used to supply about 12% of India's oil imports less than two years ago, accounts for just over 9%. The gap has been made up by increased oil imports from Saudi Arabia , while Iraq and UAE have also increased oil supplies.The new figures will be made available to Clinton, although Indian officials said they would not ask for an exemption even if India qualifies for one. Reports said last month that Indian oil companies Mangalore Refineries and Essar had been asked to cut imports from Iran.The biggest obstacle for India vis-a-vis oil imports from Iran has been the fact that it cannot pay for the oil. Even though India and Iran have designated about 45% of the import bill to be used by Iran to buy Indian products, this has not made much headway. After a trade delegation from India visited Iran in February, an Iranian delegation is expected to be in India this week, coinciding with the Clinton visit.Clinton is likely to send Carlos Pasqual, in charge of global energy issues, to India later this month to follow up on her visit. India and the US are scheduled to hold their strategic dialogue in Washington in June, to be attended by foreign minister S M Krishna.Having India reduce oil imports from Iran is an important political signal that the Obama administration is looking for. India is one of the largest oil importers from Iran besides being a close strategic partner of the US. Nevertheless, Indian refusal to be overtly on the same side as the US on Iran is playing very badly in Washington, particularly in the US Congress. The new line in the US is that the US-India relationship is \"oversold\" or \"overhyped\" because India is not playing ball on Iran.That Clinton may not mince her words in India is a prospect that is making people uncomfortable. Clinton has been the only person deeply invested in the India relationship, and sources said there is apparently a deep sense of disappointment that the India relationship has not evolved under her watch. In the past year, the policy paralysis in India has been a dampener for many bilateral relations, not just the US. American business has flagged India's tax rules and delays in FDI in retail as some of the difficultiesHowever, on the positive side, the US and India are on the same page on the regional situation. Afghanistan is expected to feature heavily in the bilateral discussions. India will signal its approval of the US-Afghan strategic partnership signed by Obama in Kabul last week. Despite many hitches, India and US have been collaborating on Afghanistan quite closely, making it one of the big success stories of the bilateral relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13028134", "title": "Panel against charging toll on less than four-lane highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should people pay toll when they pay fuel cess on every litre of petrol/diesel? Raising this issue, a prime minister-appointed committee has favoured \"no tolling\" on roads that are less than four lanes.The National Transport Development Committee made this suggestion in an interim report to the government even as there are plans to bring two-and-half lane highways under the toll network. These stretches are likely to be tolled under a contract termed as \"operation maintenance and transfer\" (OMT) where the contractor will charge toll for a certain period and maintain the road.The panel's interim report has called for \"greater clarity on the rationale for imposing tolls in addition to the fuel cess\" that is paid by all vehicle users. Rs 2 levied on every litre of petrol or diesel goes to the central pool as road cess. In 2011-12, the cess accounted for Rs 12,000 crore.Questions, however, are being raised behind the rationale of charging user fee when people are made to pay road cess and various other taxes. But the government has been attributing the additional burden to its budgetary constraints for road development across the country.The committee recommended that the fuel cess policy, which was last revised in 2005-06, be reviewed since the prices of both petrol and diesel had risen exponentially since then.It suggested that the fuel cess should be doubled for the 12th plan period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028494", "title": "Entry point to Patna Junction closed", "text": "PATNA: The Railways, on Saturday night, closed an entry point located between the Milk market (Doodh bazaar) and the circulating area of Patna Junction. The closed entry point was also a passage to Madni Musafirkhana from the railway circulating area-end.According to Danapur DRM L M Jha, the railways took this step from security point of view. \"There were reports that criminal elements were frequently using this entry point during night,\" he said, adding there was no valid permission to open the gate from the railway circulating area-end. He said people could use the main road to visit or leave the 'musafirkhana'. \"If there is any valid permission for the entry point, the people concerned must show it to the railways,\" he said.Meanwhile, reacting sharply to the move, a member of the Musafirkhana welfare society, Anwarul Huda, said that the narrow passage was given to the society by the railways long back, and its closure would cause difficulty to the people visiting the place during night. He said railways should reconsider its decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027314", "title": "CBSE to offer course on fitness this session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) is going to introduce a vocational course on 'Fitness and Gym Operation' from the 2012-13 session. The course is designed to hone skills required for a career in sports. A pilot run of the course will be carried out in 50 select schools from Class XI onwards this year.The course will have five units in theory carrying 60 marks, while the practical component will have three units carrying 40 marks. In the Class XI course, students will get to learn about various aspects of health, fitness, physiology of exercise and training, structure of a health-related fitness programme, and diet and nutrition. Students who opt for the subject will have to undergo 15 days of in-house internship in the institution/gym designated by the Board. Training for Class XI students will be held during the summer break before the new session begins. Either the school or the students will have to bear the cost of the internship.The practical component in Class XI includes training in a gym, procurement, placement and handling of gym equipment, body composition analysis, CPR and cryotherapy, fitness testing, and different exercises such as weight training and cardio training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13029027", "title": "Baby \u2018sold off\u2019 by uncle for Rs 50K, rescued", "text": "HOWRAH: A two-month-old baby boy was allegedly sold off by his uncle for 50,000 on Friday . Police rescued the baby from Kolkata on Sunday evening and handed him over to his parents. While the baby's uncle has gone missing, a woman, who was found with the baby, has been detained.The baby is the son of Bally-based trader Arjun Shah and Gayatri. On Friday evening, Arjun's brother Deepak, a hawker, told Gayatri that he was taking the baby out for some time. But when Deepak returned to their Kumilla Para home after a few hours, the baby was nowhere to be found.When the family questioned Deepak, he claimed that the baby had gone missing. But he couldn't explain how he lost the baby. Arjun and Gayatri then lodged a complaint at Bally police station.Deepak went missing after the complaint. Police initiated a probe immediately and some clues led them to a house on Ratan Sarkar Garden Road in Kolkata on Sunday evening.Police found the baby with the woman and handed it over to his parents.\"We are trying to gather more information on how the baby reached there and who all were behind the crime. We are interrogating the woman. Hopefully by Monday, we will be in a position to come out with more definite information,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13029086", "title": "A bra that warns of heart attack", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ladies, imagine sporting a bra which can tell your doctor if you're having a heart attack - and where to send the ambulance . Well, it's now a reality, all thanks to an Indian-origin researcher-led team in the US.Vijay Varadan and colleagues at University of Arkansas have designed such an \"e-bra\" which is meant for sick women and atheletes . The bra has integrated sensors that measures vital health signals and uploads the information to a wireless network such as Bluetooth or Wi-Fi , which the patient and their doctor can then access , the 'Daily Mail' reported.Varadan said: \"Our e-bra enables continuous, real- time monitoring to identify any pathophysiological changes. It is a platform on which various sensors for cardiac-health monitoring are integrated into the fabric. The garment collects and transmits vital health signals to any desired location in the world.\"The system monitors blood pressure, body temperature, respiratory rate, oxygen consumption and some neural activity. It takes the same readings as conventional electrocardiograph (ECG), and so can even tell if a patient is having a heart attack, the researchers say. The system doesn't require a cuff or any extra accessories to measure blood pressure and could therefore replace conventional blood-pressure monitors. The sensors are smaller than a dime and are made of arrays of gold nano-electrodes fabricated on to a flexible base, they are woven in to the bra material , according to the researchers.They communicate with system software via a wireless module that snaps on to the bra. This collects and compresses the information before sending it over a network to a secure database. The data can be viewed on separate windows for each measurement. It includes GPS that can track the patient anywhere in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13033308", "title": "iGate drops Patni brand name", "text": "BANGALORE: A year after it completed the acquisition of Patni Computer, iGate Corporation on Monday announced new identity, dropping Patni from its brand name.The new brand identity of the subsidiary of the US-based consulting, technology and BPO firm will be now just iGate, the company said.In January last year, iGate-led consortium had bought nearly 63 per cent stake in India's sixth largest IT firm Patni Computer Ltd for about $921 million (Rs 4,188 crore).The completion of the acquisition was announced on May 12, 2011 and company was called 'iGate Patni'.Unveiling the new brand, iGate CEO Phaneesh Murthy said, \"I have always articulated that Patni, being a family name, is difficult to protect in several of our markets. This brand change is in line with our vision of 'one company' that will follow the successful delisting offer process of Patni with the Indian stock exchanges.\"He said in the statement, \"With a revenue run rate of over a billion dollars and over 27,000 employees, the new iGate symbolises a young and vibrant brand representing the merits of a fully integrated entity.Murthy said that the company, equipped with an innovative mindset of a game-changer, will engage with global customers to deliver high-impact outcomes through our proprietary iTOPS framework.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028042", "title": "Learning with the Times: UP MLAs hold sway in presidential polls", "text": "Who elects the president?The president is elected by an electoral college consisting of the elected members of both houses of Parliament and of the state legislative assemblies. Apart from the states, the MLAs of the NCT of Delhi and Puducherry are also part of this electoral college. Nominated members of either house are not eligible to vote.Do all states have similar value for their votes?The Constitution has specified that there shall be uniformity in the voting. To assure uniformity and parity among states and between the states and the Union, a population-based formula is used. The 84th Constitution Amendment Act, 2001 states that until the relevant figures for the first census after 2026 are published, the population of states for calculating the value of votes in presidential elections shall be the population figures of the 1971 Census. The value of votes of the MLAs of a particular state is calculated by dividing its 1971 population by the number of elected seats in the state assembly and then by thousand. The number thus obtained is rounded off to the nearest whole number.For instance, the value of a Delhi MLA's vote is 58 which is calculated on the basis of the NCT's 40.7 lakh population in 1971 and 70 seats in the legislative assembly. In a similar way, the value of the vote of a UP MLA is 208, the highest in the country, while it is 7 for Sikkim MLAs, the country's lowest.How is the value of an MP's vote calculated?The total value of the votes of all MLAs from all the states is added and is divided by the number of elected members in the Lok Sabha (543) and the Rajya Sabha (233) put together. By this method, the value of the votes of each MP is 708. In the 2007 presidential polls, the total value of the votes of 776 MPs was 5,49,408, while for the 4,120 MLAs it was 5,49,474. One can see that the Constitution guarantees that neither the Union nor the states will have an advantage when it comes to the presidential polls. This is done because apart from being the ceremonial head of the country, the President is responsible for appointing the Prime Minister. In a situation when no party or coalition gets a clear majority, it is the President who exercises his/her discretion and this can be crucial.How is the voting done?The election is by the system of proportional representation. The ballot paper does not have any party symbol. It instead has two columns - the first contains the name of the candidate and the second is where the elector has to write his/her preference. The number '1' means first preference and so on. In the first round of counting, a candidate has to get more than half of the total first preference votes polled. In a situation in which no candidate gets this quota, the returning officer excludes the candidate with the lowest first preference votes and distributes his votes among the remaining candidates on the basis of second preference. The process continues until the quota is reached.Who is eligible to contest?A person who is an Indian citizen, is above 35 years of age and is qualified for election as a member of the Lok Sabha can contest presidential elections. Apart from this, candidates should not be holding any office of profit under the Union or state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13028395", "title": "Define consultation process, state to ask SC", "text": "MANGALORE: Stung by setbacks in the appointment of Lokayukta and Upa Lokayukta because of what the state government says is due to the consultation process, the Karnataka state government has decided to move the apex court seeking it to clearly define the same. \"The draft of the appeal to be submitted to the Supreme Court is ready and will be submitted to the apex court shortly,\" chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said here on Sunday interacting with reporters on his arrival at Bajpe airport.Saying that he was really \"tired\" of taking queries on the appointment of the anti-corruption ombudsmen for Karnataka, the CM said, \"It is time that SC clarifies the exact meaning of the consultation process as per Section 3 of the Lokayukta Act, 1984.\" The HC had last month set aside the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah, former high court judge, as Upa Lokayukta.Asserting that he has adhered to the procedures and precedents followed from the time of former CM Ramakrishna Hegde's , the CM said a final word from SC will settle the issue. HC Chief JusticeVikramjit Sen had earlier sought cancellation of Upa Lokayukta's appointment as it was made without consulting him. The Lokayukta act says the Lokayukta and Upa Lokayukta are appointed by the governor on the advice of the CM, who has to select the name in consultation with the Chief Justice, presiding officers of the assembly and council, and leaders of the opposition in the two houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027298", "title": "Lack of teachers could be the undoing of RTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than a year left for the complete implementation of Right to Education (RTE), the shortage of teachers could prove to be the difference between success and failure.Recent analysis by the human resource development (HRD) ministry shows that there are 5.23 lakh vacancies of school teachers at the elementary level and there would be an additional requirement of around 5.1 lakh teachers to fulfill the provisions of pupil-teacher ratio. Even more worrying is the fact that around 7.74 lakh teachers are untrained or ill-qualified for the job.Seized with the problem of providing inclusive quality education, India will chair the International Task Force on 'Teachers for Education for All' - to be held for the first time in India - followed by a two-day conference on 'Teachers for Education for All' and the E9 meeting at the end of the month.The E-9 Initiative, a consortium of the nine most under-developed countries, was put in place in 1993. 'E' stands for education and '9' for those nine countries which are home to over half the world's population as well as to almost half the world's out of school children and two-thirds of the world's illiterates. These are Bangladesh , Brazil, China, Egypt , India, Indonesia , Mexico, Nigeria and Pakistan .The countries are expected to address the issue of inclusive relevant quality education, pre-service and continuous professional development programmes, integrating excluded groups within the teacher force and pedagogical considerations for the effective delivery of inclusive quality education.A senior HRD official said there was increasing concern over an \"inclusive\" perspective being made a compulsory part of the preparation and continuous professional development of all present and future teachers as well as an integral part of teacher training curricula.Fundamental knowledge and skills of inclusive education, such as understanding needs and abilities of different student audiences -- ethic minority groups, children with special needs, persons suffering from HIV and AIDS, and pedagogic skills should be provided widely to teachers, the official said.The conference, expected to be held later this month, will bring together members of the central and state governments as well as a wide range of stakeholders from non-government and civil society organizations to deliberate over issues including continuing professional development for teachers in India, decentralization, challenges and steps forward, feminization of the teacher force, public-private partnerships to address the teacher gap and monitoring and evaluation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032440", "title": "Siddharth signs film with Dhayanidhi Alagiri and Vetrimaran", "text": "Siddharth has been swamped with offers after the success of Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi, but he's being choosy, we hear. The actor, who is currently busy with the Hindi remake of Kadhalil..., has finally signed a new Tamil film.This as-yet-untitled film will be directed by Manikandan, a former associate of Vetrimaran. It will be produced jointly by Dhayanidhi Alagiri and Vetrimaran as a tie-up between their companies Meeka Entertainment and Grass Root Film Company. Dhayanidhi already runs a production company called Cloud Nine Movies, but he has founded a new one called Meeka Entertainment. It's supposed to have a much wider scope than Cloud Nine.Dhayanidhi posted on his blog: \"Very excited about this new venture of mine Meeka Entertainment. It's perspective is going to be much broader in terms of entertainment, media and communications.\"The female lead is yet to be finalised, but we'll let you know as soon as anybody is confirmed.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032297", "title": "Mani Ratnam blesses \u2018Kochadaiyaan\u2019 director\u2019s daughter on wedding", "text": "K S Ravikumar, who's in the midst of wrapping up Kochadaiyaan, celebrated his daughter Janani's wedding on May 3. She married Chennai-based industrialist Satish Kumar at a traditional function.As per Tamil customs, the wedding rituals took place early in the morning at Mayor Ramanathan Chettiar Hall. Tamil film industry's bigwigs attended the wedding - Rajinikanth blessed the couple as did Sivakumar and Nasser. Suhasini and Mani Ratnam were also present. Simran, who attended with her husband, excited the shutterbugs. Other Kollywood veterans who attended the function were KR Vijaya, LR Iswari, Prabhu and Vijayakumar with wife Manjula.In the evening there was a lavish reception at the same venue. The bride chose a pastel green saree with silver embellishments for the occasion. Traditional sarees were very much the dress code of the guests too. Suriya and Karthi were spotted in a joyful mood as they laughed, joked and posed for the cameras. Devayani and Vishaal too attended the reception to wish the newlyweds.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13029257", "title": "Municipal Corporation forms 25 new park management panels, not 100", "text": "LUDHIANA: For turning barren places into green parks in many areas of the city, the municipal corporation has formed 25 more park management committees (PMCs). Though MC wanted to form 100 such panels, only a quarter could be constituted, with many residents unwilling to take over its responsibilities.In the past few months, the number of parks being maintained by PMCs has increased from 350 to 496. Ludhiana has 750 parks. The MC officials were asked to enrol more such committees for developing around 100 abandoned parks in areas including BRS Nagar, Model Town, Chandigarh Road, Dugri and Focal Point. The panels have been formed in E and J block of BRS Nagar, Lajpat Nagar, Dugri Urban Estate, Phase I and II, and Focal Point. MC executive engineer of horticulture wing Surinder Kumar said, \"The number of public parks is quite high and we cannot handle all of them simultaneously. And so, we form PMCs. Though we wanted to constitute 100 such panels, we could form only 25. We have prepared a proposal that will be presented in the next general house meeting, following which the committees will start their work.''Meanwhile, residents have welcomed the decision. \"It will be nice if abandoned parks turn green and beautiful. We will get a place where we can spend some leisure time,'' said Tarvinder Singh, a businessman and resident of J block, BRS Nagar.A homemaker and resident of Dugri, Mamta Gupta, said, \"If MC cannot handle the parks, then it is a good move to hand over their responsibility to the area residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13028369", "title": "Gogte places 650 students in 2011-12", "text": "HUBLI: Training and placement cell of the Gogte Institute of Technology (GIT-Belgaum) has made a remarkable achievement in placing 650 students on different jobs during campus interviews conducted by various corporate companies in the year 2011-12.As many as 150 students were recruited by the Tata Consultancy Services , while 119 by the Wipro Technologies.Other companies that recruited students in more number are: Mind Tree Limited- 89, Armed Forces-39, Mahindra Satyam-39, Wagner Trident Precision Component Private Limited-32, JK Cement Works-24, Robort Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Limited- 18, Tech Mahindra-15, Siemens Information Systems Limited-15, SLK Software Services Private Limited-14 and Fairfield Atlas Limited-10.Principal A S Deshpande said that the institution has a vibrant Industry Institute Interaction Cell and a full-fledged training and placement cell, where mock interviews, training programmes and group discussions will be conducted on regular basis for the benefit of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033941", "title": "Prince-Naditha to star together again", "text": "Newcomers Prince and Nanditha who starred in director Teja's movie, Neeku Naaku Dash Dash, are all set to do an encore, this time for a movie directed by Maruthi Dasari, who made Ee Rojullo. Director Maruthi confirmed the news saying, \"I am happy to share that we have signed up Prince and Nanditha for my next film. We will be launching the movie officially on May 10th where we will announce more details about the film,\" says Maruthi. The movie is touted to be another romantic-comedy on the lines of Ee Rojullo. Bellam Konda Suresh is producing the movie. Buzz is that the filmmakers are considering the title 'Maa Colony Bus Stop' for the movie. The filmmakers are set to announce the details of the rest of the cast and crew details soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026973", "title": "Navi Mumbai-city rail link cut off for 5 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Navi Mumbai's rail links with the city were cut off for five hours from 11am, inconveniencing thousands of harbour line commuters, due to a mega-block on Sunday. Passengers from Belapur and Panvel had to change trains from Vashi to go to Thane, before switching over to another train on the main line to Dadar/CST.A CR spokesperson said up and down harbour lines between Kurla and Mankhurd were blocked, disconnecting the Navi Mumbai-Mumbai link. Commuters complained that autos and taxis were inadequate and many refused to ply from Vashi to Kurla, Sion or Ghatkopar. CR also had a mega-block on the down fast mainline between Matunga and Mulund, leading to many cancellations and delays.\"It is very uncomfortable travelling in packed buses on a humid summer afternoon,\" said a Nerul resident. Abhijeet Tamhane, a resident of Vashi, said that he had cancelled plans to travel to a friend's lunch party in western suburbs as the train services upto Kurla were suspended for five hours.The Down Harbour line services to Panvel / Belapur / Vashi leaving Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus from 10.23 am to 3.37 pm and Up Harbour line services towards CST leaving Panvel / Belapur / Vashi from 10.20 am to 3.27 pm were suspended. However special trains ran on CST- Kurla and Mankhurd - Panvel Harbour line sections during the block period.Harbour line passengers were permitted to travel via Main line and Thane from 10 am to 6 pm.The CR also operated a megablock on its suburban sections for carrying out maintenance work on the Down fast line between Matunga and Mulund from 11 am to 4 pm.All Down fast services leaving CST from 10.28 am to 3.25 pm were diverted on Down slow line between Matunga and Mulund stations and halted at all stations between Matunga and Mulund. Fast services beyond Thane were rediverted on Dn fast line at Mulund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027166", "title": "Quiz on Ray gets fans thinking", "text": "KOLKATA: One would believe there is hardly anything left to unravel about Satyajit Ray . But the assumption proved wrong on Sunday when Ray aficionados, actors cast in his films and students and Ray fans were stumped time and again at a quiz on the multi-faceted personality.Ever since his debut film 'Pather Panchali' hit the screens in 1955, Ray has been a phenomenon. Twenty years since the legendary director breathed his last in 1992, cine buffs in the city continue to view and analyze his works to understand his enigmatic personality. Sunday's event was one such instance.The 10th Ray Quiz was conceived and organized by Ekhon Satyajit editor Somnath Ray in association with Nandan. Interestingly, Somnath Roy is a senior officer with the Eastern Railways.The quiz, which had both audio and video rounds, had some very interesting questions, reflecting the research that went into framing them.In one of the questions, three different scenes were shown from the film Kapurush. Participants had to guess the sequence in which they appeared in the film. In another, three audio clips were played followed by a silent video clip. Viewers had to identify which audio clip matched the silent video clip.Right from guessing the actors in Ray's films to identifying the fonts used in the film posters, questions at the quiz spoke of variety. In a particular round, a photograph of three actresses was shown. The question for the audience was - identify the actress who did not star in any of Ray's films but was closely linked to each of them. While the participants were trying hard to guess the answer, the answer itself was simple - Bijaya Ray.In another question, the audience was shown three different fonts of the Bengali lette 'Ka'. What one had to guess was in which film poster that font was used.Such was the range of questions that even Ray enthusiasts and veterans failed to answer them.The quiz was preceded by a seminar on 'Female Characters in Ray's Films'. The panel comprised filmmaker Sandip Ray, actress Madhabi Mukherjee, actor Barun Chanda, thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, film critic Soma A Chatterjee and film journalist Shiladitya Sen.Be it Charu in Charulata or Arati of Mahanagar, women in Satyajit Ray's films defy stereotyping. Though she strains under pressure, but break she does not. Ray beautifully portrayed the marginalisation of women on screen. As Shiladitya said, \"There was eloquence in their silence.\"Madhabi Mukherjee, Ray's leading lady in films like Charulata and Mahanagar, was felicitated at the event. With an overwhelming response from veterans, Ray fans and college students alike, the event proved to be a grand success.Conceived and organized by Ekhon Satyajit editor Somnath Ray in association with Nandan, the 10th Ray Quiz threw up many a surprise. Some questions had even Sandip Ray, thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, cinematographer Soumendu Ray and actors Barun Chandra and Shiladitya Sen groping for answers. Madhabi Mukherjee , who was Ray's leading lady in 'Charulata' and 'Mahanagar' was felicitated at the event.A clip from Mahangar was shown and participants were asked to identify the lettering featuring an advertisement showing a clipping of the film, 'Mahanagar' in the final round that had the audience engage in discussion.Some questions had even Sandip Ray, thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, cinematographer Soumendu Ray and actors Barun Chanda and Shiladitya Sen groping for answers. Madhabi Mukherjee , who was Ray's leading lady in 'Charulata' and 'Mahanagar' was felicitated at the event.A clip from Mahangar was shown and participants were asked to identify the lettering featuring an advertisement showing a clipping of the film, 'Mahanagar' in the final round that had the audience engage in discussion.Another question that triggered animated discussions was to identify the movies using different fonts used in Ray's film posters.The organizers of the event saw an over whelming response from college students and Ray fans.The quiz was preceded by a seminar on 'Female characters in Ray's Films'. The panel included actress Madhabi Mukherjee, actor Barun Chandra, thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, film critic Soma A Chatterjee, film journalist Shiladitya Sen.Be it Charu in Charulata or Arati of Mahanagar. Women in Satyajit Ray's films defy stereotyping. Though she strains under pressure, but break she does not. Ray beautifully portrayed the marginalisation of women on screen. As shiladitya said \"There was eloquence in their silence\".Conceived and organized by Ekhon Satyajit editor Somnath Ray in association with Nandan, the 10th Ray Quiz threw up many a surprise. Some questions had even Sandip Ray, thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, cinematographer Soumendu Ray and actors Barun Chandra and Shiladitya Sen groping for answers. Madhabi Mukherjee , who was Ray's leading lady in 'Charulata' and 'Mahanagar' was felicitated at the event.A clip from Mahangar was shown and participants were asked to identify the lettering featuring an advertisement showing a clipping of the film, 'Mahanagar' in the final round that had the audience engage in discussion.Another question that triggered animated discussions was to identify the movies using different fonts used in Ray's film posters.The organizers of the event saw an over whelming response from college students and Ray fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13028053", "title": "BJP, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik at loggerheads over Manipal hospital credit", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The proposal of setting up Manipal Medical College and Hospital (MMCH) in the city is taking a political turn with the ruling BJP and opposition Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) trying hard to score political points over the issue.Barely a week after chief minister Arjun Munda announced the progress of the upcoming MMCH, Jamshedpur MP Ajay Kumar , without wasting an opportunity, promptly asked the state government to bring a private university bill for swift opening of the proposed medical college and hospital.\"The people here are aware of the effort we have put in to convince and persuade Manipal University to open the college and hospital here. Let the government take the credit for it I have no grouse against it for that,\" said Kumar on Sunday.Nevertheless, he was quick enough to add that if the CM was so sincere about opening the private medical institution, he should first get the private university bill passed in the assembly. \"The bill will surely expedite the process of opening the MMCH,\" said Kumar, adding that the other way to ensure swift progress was to seek campus approval from the Union ministry of human resources and development.The MP said he had to toil hard to persuade the Medical Council of India (MCI) to make a few changes in the MCI guidelines to pave way for a smooth starting of the project in the steel city.\"After a bit of hard work, the MCI agreed to our plea and reduced the required distance between the academic college and hospital to 8 km from the currently stipulated distance of 11km,\" said the MP.He said the MCI agreed to tweak the guidelines considering the fact that Jharkhand is a Maoist-hit tribal state that requires special attention for rapid development.The Manipal University, Mangalore, has proposed to set up a super-speciality 4,000-bed hospital and college in the city with an investment of over Rs 900crore. \"The college will come up on eight acres behind Mercy Hospital in Baridih,\" said an aide of the MP.The site for construction of the proposed hospital has not been identified yet. \"A delegation of Manipal University will meet the CM soon for final round of negotiations,\" said a state health department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029221", "title": "Times Education Boutique 2012", "text": "Vishveshwarya Group Of Institution (VGI) is one of the emerging and premier groups, redefining academic excellence by creating the pathway for future. VGI (approved by AICTE, affiliated to UPTU, Lucknow and accredited by NBA) was founded in 1999 by Shri Nath ji trust with the mission of imparting quality education to the students in the academic fields of engineering, management , computer application and pharmacy. Spread over 65 acres campus in Ghaziabad, this group has successfully completed 12 years in the field of education. Headed by Mr. Sunil Jindal, VGI has changed the landscpae of education in NCR. Under his guidance, the company has grown multi-fold . The uniqueness of the institute is that it has one of the largest libraries with 35,000 titles and 10,000 volumes. With 2500 strong faculty and teachers , VGI are passionate about grooming leaders who are not only thorough professionals but also good human beings with values.The visiting faculty from IIMs &amp; IITs share rich industry experience, expertise &amp; knowledge.Vishveshwarya group offers gamut of courses in varied disciplines such as PGDM, MBA, M.C.A , B Pharma and B Tech &amp; M.Tech with specialization in Electronics and telecommunication, Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical &amp; Electronics and Mechanical Engineering, courses. Vishveshwarya school of business ( VSB ) is the name that has been delivering talented minds to corporate Industries over a decade and has an extensive network of corporate built across our glorious existence of 12 years in education industry.The success of our alumni in corporate, past placement records enable us to show our confidence in applicant's future by offering suitable candidates A guaranteed placement on legal stamp. Post Graduate Program in Leadership and Employability (PGPLE) is our flagship program Launched with a mission to bridge industryacademia GAP and provide job ready employable talented minds to corporate. This program is offered along with UGC recognized MBA and AICTE recognized PDGM program. Program designed by IIMs and corporate experts is at par with IIM's . Teaching pedagogy is application based followed rigorously 12 hrs a day &amp; 5 days a week wherein life skills, employability skills and upgraded domain knowledge is delivered to give an extra edge to applicants' competency.Final degree offered to candidate is of repute, making student eligible to apply in PSU sectors or pursue Phd Programs in future if desired. Array of specialization offered is in Finance, Marketing , Entrepreneurship, Human Resource, International business, Information technology &amp; General Management. VSB is operating at two industries populated locations of India - Pune &amp; Noida ( Jindal Business School) to facilitate extensive corporate interaction leading to corporate networking under mentorship program.Satyam Fashion Institute", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13029004", "title": "'Ber' researcher releases another book", "text": "SBS NAGAR: A renowned researcher of 'ber' (Zizyphus), Jagtar Singh Bal is going through the printed copy of his new book on ber cultivation Mulching In Ber Orchards these days. Bal received the first print of his book, published by a German publisher, a few days ago.The SBS Nagar resident says the publishers would distribute his book around the globe, which would be helpful to students researching on ber.Bal has co-authored the book with Surjit Singh, a former student of his at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).A retired professor of horticulture from PAU, Bal said this is his fifth book on ber and the first one to be published by a foreign publisher.His earlier works have been a part of the syllabus in various agricultural institutes in the country. \"I have published many research papers as well on ber,'' he adds.Mulching In Ber Orchards involves his experiences with ber crops throughout his life, says Bal. He had started work on this book in 2006-07. The book covers cultivation of ber in arid regions.\"People are still unaware of the merits of ber. It has vitamin c , proteins and minerals like calcium, phosphorous and iron,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028964", "title": "Nose for news", "text": "Panasonic , working in the area of innovation and technology, has a range of CSR initiatives. Keeping in line with this, it recently introduced a three-month long CSR programme - Kid Witness News (KWN) - aimed at enhancing communication and creative skills of students by giving them an opportunity to work in teams through video production.Panasonic felicitated the winners of KWN 2011, recently, at its experience centre in Gurgaon, amongst over 40 participating students from five different schools of Delhi and NCR (Pathways School, Noida; Pathways School, Gurgaon; Lotus Valley International School, Gurgaon; Lotus Valley International School, Noida and St Marks Sr Sec School).Students between classes VI and X were required to research, write, act, produce and direct videos on topics that were relevant to students and their communities.Gadget training on cameras and equipment was conducted in five schools by a professional trainer.The activity that started in November 2011, continued till January this year. It had three phases that included school participation, video submission and selection. The 'Best Video of the year' was chosen on the basis of best demonstration of story development, creativity, clarity, technical strengths and overall presentation style. The jury panel, comprising professionals from the broadcasting/ film industry - Manish Sharma, MD, Consumer Product Division, Panasonic India; Yoshihiro Mike Kitadeya, director , Kid Witness News Global Office , Panasonic Corp and Naveen Chamoli, founding member, Planman Consulting Group - adjudged St Marks Senior Secondary Public School, Meera Bagh, New Delhi as the winner.The winning team included Saurav Sharma, Vishal Kalra, Madhur Handa , G Vignesh, Aditya Singh, Lakshay Arora, Aman Khatri and Tejasva Kalra.Speaking on the occasion, Daizo Ito, president, Panasonic India, said, \"KWN programme reflects Panasonic's corporate philosophy of contributing to society through promoting educational activities for young minds in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028983", "title": "Mahagenco blamed for inferior quality coal", "text": "NAGPUR: Amidst blame game going on between Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) and Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited (Mahagenco) over inferior quality of coal, the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity's (ATE) recent order has come as a major setback for the state power utility. The ATE has blamed the Mahagenco for using sub-standard quality of coal in its thermal power stations.Dismissing the Mahagenco's review petition as devoid of any merit, the ATE said, \"we do not accept that the quality of coal is totally beyond the control of Mahagenco. If the quality of raw coal supplied by the coal companies is poor, Mahagenco has to make arrangements for washing of coal and blending with superior quality of coal,\" the tribunal observed.In the judgment dated April 19, ATE's judicial member Justice PS Datta and technical member Rakesh Nath have also refused Mahagenco's demand for status quo on power generation performance parameters. \"We feel that the consumers cannot be burdened due to non-performance by Mahagenco. Thus, we do not find any reason to review our judgment,\" they said dismissing the petition.Actually, Mahagenco had filed petition with the ATE challenging the order of MERC. In the case, the MERC and consumers representatives including Vidarbha Industries Association were respondents. The ATE passed an order in the case. But Mahagenco was not satisfied and filed a review petition on two points- heat rate of the power stations for 2009-10 and fixed cost on the basis of plant availability factor.Mahagenco procures 404.40 lakh tonnes coal per year, of which 370.90 lakh tonnes comes from four coal companies. The quantity of coal procured from WCL is 227.01 lakh tonnes per year. Since long, Mahagenco is complaining about supply of inferior quality of coal from WCL. The poor quality of coal is resulting in reduction in power generation, environment pollution, high expenses etc., according to Mahagenco. WCL claims it was maintaining supply according to agreement. Even deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar intervened and held meetings with the Ministry of Coal and WCL. At last, the dispute went into judicial process with the Mahagenco filing a petition against the WCL.The ATE's order will place the Mahagenco in a fix as it is being held responsible for ensuring consumption of quality of coal by correcting problems. ATE has suggested washing of coal to improve its quality. Of total quantity of coal procured, Mahagenco used to get 70-80 lakh tonnes washed from private operators. Due to various problems, washing of coal has been stopped since May 2011. To ensure no more irregularities in washing of coal, the washery operators had demanded that Mahagenco declare the grade of coal at the coal stocks itself by conducting joint sampling. But no solution could emerge. Besides, WCL is carrying out setting up of its own washery at a slow pace. Thus, Mahagenco continues to use coal with high ash content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13028344", "title": "Applications invited for Basava Jayanti award", "text": "BIJAPUR: Applications are invited for the Basava Jyoti state-level and Basava Ratna national-level award instituted by Sri Basaveshwar Karmveer Kala Sahitya and Samskruti Vedike.Various fields like social service, education, literature, art and culture, theatre, dance, rural development, sports, medicine, veterinary science, agriculture research, science and technology, journalism, environment, industry and religion will be considered. Send resume with documents and three photographs to president, Sri Basaveshwar Karmeer Kala Sahitya Samskruti Vedike, Aheri, Bijapur. Contact 9008845750.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028069", "title": "'Follow Madhya Pradesh model for worker registration'", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the Bharatiya Janata Majdoor Mahasangh (BJMM) has called upon chief minister Arjun Munda to follow the Madhya Pradesh (MP) model for registration of labourers, considering its efficacy.National president of the association, Prahlad Patel was here on Sunday to sense people's nerves over a couple of issues adopted by the association during its massive congregation at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on December 9 last year.Patel, also a former Union minister, stressed that in a country where over 43.4 crore people work as labourers in the unorganized sector, the decision of the Union government to bring mere five sectors - beedi workers, construction workers, tea garden labourers, jute workers and certain contract labourers - under the ambit of the central act of 1996 was inadequate. \"The government has listed around 62 sectors under the unorganized sector and we want certain basic facilities to be extended to them too,\" he said.Patel has all the praises for the MP model. He said the MP government had authorized councillors in urban areas and sarpanch in rural areas to issue labour cards which made the process easy and less cumbersome.He urged the CM to issue labour cards after proper registration of the workers. \"Other state governments must follow this and ensure that once a labour card is issued to someone, it is treated as a BPL card and authorizes the holder for other welfare schemes of the government,\" Patel said.Citing an example of construction workers engaged in commonwealth games who were later denied of their EPF share collectively worth Rs 1,200 crore because of the delay in placing the claim, Patel said every labourer should be enrolled for the EPF scheme. He opined a number of welfare schemes to be introduced for the laboures, including pension scheme of Rs 1,500 per month, inclusion of ESI hospitals and issuance of EPF numbers in addition to Aadhar number.BJMM state president Bharat Yadav promised to take up the issues in future with Munda. Asked if the association had links with the Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh (BMS), Patel said the BMS was a wing of the RSS whereas BJMM was a political wing of the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028617", "title": "More kids to school soon with new education plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The revamp of the state's school education system has begun. As a first step towards a switchover to an eight-year education setup, the directorate of primary education has decided to open 27,000 new fifth-standard classrooms and about 2,000 new eighth-standard classrooms.The Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, envisages eight years of elementary education, comprising five primary and three upper primary levels. The state follows a seven-year elementary education system at present, with four primary and three upper primary levels. To implement the new act, class V will have to be integrated with the primary section and class VIII with the higher primary section.Since many schools are only till class IV or VII, upgrading them to class V and VIII will mean the addition of new classrooms. As per the act, it is mandatory for states to provide for at least one primary school every km, an upper primary school every three km and a secondary school every five km.To start with, the directorate of primary education has proposed the creation of the new level V and VIII classrooms in areas where there will be no overlap. A tougher decision, that of attaching some classrooms, including those belonging to private aided and unaided schools, will be taken at a later date, an official said. Over 60% of schools in the state are privately-run.The switchover will also require a revision of the subjects taught. Since elementary education would extend to class VIII, decompartmentalization of subjects like maths and science would be required, the official said. An official said the directorate's proposal of opening new classrooms has been sent to the government. Since it involves substantial finances, the view of the state cabinet will be sought, he said. To finance the initiative, the government is hoping for the Centre to continue its policy of providing 65% grants for primary and 75% grants for secondary education. All the provisions of the act have to be implemented by states by 2013-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031280", "title": "Cop-informer bond is special: Randeep Hooda", "text": "Randeep Hooda gets talking about his colourful vocabulary, the bromance with Emraan and the success of Jannat 2People have been talking only about you in Jannat 2. (Laughs) I had a gut feeling that I got it right. But you never know what reactions you will get. So yes, I am delighted with the response to Jannat 2. I have been working really hard. It was a great role and I am grateful to the Bhatts for having faith in me. An actor needs this kind of feeling every now and then to keep him interested. I am doing more films with the Bhatts now. And I hope this relationship continues.The bromance between you and Emraan Hashmi has become the talk of the town. It's a misconception that love can only foster between two people of opposite sex. Love is a bond. And it is prevalent between every cop and his/her informer. In fact, this bond is perhaps stronger than the one they share with their spouses. Also, initially the film was titled Informer. It was supposed to be a story about a police officer and his informer. But later it was changed to Jannat 2. Then it became sort of an Emraan Hashmi brand. That is why the chemistry between us has taken the audience by surprise.You abuse a lot in the film. Were you comfortable doing it? More than comfortable. I am from Haryana and a colourful vocabulary is a part of your day-to-day lingo there. So, it was a no-brainer for me. In fact, I mouthed the expletives with relish. I don't think they sounded vulgar though. And why make a big issue of that? Most youngsters today speak just like that.So now that your professional life is going great, when are you planning to tie the knot with your girlfriend Neetu Chandra? I am not thinking about that right now. I am in no rush. Celebs says we have no time for love, but I wouldn't say that. And yes, family is the foundation of life. But I am too much into work these days - Jism 2, Heroine, John Dey, Shooter and Rensil D'silva's untitled next. (pauses) I enjoyed my horse riding stints. But nowadays, even my favourite horses are in quarantine. So I can't ride them. So, as I said, I am a lot more into work these days.Are you in touch with your ex Sushmita Sen ? And Ram Gopal Verma whom you had a fallout with? No. I am not in touch with either of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028672", "title": "Lokayukta Bill reaches President Pratibha Patil's office", "text": "PANAJI: Goa could have a Lokayukta in the next few weeks. After months of waiting, the Lokayukta Bill passed in October 2011 by the Goa legislative assembly, has reached President Pratibha Patil's office for her consent. Once the president signs the bill, the state government can initiate the process to appoint a Lokayukta in the state. Returning from Delhi, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The file has reached the president's office, she (President Pratibha Patil ) has gone aboard. She will be back on May 8 and then we will follow it up.\"The bill had earlier been cleared by the Union ministries of personnel and training, law and judiciary and home.Parrikar, in his budget speech in March, had stated that once the bill received the president's assent, the government would immediately appoint a Lokayukta. He had also requested the governor to \"vigorously follow up\" with the Centre the status of the state bill. \"This is important to keep our promise of setting up the Lokayukta within 100 days,\" Parrikar had said.The current bill is an amended version of the Goa Lokayukta Bill 2003, which was passed by the state assembly in 2005. Following questions raised by Union ministries, an amended version of the bill was adopted by the assembly in October 2011 and sent to the central government for its assent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028372", "title": "New rating system for Bus Rapid Transit System", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time a new standard for operations for BRTS has been introduced by the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP). From the next year onwards, the city's BRTS will be rated against 70 other similar mass transit networks across the globe, said ITDP officials.The ITDP has released the BRT Standard, Version 1.0 - a new scoring system based on internationally recognized best practice in bus rapid transit (BRT) system design.The BRT Standard awards points for characteristics such as off-board fare collection, frequency of service, level boarding, safe and comfortable station design, passenger comfort and access and good integration with cycling and walking. It deducts points for low speeds, overcrowding, poor maintenance of buses or stations, lack of right-of-way enforcement and too long or too short distances between stations.Similar to the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) green building ratings, the BRT Standard designates gold, silver, and bronze rankings. \"While over 70 cities have created some form of BRT, many people are simply not aware of their true potential, since there is a tremendous variation in the quality of those systems,\" says Walter Hook, Chief Executive Officer of ITDP.\"It became clear to us that a standard was needed to recognize the leaders in BRT, and to help those planning new systems,\" he added.Ahmedabad's Janmarg BRT system is one among the global BRT systems that soon will be evaluated by the BRT Standard Committee. \"Enacting a universal standard for BRT systems will make a huge difference to world-class systems such as Ahmedabad Janmarg Ltd (AJL) by giving an official recognition celebrating AJL's achievements. If AJL earns a gold, silver, or bronze ranking, it will identify Ahmedabad as a world leader in BRT,\" says Hook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028477", "title": "Full-fledged second exit point at Patna Junction soon", "text": "PATNA: With the increase in the volume of traffic and passengers at Patna Junction, the railways has started development of the Karbighaiya-end of the Patna Junction as the second exit point. The railways had recently removed encroachments around the station area. This project is being taken up on the pattern of Delhi's Ajmeri Gate.According to Danapur DRM L M Jha, the railways has already made platform no. 10 functional. Passengers have started either boarding or making an exit from this end during peak time. The railways is serious to develop it as a central place for passengers' movements, he said. The DRM said that a large number of people living in the southern parts of Patna prefer to board trains from this end. Besides, passengers are buying general tickets from unreserved ticketing system (UTS) counters located at the Karbighaiya end, he said.The railways is developing a spacious parking lot for vehicles at the Karbighaiya-end. Unauthorized auto and bus stands have been removed. The railways intends to make the entry point free from encroachments, the DRM said.Jha said the railways has decided to construct a refreshment hall, waiting hall and a retiring room at the Karbighaiya-end. Within six months, a spacious waiting hall and refreshment hall would be ready at this end, he added. Besides, the railways has urged the state government to build an approach road at the Karbighaiya-end so that movement of traffic and passengers could be smooth right from the Chiraiyatand overbridge, he said.The proposed information technology centre of the ECR and route relay interlocking (RRI) office have already been set up at this end. The railways would regulate traffic movement at the main entrance point of Karbighaiya end during peak hours. Patna Junction is in need of a second exit point to decongest maximum rush of passengers during peak hours, Jha said.According to the DRM, he has been personally visiting Patna Junction on a regular basis to supervise ongoing work at Karbighaiya end. Cleanliness has been the top priority of the railways at Patna Junction. \"Efforts are on to make available all kinds of facilities for passengers at this end. RPF personnel have been directed to keep a tab on the activities of miscreants at Karbighaiya end during night. The railways has installed proper lights at this end in the circulating area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13028920", "title": "District Planning Council elections on June 3", "text": "BHANDARA: Elections to District Planning Council (DPC) will be held on June 3 after a period of seven years.District Planning Council is the highest body that plans schemes and disburses funds to various government schemes having crores of rupees at its disposal. As per central government directives, DPC will be constituted according to process mentioned in the relevant law. It is an elected body of ZP and municipal council members and the election process has already begun.Sub-divisional officer Bhandara Vinod Harkande is the returning officer for the election. There are 24 members of DPC, 52 members of Bhandara Zilla Parishad and 72 members of 3 municipal councils. A total of 124 voters will elect 24 members to DPC. Municipal council and zilla parishad are the two constituencies and members of respective bodies will vote and elect their representatives. In municipal constituency, 72 members will elect one SC, one BC, one open and one woman, total 4 members and ZP members will elect 3 male and one female from SC, 3 male and 2 female from backward class and 6 male and 5 female members from open category.MLAs and member of parliament are the ex-officio members of the council while guardian minister is the ex-officio chairman of the body. Filing of nomination began on April 30. The final list of candidates will be declared on May 7 and voting will take place on June 3. The main contest is between BJP and Congress-NCP alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "greenfield", "code": "13029272", "title": "Mongas look for a name for their daughter", "text": "GREENFIELD: No matter where Amit and Ravpriya Monga go these days, there is a constant thought at the back of their mind, which keeps them attentive to every unique name they come across. The couple were blessed with a cute daughter on March 2, 2012, and have been looking out for a suitable name, which is traditional and unique as well, for her since then.Confused over her name in the past two months, mom and dad decided to call their bundle of joy Angel unless she gets her real name. Amit and Ravpriya feel their daughter arrived in their lives like an angel and hence, the nick name.Greenfield resident Amit, a businessman, says they had visited the Golden Temple, Amritsar, to know the suitable first letters for his daughter's name. They were told they should decide on a name that begins from any of the letters of the word 'Tyag'. So, the search became limited to names starting with T, Y, A and G.Angel's parents then started browsing the web, asking relatives, in and outside India, for suitable names. But, most of the names they have come across are either quite common or too modern to go with their tradition.Ravpriya says, \"I have been in constant touch with my relatives abroad and have jotted down a list of 50 names so far. But, I can't still decide if like any of them enough.'' The name should be such that Angel shouldn't have trouble when she grows up, she says, adding, \"Some times kids are teased at school if they have unusual names.''The Mongas once even thought of going with 'Aaradhya', which is also the name of Bachchan baby, but then discarded it as it is already over publicized by media and lacks freshness, they say.They hope to find an apt name for Angel soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028821", "title": "CCTV cameras lying idle at Dasaswamedh Ghat", "text": "VARANASI: Some of the close circuit television cameras (CCTV) installed at highly sensitive Dashaswamedh Ghat are lying non-functional during the recent inspection by senior superintendent of police BD Polson.After December 7, 2010 blast at old Dashaswamedh Ghat, the police officials showed interest in revision of standard operating procedure (SOP). Efforts were made to encourage the traders associations and institutions to initiate measures like installing close circuit television cameras (CCTV) for proper monitoring of the crowded markets and places. But, with the beginning of Assembly election process, the priority of police changed.Even after the formation of new government, the focus of police remain diverted from the highly sensitive issues due large scale reshuffle in the department. The security arrangements at the highly sensitive sites that had been targeted repeatedly by the terrorist groups like Dashaswamedh Ghat, were compromised.This fact was exposed when the SSP conducted a surprise inspection of this ghat, where 18 CCTV cameras were installed after December 7, 2010 terrorist attack. He told TOI that during recent inspection he found that some CCTV cameras are lying non-function. \"I am dissatisfied with the style of garbage dumping and allowing a parking zone adjacent to the ghat,\" he said.The parking slot was later removed. The SSP said that he would convene a meeting with his subordinates and other agencies in a week to chalk out plans to counter terror attacks in the city. Following the repeated terror attacks since February 2005, the district police had started initiating measures for upgrading the security arrangements at the highly sensitive sites like Kashi Vishwanath-Gyanvapi complex, temples like Sankat Mochan, Kaal Bhairo, Durgakund, Cantonment Railway station and others. After 26/11 terrorist attack in Mumbai, the district police realised the need of preparing SOP of 40 sites, which included all such sensitive places as well as multi-star hotels, multiplexes and some ghats, in 2009.Polson said that he would go through all such SOPs and discuss other issues needed to keep the city safe. He made it clear that the style of garbage dumping and disposal at crowded and sensitive places would have to be changed by the agencies concerned due to security reasons. Localities along ghats attract a large number of foreign tourists. Hotels, guest houses and paying guest accommodations mushrooming there would also be combed as a precaution.As the investigators in most of the terrorist attacks, which took place in the city in past seven years groped in dark and the cases could not be worked out, the local police had initiated measures like encouraging the traders associations and other institutions to install CCTV in markets and prominent building. It yielded encouraging results as 27 traders associations, 123 out of 131 banks, 20 out of 70 coaching centres, 22 out of 53 petrol pumps and 89 out of 110 private hospital and nursing homes ensured the installation of CCTVs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029217", "title": "Course cursor", "text": "Persian studiesZakir Husain College, Delhi University , runs a three-year full-time BA (Honours) course in Persian studies, which is the study of literature, linguistics and philosophy of the Persian language .Parvaiz Aslam, principal, Zakir Husain College, says, \"Subjects typically studied under this degree are poetry, drama, fiction, literary criticism, literary history, etc. Fee for the course is Rs 6,000 per annum .\"According to Aslam, Persian is an oriental language and has its connections with history. Many rulers who have ruled India in the past, used Persian language. Therefore, a lot of our history relates to this language. To understand the history better, students opt for this course.Also, students who study Persian at the BA level, in order to have a better understanding of the language and history, pursue a course in history at the MA level.As to the edge that this course gives to students, Aslam says, \"The course provides access and linkage to Iran and Afghanistan . It helps students to understand the history and the Persian media.\"To be eligible for the course, students need to have completed their class XII and should have had either Urdu or Persian language as a subject in class X or class XII. The course structure follows theory lessons with a little bit of history.Talking about the popularity of the course, Aslam says that BA (Honours) in Persian is one of the sought-after courses. Every year, around 20 to 22 students are enrolled into this programme out of which one or two are foreign students from countries like Iran, Korea , China, etc.As far as placements are concerned , after completing the course, most students either become Persian language teachers or join cultural centres. They also join news agencies as translators or join the external services of the All India Radio.Mass mediaIndraprastha College for Women , Delhi University, offers a full-time three-year course in Bachelor of Mass Media and Mass Communication (BMMMC). The course is divided into six semesters.According to MM Yogi, coordinator , mass media department,BMMMC is not only based on the basic principles of social sciences and humanities, but also imparts technical knowledge and skills. She says, \"The programme is aimed at developing core competence and comprehension in the crucially important areas of mass communication across mass media, in their complexity, political dynamics and technological advances.\"BMMMC is one of the most popular courses under the department of humanities and social sciences with more than a thousand applicants registering every year.The course is designed in such a manner that it not only helps students in gaining professional skills, but also helps them acquire indepth knowledge of various subjects within humanities.\"It is a rigorous course where students make films, write research projects and visit to foreign universities as part of exchange programmes . Media economics, media psychology, film and documentary, communication research, computer applications, radio journalism , public opinion, etc, are some of the topics that are covered in this programme ,\" says Yogi.In order to be eligible for the course, candidates should have cleared +2 with a minimum aggregate of 65% marks in class XII (60% for reserved categories) in four papers , including English. Apart from this, candidates are also required to clear the entrance test.As to the advantages of the programme , Yogi says, \"The course imparts technical skills in various areas of mass communication and mass media, theoretical knowledge and perspectives, which determine their nature and use, and a historical and social understanding of their dynamics, which is important in a global world.\"Yogi adds, most students get placed during their internship period in media houses, production houses and advertising agencies. A lot of students also choose filmmaking and behind-camera work. About five per cent of students opt for higher studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028985", "title": "Don\u2019t blame the financial players. Educate yourself", "text": "I notice two disturbing trends in public debates about financial products and advice-sensationalism and righteousness. What are the issues that rile everyone? Banks are defrauding customers, insurance companies are bringing out dubious products, advisers are ripping off customers, mutual funds are inefficient, micro-finance is bad for the poor, and brokers are encouraging gambling. The recommendations and remedies are righteous about who should do what and how. Can we have a balanced debate instead?Let us not assume that products on sale, including financial products, are expected to meet only basic, defined, necessary and 'good' needs. Marketing is about creating and growing demand for products and services beyond the basics. Otherwise, all of us would be holding the simplest press button mobile phone, and paying a low and affordable price. Those that produce diamond-crusted handsets would surely be sinners. We can argue about the wasteful consumption of societies and the harmful effects of advertising , but we have come quite a distance to now return to the basics. False claims are made about what shampoos do to hair, ready-to-eat cereals to nutrition, and so on.Product choices are a reality and producers, including those offering financial products, will release into markets what they believe appeals to greed, aspiration, or status.Consider loans. We should ideally live within our means and spend what we have and taking a loan is downright harmful. Why then do we have banks at all selling us loans? The truth is that without the benefit of borrowing , it would be a small, shrunken world of limited assets, jobs, wealth and opportunities. We may paint loans as the demon, but countless entrepreneurs and households have expanded their horizons with this product. Millions would not own homes if banks did not agree to lend against the asset they liked to own. By the same reasoning, we can rubbish credit cards as harmful spend-inducing loans, at usurious rates; stock trading as mindless speculative activity; and derivatives as useless tools to disaster. The problem, perhaps, is not in the product, but in its misuse. We need fair and informed exchange between the buyer and seller without being righteous and patronising. Every financial product, in its basic form, engages two different entities and their balance sheets. A micro-finance loan is a useful product for a self-help group of poor women entrepreneurs trying to get a regular income. The lender likes to price it based on his balance sheet, primarily driven by his cost of funds and operations. The borrower takes the loan on her balance sheet hoping to generate income that helps repay the loan in instalments.Regulatory and governance structures should protect this premise and ensure that the exchange happens on fair terms for both parties. The problems in this market primarily arose with lenders expanding their balance sheets at the cost of quality, and borrowers using multiple lenders to fund expenses rather than assets. Ill-informed regulatory action targeted pricing, recovery and more micro issues and killed this market. The responses to the problem came from a position of misplaced righteousness.Responsible financial decision-making is the strategic choice that both businesses and households have to make. As consumers, we have learnt to distrust the fancy sale of pure silk garments at a 90% discount, but easily buy into 24% assured returns. It is in our interest to understand what financial products do to our finances, our own balance sheets driven by our income, risks, plans and problems. If we are able to strategise and implement key life decisions with financial implications, such as how many children we will have and when, whether both spouses will work, and where we will live and earn, we need to make money choices with the same level of strategic seriousness. If it requires us to learn and educate ourselves, that is how it should be.At a macro level, to create a more healthy market for financial products, we need two core ingredients. The first is the presence of long-term players , who are well-capitalised , and set industry benchmarks as they grow. The regulatory environment should focus on nurturing such growth and development, and provide a competitive environment that encourages fair play. Mistaken activism has all but killed the business in at least two cases-micro finance and mutual funds. One cannot legislate for integrity, a lesson lost in both these cases. The second is the presence of a legal system that ensures prompt and punitive action for fraudsters. It is under the inefficient criminal justice system that fly-by-night operators dupe investors . Misrepresentation of product features, masking risk in fine print, misleading ads are criminal activities that need to be dealt with as such. Financial product mis-selling is one manifestation of this deficient justice system.Financial products and their sales happen in the larger context of a poorly regulated and less developed market. Passing on the blame, expecting protection, and wallowing in helplessness is not going to help anyone. Investors can begin by making the effort to see financial transactions as a deal between equals on terms both parties understand and agree upon. There is no short-cut to informed decision-making.(The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028892", "title": "Online facility for IIT aspirants to view answer sheets", "text": "Around 4,80,000 IIT aspirants, who had appeared for the IIT JEE 2012, will be able to view their answer sheets online on the websites of the respective IITs. The scanned versions of the Optical Response Sheets (ORS) will be displayed on the websites from May 5 to May 10 for candidates to view their answers vis-a-vis the correct responses, including their individual scores.According to GB Reddy, chairman, JEE 2012, the answer key uploaded on the websites will enable students to view the correct answers to all questions versus their answers to each question. They can also register complaints online.\"In this process, students can only register a complaint on a technical error , for example, a circle marked partially or improperly shaded, for which the ORS machine was unable to read the answer and hence did not allot marks. However, students will not be able to change their answers,\" he says.RK Shevgaonkar, director, IIT-Delhi says, \"Allowing students to view their answers is to ensure transparency in the JEE results, so that every candidate is satisfied with the evaluation.\"A committee of IIT officials at IITDelhi will assess complaints manually till May 14 and the final results will be displayed on May 18.Around 10,000 candidates will be admitted in the 16 IITs across the country this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026284", "title": "No headway in University of Pune guard's murder case", "text": "PUNE: Three days after the security supervisor of the University of Pune (UoP), Prahlad Jogdandkar (57), was shot dead, the city police are yet to find the whereabouts of the suspect. While the city police have intensified patrolling on the campus, the crime branch has also decided to conduct patrolling in plain clothes.On Thursday night Jogdandkar had caught the suspect with a woman in the isolated, forest-like area behind the servants quarters. Following an altercation between the suspect and the security guard, the unidentified youth pulled out a gun and pumped two bullets into his chest, killing him on the spot.The Chatushrungi police and the crime branch are investigating the case. The police teams have been fanned to trace the suspect.Senior inspector Ajay Kadam of the Chatushrungi police station said, \"The investigations are on. We do not have any clues so far.\"Kadam said the police have intensified patrolling on the premises. \"We are conducting patrolling in all the three shifts. Even the night duty officials have also been asked to pay visit on the campus,\" Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027205", "title": "BRT trial: No lane just for bus", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a month after a prodding by the Delhi high court to conduct a \"scientific study\" of the 5.8km-long bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor at Ambedkar Nagar, commuters will finally see some temporary changes on the stretch. The trial run, which kicks off on Saturday, will do away with the dedicated bus lane and allow vehicles to move freely till May 17.The trial is part of the six-week study being undertaken by the Central Road Research Institute. S Velmurugan, a senior scientist at CRRI who is heading the BRT study team, said, \"The trial run will start on Saturday as we wanted a soft launch. By Thursday, we expect to wrap up the experimental run as we should have all the data required by then.\"Before the trial run, CRRI will ready the corridor for the test. \"Signage, markings and a metal barrier to separate the two-way lane on the dedicated bus lane will be placed along the corridor before the run. We are also putting in safety measures such as repairing the speed breakers and putting in signage for temporary bus queue shelters on the left side, where buses will now be running,\" said Velmurugan. The non-operational bus queue shelter will be covered during this period.CRRI is also planning to meet Delhi traffic police officials on Monday to discuss the traffic issues that would need to be factored in during the trial run. The CRRI official added, \"A traffic advisory will be issued soon for the public, so that commuters don't have problems travelling on the BRT stretch during the run.\"During this period, CRRI will also monitor the signal cycles. It is also proposing to make a separate lane at the Saket intersection, when coming from Chirag Dilli, for right-moving traffic, besides the existing lanes. A corresponding right lane will be carved out at the Chirag Dilli intersection as well.CRRI will also change the signal cycle during the experimental run. A signal cycle is the time the traffic light takes to change from green to red and then back to green. Along with the experimental run, CRRI will also run a queue length and speed and delay study. The latter is the journey time from point A to B, including the delay caused in the journey.Following the trial run, CRRI will also undertake a simulation exercise, which will use data from the user perception survey and the trial run, and suggest solutions for the corridor, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026959", "title": "Mass media university likely to come up at Diggi Road", "text": "JAIPUR: The permanent campus of the upcoming Journalism and Mass Media University is likely to be set up at the knowledge corridor, Diggi Road (south) here while, for the time being, makeshift classes will be held at the Suchna Kendra.The ordinance draft prepared by the information and public relations department suggests holding classes at the Suchna Kendra till the permanent campus comes up. \"The ordnance draft has been sent to the law department in which we have proposed the land at knowledge corridor (south). Meanwhile, we are planning to conduct classes in media rooms behind the main building of Suchna Kendra and for that we have asked the public works department (PWD) for estimation,\" said SS Bissa, commissioner and secretary, information and public relations.A committee has also been constituted to design course structure for the university. Syllabi of other universities like Indian Institute of Mass Communication, Kushabhau Thakre University of Journalism and Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University of Journalism and Communication are being consulted. \"We are studying the courses of other universities and will take the best from each syllabus. There will be a few new additions, keeping in mind the current practices followed in the media,\" added Bissa.The state government has issued Rs 10 crore for setting up of the university and is keen to make the university fully operational before the state assembly elections in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028208", "title": "Beypore's Sultan yet to get a memorial in city", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Almost 18 years after his death, a memorial on Vaikom Muhammed Basheer in his favourite town still remains a distant dream.Though the previous LDF government had allotted Rs 50 lakh to set up a memorial in 2008 on the occasion of the writer's birth centenary celebrations, authorities are yet to find a suitable land for the project.After the fund was allotted by former cultural minister M A Baby, a committee was constituted to identify a suitable land.The Kozhikode corporation also made efforts to identify land for the memorial but failed to find one.The civic body's move to construct the memorial on the ground used by children of Jawahar Nagar in city was met with stiff local resistance recently.Mayor A K Premajam said that the corporation had identified land near Kozhikode Beach and at Thiruthiyadu.\"But the port authorities are not willing to hand over the land near the beach and at the land at Thiruthiyadu was used construct an office of the Territorial Army,\" she said. The mayor added that a meeting to identify the land will be convened soon.District collector K V Mohan Kumar said efforts will be resumed to materialize the proposal which has been a long-pending demand of the people in Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027302", "title": "At Mukhtar Gunj residential area, vendors rule the road", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hawkers are making their way into several Old City residential areas, jamming lanes and bylanes and creating major traffic problems. Residents of Mukhtar Gunj located off Siddiamber Bazaar say that their neighbourhood has of late been taken over by vendors with pushcarts crowding the area.The 40-feet Mukhtar Gunj road connects Afzalgunj with Bank Street and has buildings which house commercial establishments on the ground floor and residential spaces on the upper floors. Residents rue that the recent vendor activity has caused shrinkage of the road restricting traffic movement at various hours of the day.Vivek Baheti, a resident of the area said, \"The area had only one or two hawkers a fortnight ago. Now the area is swarming with them. They occupy at least ten feet of the road and cause traffic jams for at least two hours everyday. People park their cars beside pushcarts so that they can buy items from them. This clogs the road further.\"Residents say that the dumping of waste by these vendors has added to their woes. Complaints lodged with the local traffic police station have fallen on deaf ears. They said that the police have given hawkers a free run. \"We spoke to the sub-inspectors but they too haven't done anything about it,\" Baheti added. The vendors said that they have no demarcated areas earmarked for them. Also, with most of the roads being already occupied by other pretty traders, the vendors in this part of the Old City had no other place to go. \"We have started coming here for the last few weeks. There is good response to our business,\" Mahesh, one of the vendors, said.Residents pointed out that the vendors have the support of local leaders. Businessman Viren Shah who lives in Mukhtar Gunj said, \"All efforts to drive hawkers away have fallen flat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "barewal", "code": "13029315", "title": "Tough wait for Barewal residents", "text": "BAREWAL: Despite a year long turmoil, the residents of Barewal on Ferozepur Road, will get no relief and continue to suffer for another six months because even after the sewerage pipeline work is complete it's yet to be connected with the main sewerage. Due to this road construction work is also pending and residents are forced to drive on bumpy roads. The officials are claiming shortage of funds for delay in the completion of work.The Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board started this project in January 2011, and was targetted for completion in six months. Residents rued that when the sewerage pipelines were being laid in the area, the officials broke water pipelines and residents had to face acute shortage of water. They further rued that even moving out of their residence had become a difficult task as all the roads were dug up.A senior citizen and resident of the area Sarla Jain said, \"After laying the sewerage lines, the officials did not care for proper leveling of the roads in the area as concrete roads are yet to be constructed. And if authorities did not want to link internal sewerage with main sewerage then what was the fun of wasting public money and giving trouble to us?''A student and resident of area, Preet Kaur said, \"We suffered for almost a year with no water supply and poor roads. But all this sacrifice has come to naught as the sewerage system is yet to be made functional. Officials should stop taking our problems lightly and start doing their duty.''When asked about delay in sewerage laying work, executive engineer of Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board (PWSSB) R C Verma said, \"We have allotted the work to a contractor who would connect the internal sewerage lines with main sewerage line only then project would be considered complete and roads could be constructed in the area.'' He adds, \"We could not complete the task at hand in time due to shortage of funds. Even now we might take around six months to complete the project.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13028214", "title": "Not all well in Odisha Cong", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Factionalism in the state Congress came to the fore on Sunday when some legislators sought a younger person to replace Niranjan Patnaik as the Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president, even as central leader Jagdish Tytler said there was no plan for change of leadership now.While All India Congress Committee general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler attended a public meeting in Cuttack to deliberate over the party's strengths and weaknesses in the wake of the February panchayat poll debacle, a group of MLA having affinity with Lalatendu Bidyadhar Mohapatra met Union health minister and senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad at the State Guest House here and pressed for change of OPCC leadership.Mohapatra, popularly known as Lulu, is known to be at loggerheads with 68-yearold Niranjan, who became the state Congress chief in June, 2011. Mohapatra accompanied by legislators such as Surendra Singh Bhoi (Titlagarh), Shyam Charan Hansdah (Rairangpur) and Dusmanta Naik (Bhawanipatna) met Azad and highlighted organizational loopholes.\"We expressed the need for a leadership change so that someone young can be at the helm. We are in favour of Mohapatra, who has been OPCC working president,\" Bhoi said, claiming around 20 of the party's 27 MLAs would support Mohapatra to replace Niranjan. Naik echoed similar sentiments, saying many in the party want a youth to take over the leadership in the state.Mohapatra said the party apparatus had become \"defunct\" at several block and district levels and the MLAs discussed the need to revamp the party organization. Azad did not comment on the issue, but Tytler said, \"There was no point in their (Lulu and the MLAs) meeting Azad. Either they should meet AICC president Sonia Gandhi or me.\" He said change of OPCC leadership is not on the cards as the party is now engaged in identifying the reasons for its dismal performance in the recent zilla parishad polls.\"It's Sonia Gandhi's prerogative as to who would be OPCC president,\" he said, adding: \"They possibly did not come to meet me as I would have sought their explanation on the ZP poll performance.\" Refusing to be drawn into the leadership change demand, Niranjan admitted there were certain weaknesses in the party organization and said, \"Everybody is free to express their opinion to strengthen the party.\"However, with successive electoral defeats in Umerkote, Athagarh and rural elections during the past six months giving Congressmen fodder for thought, Mohapatra, a former Pradesh Youth Congress president, apparently resorted to a show of strength by organizing a rally for Azad and Tytler, both of whom were guests at Utkal University students' union function on Saturday.While Mohapatra and his acolytes attended the university event, those owing allegiance to Niranjan stayed away. In fact, posters put at Congress Bhavan carried photographs of the central leaders, Mohapatra and state NSUI president Chinmaya Sahoo, but not those of Niranjan, making obvious the growing differences within the Grand Old Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "13028374", "title": "Rohtas police officer orders arrest of ex-BJP chief", "text": "SASARAM: Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj has ordered arrest of former state BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh on the charge of attack on a police team, led by the SP himself, during a drive against illegal mining in Kaimur hills on February 26.The SP on Friday also directed the investigating officer (IO) concerned to attach Singh's property if he is found absconding, police sources said.Earlier in April, the anticipatory bail petition of Singh, the main accused in the case, was rejected by the court of district and sessions judge, Rohtas.Muffasil SHO Dharmendra Kumar, who is himself a complainant in the case, on Sunday said steps for procuring the arrest warrant against Singh and other accused have been initiated and police will get it from the court soon.Sources said after going through the supervision report of Sasaram DSP V Dayal, who found the allegation against all the 56 accused true, the SP issued the order to arrest the named accused immediately.On the complaint of the Muffasil SHO, an FIR against 56 persons, including Singh, was lodged in connection with the attack on a police team led by the Rohtas SP on February 26.Only workers were arrested on the spot that day in connection with the incident. But even after more than two months, none of the accused have been arrested.Two other criminal cases were also lodged on the same day against Singh in connection with illegal quarrying in forest area and under the Explosives Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13030951", "title": "Statistical highlights of Royal Challengers Bangalore-Deccan Chargers IPL match", "text": "BANGALORE: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Deccan Chargers and Royal Challengers Bangalore played at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium on Sunday.# With just five points in 11 matches, Deccan Chargers are placed at the bottom of the points table.# Deccan Chargers is the second team after Pune Warriors to lose eight games in the IPL 2012.# Bangalore have won five and lost five out of 11 played in the present competition (NR 1).# Chris Gayle has become the first batsman to record 100 sixes (101) in the IPL.# Rahane (463), Sehwag (445), Gayle (433) and Gambhir (421) are the top run-getters in the IPL 2012.# Virat Kohli has continued his poor form in the IPL 5, making 201 runs at an average of 20.10 in eleven games.# Amit Mishra's tally of 69 wickets at an average of 20.13 in 54 matches is bettered only by Lasith Malinga (81), Piyush Chawla (71) and RP Singh (71).# Shikhar Dhawan has aggregated 375 runs at an average of 41.66 in 10 games in the present competition - the most for Deccan.# Dhawan's above average is his best so far in an IPL season.# Dhawan (73 not out off 52 balls) has registered his third half-century in the present edition of the IPL.# Dhawan's aforesaid innings is his third fifty in the present tournament - his 11th in the IPL.# With 337 runs (ave 48.14) in eight games, Cameron White is the second highest run-getter for Deccan Chargers in the present edition of the IPL.# AB de Villiers' (47 not out off 17 balls) has played a superb knock, registering strike rate of 276.47 - the highest in the IPL 2012 (minimum 30 runs).# AB de Villiers' brilliant strike rate of 171.76 in the highest by a batsman this season in the IPL.# AB de Villiers' runs' tally of 292 (ave 48.66) in 10 matches is the second highest for Bangalore after Chris Gayle (433).# AB de Villiers is the second player after Virender Sehwag to receive three Man-of-the-Match awards in the IPL 5.# AB de Villiers has been adjudged the Man-of-the-Match for the 11th time in Twenty20.# Tillakaratne Dilshan (71 off 54 balls) has recorded his second half-century for Bangalore in the IPL 5.# Dilshan has managed 152 in four innings at an average of 50.66, including two fifties, in the present competition.# During his brief knock of 26 off 22 balls, Chris Gayle has completed his 1500 runs in the IPL, totalling 1504 at an average of 45.57 in 38 matches.# Gayle's tally of 31 sixes is the highest by a batsman in the IPL 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13028181", "title": "Whose laptop is it anyway?", "text": "TRICHY: There reigns a lot of confusion over whether the state government's free laptop scheme should apply to students of self-financing courses in government-aided colleges. Though the government order specifically says that the free laptops should be distributed to government and government-aided schools, polytechnic, engineering and arts and science colleges, there is no mention of either self-financing courses or self-financing colleges. Some officials, entrusted with the implementation of the programme, misinterpreted the order to include self-financing courses in government-aided colleges, creating a lot of heartburn in academic circles.There are fourteen colleges in Trichy district, including government (3), government-aided (9) and University constituent (2). According to figures supplied to TOI by the office of the Regional Joint Director of Collegiate Education (RJDCE) in Trichy, third-year students of the nine government-aided colleges have together lapped up 9,219 laptops as against 1,452 laptops supplied to three government colleges. Students of two Bharathidasan University constituent colleges - one each at Inamkulathur and Lalgudi - ended up having 399 laptops. One nodal officer each was appointed for the group of government and government-aided colleges, schools, polytechnics and the lone Bharathidasan Institute of Technology, Anna University, Trichy.The office of the RJDCE first asked the principals to give the quantum of laptops required to the office of Director of Collegiate Education in Chennai on the basis of the number of first and third-year students. But it was not specifically clarified if students of self-financing courses came under the purview of the scheme. Most colleges in Trichy calculated their requirements including all the third-year students of self-financing courses too. For instance, the government-aided Jamal Mohamed College, Trichy, according to figures given by the collector's office, was allotted the largest number of 2,343 laptops, 58 more than the allotment for the year 2011-12. Principal Dr Khadar Mohideen told TOI that the college ran 40 self-financing courses against 27 government-aided courses, including 13 UG courses. The college taught 19 UG self-financing courses. Similarly, the 669 students of self-financing courses in Holy Cross College got laptops as against 600 students of government-aided courses. Its principal Dr W Ritha told TOI that the college taught 10 aided courses and nine self-financing courses. Likewise, Urumu Dhanalakshmi College runs 26 self-financing courses as against 12 government-aided courses. This college lapped up 587 computers, only to return 60 computers to the government later. Principal S Sekar told TOI that since there was confusion whether first-year students should be involved in the scheme, the figures were marked up.The nodal officer for arts and science colleges in the district, P Gauthaman, said he was pained as six students of the government-run Periyar EVR College in Trichy were refused the laptops because the government was strictly following the rules and those students who were not eligible to write the exams this year were denied laptops. For instance, a student should have achieved 75% attendance or 60% attendance with the support of medical certificate to qualify for appearing for the university exams. However, Gauthaman clarified that there was no written rule to the effect that students of self-financing courses could be allotted the free laptops.The issue of whether students of self-financing courses were included in the free laptop scheme was hotly debated after Villupuram district collect V Sampath stopped 258 laptops from being distributed to students of Srimath Sivaghana Baala Swamigal Tamil College, Mailam, and asked deputy collector M Panneer Selvam to verify the matter with the government. \"We distributed 56 computers to students of aided courses in SSBS College, Mailam, in the third week of April and held up the distribution of 202 laptops to students of self-financing courses as we are not sure of the matter and we have asked the government for clarification,\" Panneer Selvam told TOI on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13028924", "title": "Superintendent of police who cracked down on mining mafia shunted out", "text": "JAIPUR: After the March 22 crackdown against illegal gravel mines in Mewat's Pahari region resulting in the arrest of 97 people, some politicians had approached chief minister Ashok Gehlot against IPS officer Vikas Kumar, the SP of Bharatpur who led the drive.Sources said the move by the politicians ended in the shifting of Vikas Kumar about a month later to the 2nd armed battalion in Kota, generally considered a punishment posting.Some local politicians had raised a hue and cry over what was termed as \"the biggest ever crackdown\" on illegal mining in the region. The politicians alleged that most of those arrested were innocent. MLA from Bharatpur's Kaman constituency Zahida Khan even approached the CM and chief secretary C K Mathew immediately after the operation. She demanded Vikas Kumar's transfer.\"I had met the chief minister when it came up that 52 of those who were arrested from the Pahari region on March 22 were completely innocent. The other 42 people were drivers and cleaners of vehicles being used in the illegal mining. Only three were real culprits. My demand to transfer him was entirely based on this illegal operation,\" Khan told TOI over phone. Khan's husband Jalees had also organized a sit-in against the operation.Sources close to the investigation said the 97 people arrested were ground-level operatives and had been quizzed at length for identification of the real mining mafias. \"The police had rounded up 128 people. After screening, 31 of them were released. Vikas Kumar had formed an investigation team headed by probationer IPS officer Yogesh Yadav. The team had been asked to submit a weekly report on the progress made in the identification of the real mining mafias. Vikas Kumar received only one weekly report before his transfer,\" a senior police officer in Bharatpur said.When contacted, Yogesh Yadav said the investigation is still on to identify those who had employed these 97 people. \"The results of this investigation will be out soon,\" said Yogesh refusing to disclose any further details. Khan claimed that she would not have objected if the police had arrested the real mining mafias. \"But I cannot tolerate the arrest of innocent people in my constituency,\" she claimed.However, a day-long bandh was organized in Bharatpur town, a day after Kumar's transfer on April 30. \"All commercial establishments were closed to honour this courageous officer. People came out openly against his transfer. He was punished for carrying out his duties with honesty,\" said Vijay Bansal, the BJP legislator from Bharatpur.Vikas Kumar, however, refused to comment. \"I don't know what people are saying. I am a civil servant Wherever the state government wants me to serve, I will try to carry out my duties to the best of my ability,\" the officer said.The 2004-batch officer had been transferred to Bharatpur, three days after the Gopalgarh violence that claimed the lives of 10 Meo Muslims on September 14 last year.\"If the government thought that he was skillful enough to be deputed in Bharatpur at a time when things were completely out of control, what has happened now? Why has he been posted in an armed battalion?\" Bansal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034800", "title": "Dan Dan is my big break: Paroma P Dasgupta", "text": "Nathalia Kaur has been grabbing a lot of eyeballs ever since she featured in the \" Dan dan\" number from \"Department\". Both Nathalia's sexy moves and the song have attracted attention.However, not too many know that the number has been sung by Kolkata's Paroma P Dasgupta. For those not in the loop, Paroma started learning Hindustani classical music from her mother, Manjushree Dasgupta. \"Apart from my musical training at home, I am also learning from Ustad Ghulam Niyaz Khan of the prestigious Rampur-Sahaswan gharana. He happens to be Ustad Rashid Khan's brother. I moved to Mumbai after completing my masters in English from Kolkata,\" says Phoolbagan-bred Paroma.Once in Mumbai, she started singing jingles. \"I have sung for promotional campaigns of Maruti, Future Group, Neslac, Whirlpool, Horlicks, Maggie, Videocon and Vicco, among others. I have also sung for television commercials in most Indian languages like Hindi, EnglishBengali, Tamil, Telegu, Malayalam, Marathi, Gujrati, Punjabi, Assamese and Oriya,\" she adds.Paroma's big break happened when a friend who had penned a few songs for music director duo Dharam and Sandeep suggested her name for a song in Ram Gopal Verma's \"Department\" starring Amitabh Bachchan , Sanjay Dutt and Rana Dagubatti. \"Unfortunately that song did not happen. But Dharam-Sandeep tried my voice out in another song called \"Dan dan\". That's my big break in Bollywood. Initially, there were suggestions of using a famous Bollywood singer but eventually everyone was convinced by my rendition and power that gave a different identity to the song. Having trained in classical music is a blessing for me. But more than anything else, what's helped is that I have a flexible temperament and don't wish to get typecast,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13028765", "title": "Siddu steals the show at Kuruba meet", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Nearly 3 lakh Kurubas descended here on Sunday in a bid to assert their political identity: Congress leader Siddaramaiah said the community must garner support of other backward classes and minorities in a bid to have a say in the corridors of power.Scores of pontiffs from backward community mutts attended the state-level convention , organized by Karnataka Pradesh Kurubara Sangha at Doddabati off Davanagere . The meeting broadly agreed that deep divisions in the community have stunted the Kurubas' march to power.The community leaders claimed that the Davanagere meet is the first in over 100 years; the last such Kuruba convention was held in 1910 at Laxmeshwara in the then undivided Dharwad district. Much as he denied that the platform was not to position him as chief ministerial candidate for the 2013 elections, it was Siddaramaiah's show all through.This was made easier by the absence of BJP's KS Eshwarappa and minister Varthur Prakash. Siddaramaiah demanded the Scheduled Tribe tag for all sects of Kurubas and reservation in assembly and Parliament. He said a survey is essential to ascertain the correct population of various castes.According to the Sangha, Karnataka has 70 lakh Kurubas and 3.5 crore other backward community people, but their representation in the assembly isn't proportional . \"We're Karnataka's third largest community, and we haven't seen a Kuruba CM,\" said Sangha president M Ramachandrappa.Congress leader and MP H Vishwanath regretted that the Kurubas were falling prey to the divide-and-rule politics practised by political parties. Former minister from Janata Dal (Secular), Bandeppa Kashempur, argued for more tickets to the Kurubas in the assembly and general elections.MLC C H Vijayshankar was the BJP's lone representative on the dais.Some of the resolutions passed at the meeting included: gun licences for shepherds; woollen blankets from shepherds; start Kuruba residential schools.-- Gururaj Jamkhandi &amp; SA Gangaraju", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028674", "title": "Devotees throng at Buddha temples", "text": "VARANASI: Thousands of devotees took a dip into the river Ganga and observed a fast on the occasion of Buddha Purnima on Sunday. Temples and muths were decorated and special programmes of 'bhajan', 'aarti', and 'sringar' were held.Meanwhile, devotees also visited Sarnath in large numbers, seeking blessings at various Buddha temples. Apart from domestic tourists, people from Thailand, Tibet, Bhutan and various other places also visited Sarnath on the day. Further, devotees participated in a religious procession which started early in the morning from Dhammachakra Vihar near Central University of Tibetan Studies at Sarnath and culminated at Moolgandh Kuti, the Sri Lankan Buddhist temple.According to regional tourism officer, Dinesh Kumar, the Buddha Mahotsav, organised on the occasion of Buddha Purnima every year, would be celebrated along with an International Buddhist Conclave to be held in September. \"However, as part of celebrations on the day, as many as 20,000 earthen lamps were lit in the evening across the prominent temples in Sarnath,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028602", "title": "Babus peeved with delayed promotions", "text": "MUMBAI: Discontent is brewing among state cadre revenue, police, forest and Mantralaya officials over the failure of successive chief ministers to consider their case for induction into the all-India service.\"We are the sons of the soil, but prima facie, it appears that successive chief ministers have delayed our promotions and induction into the all-India service for obvious reasons. We are in the process of knocking on the CM's doors for justice,'' a senior deputy collector told TOI on Saturday.The grievance of the state cadre revenue, police and forest officials is that since the meetings of the high-level committee are not held regularly, their promotions are stalled. According to official records, the meeting of the committee for induction of revenue officials into the IAS was not held for the years 2010 and 2011. As a result, no revenue official was inducted into the IAS for two years. Same was the case with police officials. In the last two years, no meeting of the induction committee was held, because of which no state cadre police official was inducted into the IPS. \"Our information is that 12 vacancies of IAS and 27 of IPS could not be filled as the induction committee meeting could not be held. We demand that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan fix the responsibility for the delay in holding the meeting,'' he said.Further, the deputy collector said that in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, a deputy collector, who was inducted into the state revenue service through the State Public Service Commission in 1995, has been inducted into the IAS in 2007, after putting in 12 years in the state service, where as in Maharashtra, deputy collectors, who have completed 20 years in service and been promoted as additional collectors, are still waiting for nomination to the IAS. \"Last week, 1987 batch deputy collectors were inducted into the IAS. It is a similar case in the IPS. Direct recruit superintendents of police are awaiting induction into the IPS for well over 20 years,'' he said.Even Mantralaya cadre officials are passing through a critical period. Those who joined the Mantralaya cadre as assistant secretary have been promoted to the rank of joint secretary. But now there is no scope for further promotion. \"In Mantralaya, there are 14 joint secretaries who are holding the post for eight to 10 years and they will retire on the same post. We feel that as has been done by Tamil Nadu, the Maharashtra government should create a special post of additional secretary for Mantralaya cadre officials,'' he said.A joint secretary said it was unfortunate that successive chief ministers have given step-motherly treatment to the state cadre officials for obvious reasons. \"Our demand is that the CM should consider our case for a time-bound promotion, as was done in case of all-India service officials,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027254", "title": "How to award a song sung wrong", "text": "NEW DELHI: For her \"husky and haunting voice that brings a gentle, nostalgic tone and tenor to Abosheyshey\", Roopa Ganguly received the Silver Lotus for Best Female Playback from Vice President Hamid Ansari. Before that, however, when she stood before the august gathering at Vigyan Bhavan to sing the song, she was visibly nervous. The reason became clear with the opening notes of Doorey kothay... she'd started on a wrong scale.Possibly, the actor wasn't prepared to sing on Thursday. That may be why she looked diffident, repeatedly cleared her voice, did not use a track like Anand Bhate, the Best Male Playback, did to recreate the ethos of Bal Gandharva. But what memory would all the winners of the 59th National Awards retain of the Draupadi they cherish from TV's Mahabharat?Has the Rajat Kamal gone to the wrong person, then? Since the announcement of the award, Roopa herself has expressed amazement - shock, perhaps? At a dinner for the Tollywood winners, she even said her first thought went to professional singers Shreya Ghoshal and Sunidhi Chauhan . She made amply clear her dismay at not being awarded for acting. Those who've seen her in films like Antarmahal couldn't agree more.\"In fact we had recommended her for the Best Supporting Actress for her superb portrayal of a woman who lived life after her husband and son left her,\" informed Satarupa Sanyal, member of the (East) jury. In the film by debut director Aditi Roy, \"When she herself sings the song layered with melancholy, she didn't seem to be 'acting'. Even with a single tanpura to keep the scale, she sounded perfect.\" This could be because every error in a recorded song can be corrected, Sanyal admitted.This gave rise to arched brows and snide comments. \"Will Amitabh Bachchan be the best male playback for Ekla chalo re that he's rendered in a bare voice for Kahaani?\" asked one. Another wondered why The Baritone was not even considered for Rang barse (Silsila) that is inseparable from Holi since 1981. \"What would it say about NFA if he'd got for singing and not for acting?\"That brings us to a key note: Do these awards honour the best professional performance, or a casual film sequence? When the jury watches the entire - 50 this year, sifted from 185, in 20 different languages - they're more focused on the unfolding narrative, the performances, lighting, editing, costumes, sets, musicality... Individual songs seldom linger in memory unless they're heard outside the theatre as are Hindi film songs, or in the regions (like Amake amar mato in Autograph).More importantly, despite subtitles, the poetic element of the lyrics are not understood, their relevance in the context of the situation is not absorbed, their resonance is barely noticed. Repeatedly asking for the lyrics along with translation does not yield result, let alone the request for CDs that could be played after the viewing is over. How, then, does the entire jury of 11 members conclude that this particular song is THE one?That is why, one felt sorry for Amitabh Bhattacharya when Agar zindagi was rendered on the same dais. He may have \"evocatively conjured images through everyday language, to convey the yearnings of youth\" that is the crux of Onir's I Am. But the rendition was so lack-lustre that even Roopa Gangooly must've felt proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13027650", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon ignored residents' will to relocate vends: RTI replies", "text": "GURGAON: The councillors and residents of Gurgaon might be against the idea of liquor vends operating out of green belts and areas close to residential colonies, but RTI replies have exposed how the municipal body and other government authorities did not pay heed to people's concern despite receiving around a dozen official complaints from sitting councillors.Rather, they took policy decisions on how government land could be given to liquor vends for business, sources said.These revelations are crucial considering the fact that a city court is all set to take up the issue of liquor vends' location on green belts on Monday. The replies accessed by RTI activist Sarvadaman Oberoi has exposed how the officials and administration are just concerned about revenue generation rather than paying heed to the demands of the residents and the councillors.The minutes of the meeting held on February 24 nowhere mentions that the officials - including the deputy commissioner, municipal commissioner and his deputies, excise department officials, HUDA administrator and his subordinates - mentioned anything about people's and councillors' objections to the location of liquor vends.The only references made in the minutes were how government lands could be leased out to the owners of liquor vends for their business. The minutes state that the government agencies would make the land patches available for this purpose. They also decided on how to calculate the rent. The document available with the TOI shows that the officials decided the methodology for rent collection in two installments.\"The officials not considering the complaints amounts to grave disrespect to the will of the people of Gurgaon, which was expressed through their constitutionally-elected representatives,\" Oberoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028844", "title": "Five of a family arrested for kidnapping", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police have registered an offence against five members of a family from Raipur in Chhattisgarh on Sunday. The family which is into jewellery business, allegedly kidnapped a 20-year-old girl.The victim was forcibly married to one of the accused who had already tied the knot with her elder sister.Visual Raghuvanshi had come to Nagpur to take back his wife who resided at Janta Chowk in Jaripatka. During his stay, Vishal befriended his sister-in-law.After promising to find a suitable match, Vishal, his parents and two others took the complainant to Raipur. Police said that Vishal forcibly married his sister-in-law by keeping her confined to a room. She alerted her family in Nagpur by sending an SMS.The girl's family rushed to Raipur to bring her back. After returning to Nagpur, the girl's family approached Jaripatka police. Police made Vishal, his parents (Devidas and Hemadevi), relative Vijay Kumar and another unidentified person the co-accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13028461", "title": "Convicted Punjab minister Tota Singh yet to resign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab minister Tota Singh, who was convicted by a Mohali court on Saturday for misuse of his official position, did not resign till late Sunday evening, hoping for a reprieve from higher courts, where he is scheduled to appeal on Monday. He spent the evening in a huddle with his lawyers. Sources close to him said that the minister is scheduled to approach the higher courts.\"He is moving an appeal petition in higher courts. If that is accepted, as he hopes, then he won't have to resign from the cabinet as he is on bail,\" said Prem Singh Chandumajra, senior SAD leader and member of the core committee of SAD.However, SAD leadership is divided about letting Tota Singh remain a minister. \"The opposition will be able to make out a case and substantiate that Akali leadership is teeming with frauds and criminals. After the Bibi Jagir Kaur taint, this can prove costly in the municipal elections, which are just around the corner. The chief minister would be considering this when taking a call in Tota's case,\" said a member of SAD political affairs committee, requesting anonymity.While a Shiromani Akali Dal spokesperson said that \"it was the CM's prerogative if Tota Singh should continue as cabinet minister,\" P S Badal, who is in Delhi, is scheduled to be back in office on Monday. The charges against Tota Singh, of abusing his position for personal gains, which has embarrassed the government, are now likely to find a mention on various political platforms during the MC elections scheduled for next month.Meanwhile, Sunil Jakhar, leader of opposition in the Vidhan Sabha, told TOI, \"The continuous exposure of skeletons in the Badal government's cupboard has put the onus on the chief minister himself. The CM must come clean on the issue of corruption and explain what prompted him to induct Tota Singh, knowing well that the latter faced serious fraud charges.\"Taking a dig at the CM, Jakhar said, \"Tota Singh is confident of the CM's patronage. Otherwise he would not say that he would do as asked for by the CM. The CM would know how many more such casualties he is expecting in his government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027161", "title": "Talent show to draw people to parks", "text": "KOLKATA: Over the weekend Maddox Square has witnessed a unique experiment. A live concert, replete with music, dance and street plays, on Friday - and again on Sunday - drew people in the neighborhood to the park. Dubbed Live-In-Park and helped by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, people witnessed a private initiative aimed at drawing people to this park and providing a platform to budding musicians. What people witnessed was an unique private initiative dubbed Live-In-Park, helped by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, which aimed to bring people to this park and provide a platform for budding musicians.\"Neighbourhoods in Kolkata come alive only during Pujas. But Live-In-Park will give the communities a chance to bond and have fun together as one big family. No government can take care of us. We have to take care of ourselves and this is one such step,\" said Avik Saha, founder of the Live-In series.Live-In-Park is a new addition to the concept which will have internationally acclaimed small-time musicians, dancers and theatre artists showcasing their talents. There are about 600 unutilized and little known parks in Kolkata. The concept, the organisers say, will help recapture public spaces and build up some civic sense along with promoting awareness about the environment.Sunday was just the beginning that saw with , as music band Ashmaan, baul-singer Kartik Das Baul and dance troupe Sappire Creations set the stage on fire between took the stage from 6pm to 8pm, this was only a start. More such programmes have been are planned during May. It will be held once one day a week.With an aim to widen the spectrum of new music and dance available to the community, it will promote all genres of music and dance - Western Classical, Western Folk, Jazz, Fusion and New Age music. \"We source the artists through our network. who will be showcasing their potential in these programmes. On Friday, street children performed Kathak,\" said Douglas R. David, Director Operations at Calcutta Classical Guitar Society, which is bringing in the artists.The next such programme in Maddox Square is scheduled on May 12. The other phases will be coming up soon after May.\"This is 'first-of-a-kind' concept. We hope there will be a good turnout this year too. The trend is changing and people are no more interested in being mere spectators. They want to take part too,\" said Bickram Ghosh , musician who has also conceptualised the Live-In-Park eventconcept. So, it's time for the para people to gear up to enjoy weekend programmes at their community parks. for their own community programme from. weekend evenings from tomorrow.For years, almost all the public parks in the city have seen no improvement and remain a home for the poor. They also provide shelter to many anti-socialselements too.\"Drug-peddlers and goons often operate from such parks which have been long neglected by the police and the residents. Live-In-Park will put an end to all this as the para people will bring back life to these parks,\" said Banani Kakkar of PUBLIC (People United for Better Living in Calcutta), an NGO which has partnered up with Live-In series to kick-start this innovative phenomenon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027156", "title": "Tight security ring for Hillary visit", "text": "KOLKATA: The city virtually turned into a fortress as US secretary of state Hillary Clinton flew down to the city on Sunday, the first day of her three-day tour to the country.The special military aircraft C-32 carrying Clinton and her entourage landed at Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport at 12.55pm. The delegates were received by administrative reforms department secretary Indivar Pandey and undersecretary Saurav Chaki at the airport. US Ambassador to India, Nancy J Powell, accompanied Hillary.Within 10 minutes, the former US first lady was whisked away by her securitymen in a steel-blue bulletproof land cruiser and her convoy of 27 vehicles left the airport's international terminal Gate No. 5 amidst tight security. Large contingents of policemen lined the streets all along her route from the airport to Taj Bengal where Hillary and her entourage have been put up.Several traffic restrictions were imposed along the way to ensure smooth passage for the convoy. All vehicles coming from Jessore Road and from the Ultadanga-end of VIP Road were stopped till the convoy entered Rajarhat's main arterial road after leaving the airport.The convoy then took EM Bypass at the Chingrihata crossing, cruised along the bypass and skirted the Parama Island junction to take the Rashbehari connector from Ruby island junction. It moved down Rashbehari Avenue, via Hazra crossing and Kalighat, passed very close to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's residence, took Command Road before reaching Taj Bengal at 1.50pm. Both vehicular and pedestrian traffic movement was restricted en route.All vehicles entering the hotel were thoroughly checked by security personnel. Pedestrian movement on the pavements near the hotel was also restricted. Traffic movement was blocked on the approaches to Alipore Road.Hillary started from the hotel again at 4.25pm to first reach the Indian Council for Cultural Relations and then to Victoria Memorial, from where she returned to the hotel at 6.10pm.The C-37 is a military version of the Gulfstream V business jet which Hillary Clinton uses while she travels on her own. The Gulfstream V is the first aircraft of its kind, capable of cruising at altitudes up to about 51,000 feet, high above most other air traffic, weather and adverse winds.A typical C-37 mission plane ables to fly 5,500 nautical miles without refueling. The plane carries US cabinet secretaries, congressional delegations and other senior military leaders. The key to the aircraft's performance is its state-of-the-art wing design, improved aerodynamics and powerful engines. The airframe is capable of low-speed, high-lift performance, high-altitude maneuverability and turbulence tolerance. The C-37 plane is being moved by a BMW or Rolls-Royce BR710-48 engine at a cruising speed of about 600 miles per hour.Currently, there are three C-37s stationed at MacDill AFB, FL, two at Andrews AFB, MD, and one at Chievres, Belgium.The C-37 A's come equipped with a number of features not found on any other business jets. The avionics system is a state-of-the-art Honeywell SPZ-8500 flight management system (FMS) with an integrated full-function heads-up display (HUD) and is also equiped with enhanced ground proximity warning system (GPWS), a microwave landing system and a military identification friend/foe (IFF) transponder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13031279", "title": "De Villiers lauds openers for laying the foundation of chase", "text": "BANGALORE: AB de Villiers might have turned out to be the hero for Royal Challengers Bangalore in their five-wicket win over Deccan Chargers, but the South African instead lavished praise on openers Tillakaratne Dilshan and Chris Gayle for setting up the platform for the run chase.Scorecard | Watch HighlightsDe Villiers, who scored a whirlwind 47 not out off just 17 balls, helped RCB score 72 runs in the last 3.5 overs to overhaul Deccan's stiff target of 182 with seven balls to spare.But de Villiers said if not for the 64-ball 91-run opening stand between Dilshan and Gayle, chasing the target would have been next to impossible.\"We collapsed a few times in the IPL before. So we needed our openers to build a foundation to launch a blitz right at the end which they did, and luckily I was there in the end to do the job,\" he said at the post-match press conference last night.De Villiers also credited young Mayank Agarwal for scoring quick 18 runs off just 6 balls, which according to him set the tone for the chase towards the end.\"Some of the players around me played amazing knocks. Mayank, above all, pushed the button by hitting two sixes and a boundary. He took risks even before I did. His knock set the game perfectly for me to finish off,\" he said.De Villiers, however, considered himself lucky to rip apart countryman Dale Steyn in the 18th over, which cost Deccan a whopping 23 runs.He said overheard Deccan skipper Kumar Sangakkara's communication to Steyn before the start of the over, which helped him to mould his game accordingly.\"Luckily I heard Sangakkara communicating to Steyn to bowl short of length at me, and I maneuvered my stroke accordingly. From then on I knew Dale would bowl fuller and played my strokes in anticipation,\" he said.\"However, Steyn is a world class player and could have knocked me over at any moment, but it wasn't quite the night tailored for him. It was my night and I did it to perfection,\" de Villiers added.De Villiers said he played according to a gameplan when he walked on to the pitch with the team still needing 80-odd runs off just 48 balls to win.\"I would like to be a guy who can adjust to different situations. I read the situation and knew we had to score 80-odd runs off 48 balls and I played accordingly. My gameplan paid off tonight,\" the South African said.Despite scripting a tremendous win for his side, de Villiers was is no mood to bask in the glory as he feels there was a lot of work to be done to ensure RCB's place in the play offs.\"It is not over yet, we have a long way to go. This win has given us the required momentum, but we have to play some good cricket in the upcoming games. We still have to work on our bowling, fielding and batting,\" he said.De Villiers also could not stop admiring Sri Lankan spin wizard Muttiah Muralitharan for keeping the team's spirits high even if he was not playing.\"Murali is probably the most valuable player in the IPL. He is a great man to have in the squad. He keeps our attitudes positive whether he is playing or not and that's a great quality in him. I learnt many things from him,\" he said.Meanwhile, a disappointed Deccan skipper Sangakkara said he expected a more spirited effort from his bowlers to wrap up the game for the team.\"I thought 181 for two was a good score even if it was tough to defend. We should have wrapped up the game after getting wickets in death overs. We needed to hit yorkers, bowl straight and according to plan. We committed far too many mistakes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027458", "title": "Children join hands against AIDS stigma", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 6,000 children from 22 schools of the city joined hands to stamp their protest against any kind of discrimination towards people living with HIV/AIDS. In less than 15 minutes, they created a Guinness record by making the world's longest red ribbon measuring 1,005.7 metres made by hand prints.In this way, they broke the record made by children in New York , who made 408.55-metrelong red ribbon. Experts from Unicef , which supported the event along with UP State Aids Control Society, said that children living with HIV/AIDS bore the maximum brunt of stigma. \"HIV progresses rapidly in children.About 50% of them die within two years of the life without treatment. Those who survive initial two years of life face many challenges. Often they are orphaned at a young age and after the death of the father, the mother and children are forced out of the family by the in-laws. They are ostracised in the community, in school, hospital and other service delivery points,\" they said.According to UP SACS, UP is a highly vulnerable to HIV and AIDS. Even though the prevalence of HIV has stabilised at a low level in the population, there are many factors, which make its population highly vulnerable. There are large migrant populations from the entire state. Most of the persons living with HIV and AIDS in the state are either current or returning migrants or their family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028848", "title": "Make city free of sickle cell, NGO to Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: In the last financial year, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had declared that it wished to make the city free of sickle cell disease (SCD). Yet, the efforts of the civic authorities to fulfill the promise do not seem to satisfy activists.Out of the 24 lakh citizens of the orange city, around 20,000 suffer from sickle cell disease while 4 lakh are carriers of the disease. The disease that was earlier limited to a few communities or sections of the society has surpassed these limitations, making its presence felt equally among rich and poor, villagers and city dwellers, illiterates and well-educated. This is what drove the NMC to allocate a fund of Rs 20 lakh for activities of making people aware of the disease, screening centres and other provisions for patients and carriers.\"Way back in 2008 when Anil Sole was leader of the ruling party, he had announced that the civic authority would begin a survey to determine the population groups most affected by the disease. Now that he has risen to the position of mayor, we expect much more from him for the benefit of SCD patients,\" said Sampat Ramteke, president of the city-based NGO Sickle Cell Society of India.He said that many experts in the field like Dr Dipti Jain of Government Medical College and Hospital, Dr Anuradha Shrikhande of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital, paediatrician Dr Uday Bodhankar, haematologist Dr Avinash Pophali and homoeopath Dr Vilas Dangre are available in the city whose expertise can be utilized by the civic body. These doctors can train other doctors as well as health workers and corporators in ways of dealing with the disease through workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033945", "title": "Peru honours singer Tania Libertad for 50-year career", "text": "Peruvian Foreign Minister Rafael Roncagliolo has awarded the Order of Merit for Distinguished Service to singer Tania Libertad for her 50-year artistic career.In a ceremony at the presidential palace in Lima, Roncagliolo pinned the medal on the famed Peruvian artist, who has lived for more than 30 years in Mexico and received a Grammy Award for her lifetime musical career in 2009.\"To be honored by my country not only moves me deeply but also makes me a very privileged person,\" the singer told guests at the palace.Tania Libertad, 59, said that though she has not been physically in Peru for many years, it was always in her heart and in her roots.\"I began this wonderful vocation when I was a very little girl. Music has been my whole life and I had the luck to always have great creative people around me, great artists who taught me to stay on the right road,\" she said.The artist, who will give a concert in Lima next week, said that spreading the \"wonderful culture of Peru\" will continue to be her priority.Throughout her artistic career, the singer has shared the spotlight with such stars as Armando Manzanero , Miguel Bose , Pablo Milanes, Vicente Fernandez and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028841", "title": "Congress names Vilasrao\u2019s brother for council polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh might be on the backfoot due to a number of court judgments slamming his decisions but it hasn't reduced his clout in the party , On Sunday , the Congress announced that it has decided to re-nominate Dilip Deshmukh , Vilasrao's brother , to the legislative council . If elected, this would be Dilip's third term as MLC. The other Cong candidate for the legislative council polls is Rahul Pugalia , son of former Congress MP Naresh Pugalia .Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre made the announcement about the two candidates on Sunday . While Dilip Deshmukh's name is for the Beed-L atur-Osmanabad seat , Rahul has been nominated for the Chandrapur-Wardha-G adchiroli seat . According to Congresssources ,Dilip will not find it hard to retain his seat as Ajit Pawar of the NCP has promised support for him .The Congress and NCP are contesting the polls together . The NCP has announced candidatures of Anil Tatkare for the Raigad-R atnagiri-S indhudurg local bodies and Jayant Jadhav for the Nashik local bodies' seat .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028495", "title": "Residents snap at long delay in power resumption", "text": "INDORE: Residents in many parts of the city faced problem on account of power outage after heavy rains that lashed the city last evening. Gulmarg Nagar area was the worst hit, where the power supply was cut by the state government-owned MP Western Region Power Distribution Company (discom) after a tree fell on an electricity wire.The power supply, which was snapped last evening, could be resumed in the area only in afternoon on Sunday. When enquired, an official of the Tilak Nagar office of the discom told ToI that the power supply in most of the areas like Saket and Gulmohar Nagar was resumed last evening itself. But it took some time for to do the same in case of a particular complaint which was lodged from a consumer in the Gulmarg Colony, he said.As for the delay, after the repairing of the high-tension wire in the first phase, it became possible only to resume the power supply in the Gulmarg area, the discom officer said.However, those living in the area complained that there was no one from the discom to hear their woes for ong time and even the officials concerned had switched off their phones, causing lots of troubles to them.In a similar case, the power supply has still not fully resumed in Azad Nagar area. Employees of the power house spent the night partying and boozing and did not bother to attend any of the complaints, source said. When contacted, a staff of the power house of Azad Nagar said power supply was restored in half of cases, the work was going on in the remaining cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031792", "title": "Ayaan Mukherjee's dilemma", "text": "Ayaan Mukherjee is in a fix! The director does not know whether he should go ahead with a love making scene between Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone who were going steady once upon a time.A unit source revealed, \"The love making scene is very crucial part of the script. But Ayaan is in two minds whether he should actually go ahead with it or not. He does not want the situation to become awkward between his lead actors. He is also contemplating to do away with the scene altogether.\"It may be known that Mukherjee is currently shooting for 'Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani' with Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone who were serious about each other once upon a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13027318", "title": "Fresh plans to give fillip to minorities", "text": "With a record Plan allocation of Rs 3,135 crore for the financial year 2012-13, the Union ministry of minority affairs has earmarked higher outlays to the tune of Rs 2,972 crore for the existing 12 schemes. The ministry has proposed to launch nine new schemes with token outlays of Rs 163 crore during the year.Among the new schemes is one for providing interest subsidy on educational loans for overseas studies for students belonging to minority communities. Another scheme for providing free bicycles for girl students of Class IX is proposed for bridging the gap between the minority community and other communities at the secondary and higher education levels. One of the reasons for not sending girls to secondary schools is the lack of means of transport from the place of residence to schools which are located at a greater distance compared to primary and middle schools. A new scheme is also proposed for extending support for students clearing prelims conducted by Union Public Service Commission, Staff Selection Commission and State Public Service Commissions. Candidates from minority communities who qualify in preliminary examinations conducted by the service commissions would be assisted with a view to improving their representation in government services.The ministry has proposed another major scheme for promotion of education in 100 minority concentration towns/cities. Under this scheme, minority students will be imparted education, including skill and vocational education for empowering them. Village development programme is mooted for villages not covered by minority concentration blocks (MCBs)/ minority concentration districts (MCDs). This is a new scheme to address the development needs for 1,000 villages inhabited by minority communities but falling outside the selected minority concentration districts. Another scheme for support to districts level institution in MCDs is proposed for extending financial support for setting up and running district level institutions for minority welfare in Minority Concentration Districts.A novel scheme for containing population decline of Parsis, a minority community, is also on the anvil. The population of Parsis declined from 1,14,000 in 1941 to 69,000 in 2001 as per the census. With a view to arrest the diminishing population of Parsis, the ministry proposes to assist the community.A scheme for strengthening of state wakf boards is proposed to be implemented. Under the scheme, grants-in-aid are proposed to be provided for strengthening the boards as most of them lack resources to function effectively.Maiden allocations for these new schemes include Rs 50 crore each for educational development in 100 minority concentrated towns and village development, Rs 25 crore for strengthening district-level institutions, Rs 20 crore for skills development, Rs 5 crore each for strengthening of wakf boards and provision of bicycles to girl students, Rs 4 crore for assisting candidates for appearing for competitive exams of UPSC and state public service commissions and Rs 2 crore each for interest subsidy for pursuing studies overseas and for containing the population decline of Parsis.( The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and a journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028655", "title": "Dilapidated Durga Ghat awaits better days", "text": "VARANASI: When one walks towards Panch Ganga Ghat on the northern side of Ganga, it is difficult to not notice the steep and broken stairs of Durga Ghat, one of the important ghats in the city. Ironically, while Panch Ganga Ghat managed to attract the attention of the tourism department, which had undertaken its renovation about three years ago, the ghat adjacent to it (Durga Ghat) has been left to its fate.When TOI visited the twin ghats on Sunday, it found that the area between Panch Ganga and Durga Ghat has been turned into a dumping place for waste and garbage. A number of stone slabs along the mud houses (used as changing rooms) were found to be broken and removed at various points, giving a shoddy look to these structures. The stairs along the platforms were also found to be broken. Further, the containers used for dumping waste at the ghats have holes in the bottom owing to corrosion. Even, the drains and cemented pipes meant to flush out water from the ghat were broken at many points.Notably, the Panch Ganga Ghat was among the seven prominent ghats to witness renovation under a mega project undertaken by the Tourism department in 2008-09. As part of the project, funds worth Rs 7.86 crore were to be spent on beautification of 10 prominent kunds and 14 bylanes leading to ghats. Stone slabs were used to construct and repair 'pucca' stairs, besides forming the platforms. Iron grills and cemented 'chataris' were also constructed.However, according to Bachchelal Yadav, a septuagenarian resident of the area, Durga Ghat was completely overlooked, as the neighbouring Panch Ganga Ghat hogged the attention during the beautification drive. The contrasting condition of the two neighbouring ghats is there for all to see.While the pucca stairs and platform of Panch Ganga Ghat are still intact, the mud-laden stairs of Durga Ghat make it difficult for the visitors to reach the Ganga for a holy dip. The erosion of staircases and broken slabs do not attract attention anymore, as devotees are used to such conditions, added a caretaker who looks after the stone-carved temples of different deities located at the platform of the ghat.As per Kailash Nath Pandey, one of the priests at Durga Ghat, devotees throng the ghat to worship Brahmacharini, the second of the nine incarnations of goddess Durga, during the auspicious Shardiya and Chaitra Navratra, a nine-day festivity falling twice a year. Thus, the ghat has religious significance and can't be overlooked when it comes to need for renovation.According to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, \"Panch Ganga Ghat was the last in the series of six renovated ghats. The work at Raj Ghat was not done due to a stay order of the court. However, as Durga Ghat was not among the seven ghats selected for renovation, no work was done there. As of now, the department has no plans to take up the renovation work at any of the ghats.\"Clearly, the Durga Ghat has a long wait ahead before it sees better days.The contrasting condition of the two neighbouring ghats is there for all to see. While the pucca stairs and platform of Panch Ganga Ghat are still intact, the mud-laden stairs of Durga Ghat make it difficult for the visitors to reach the Ganga for a holy dip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029295", "title": "Kids and their moms party with ice-creams", "text": "If elders have a right to party and binge on their favourite food and beverages, what would the kids wish to do? Fun Club, an activity-based pre-school, thought about its tiny tots and organized an ice-cream party, 'Fun In Sun', for them at a Sarabha Nagar based ice-cream parlour. The school invited mothers along with their kids to celebrate the spirit of Mother's Day on the occasion.Moms participated along with their kids in various games such as tasting the correct ice-cream flavour being blindfolded and decorating ice-cream with gems and other toppings. The presence of grandmothers along with the mothers made the event all the more interesting.Twins Ryansh and Kiran from BRS Nagar came along with their maternal grandmother Ritu Arora and paternal grandmother Ashu Puniani. The grandmothers were of the view that toddlers learn a lot through practical knowledge during such activities.Gurdev Nagar resident Alvira's maternal grandmother Rita Thapar said, \"I wish there were such activities during my time as well.'' Namya Dhir of South City was dressed up as walkie talkie ice-cream. Her mother Payal Dhir said it is fun to dress-up her little daughter for such events as she feels special. Ghumar Mandi resident Shivani Jain, mother of Vania, said Fun Club rocked and left her with memorable moments. Tagore Nagar resident Abeer's mom Tanya Malhotra said she enjoyed the event of placing toppings on ice-creams the most. Sarabha Nagar resident Amira's mom Ankita Purthi said such competitions improve the coordination between kids and mothers. Fun Club director Sheetal Khosla of Gurdev Nagar said kids learn better when they are happy and that is what this event aimed at.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027181", "title": "Centre agrees to consider locating NCTC out of Intelligence Bureau", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre appears to have buckled under pressure from chief ministers on the National Counter Terrorism Centre, acceding to their demand to place the proposed anti-terror agency outside the purview of the Intelligence Bureau.\"I did not propose that the NCTC should be located in the IB. In fact, the new security architecture was certainly more ambitious but did not propose that it should be located in the IB,\" home minister P Chidambaram said at the conclusion of the day-long consultation of chief ministers on NCTC on Saturday.He said that it was finally decided to locate it in the IB because the GoM which made its recommendations in 2001 named the IB as India's nodal counter-terrorism agency. \"A number of speakers who pointed out that we must have an NCTC, asked why it should be located in the IB? Certainly, this matter deserves re-examination and we will certainly re-examine it,\" the home minister said.He said he had come to the meeting with an open mind for the discussion on NCTC which he termed as extremely important in order to face the threat of terrorism to the country. \"We will give serious attention to both those who strongly supported the proposal and those who suggested that it should be rejected outright,'' the minister said.Advocating an agency like NCTC, he said the country had intelligence agencies like IB and investigating agencies like NIA. \"Between intelligence agencies and investigative agencies under the traditional system of administration of law and order, we have the police but my experience in this job for the last three and a half years tells me that what we need is not simply a police organization; what we need is a counter-terrorism organization,\" he said.Addressing another key concern, the minister said both the draft SOPs and the rules were for exceptional conditions.The home minister said that failure in terror cases had been mainly because of lack of timely decisions and lack of capacity. \"Each case of failure contains within it the potential of another terrorist attack, therefore, we cannot afford to fail. The adversary can fail 99 out of 100 times but the state, the governments, cannot afford to fail even once out of hundred times,\" he said and added that is why it was important to get over these weaknesses.\"We think the NCTC or any other organization or any similar organization will fill this gap. But I recognize that a number of speakers are not still satisfied and they want more safeguards on this and those who gave qualified support are not satisfied with the safeguards that are built in. So this requires greater reflection,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026909", "title": "Cops yet to file chargesheet against Saif in assault case", "text": "MUMBAI: More than two months after actor Saif Ali Khan , businessman Shakeel Ladak and producer Bilal Amrohi were booked for assaulting a South African businessman at a five-star restaurant, the Colaba police are yet to file a chargesheet in the matter.Investigating officer of the case, inspector R Vhawel, told TOI the police were still probing all the charges against the trio. \"Our investigation is not yet complete so there is no question of filing a chargesheet. We are calling eyewitnesses who were present in the restaurant and are recording their statements. It is a sensitive case and we have to crosscheck and verify all accounts,\" he said, adding that . He refused to elaborate on the nature of the investigations but added that medical documents provided by the complainant, Iqbal Meer Sharma, and statements of the hotel's staff are vital evidence.In case the accused is denied bail by the court by the court when he is arrested, the police are obligated to file the chargesheet within 60 days lest the accused becomes eligible for bail. In this case, the police are not bound by the deadline as the trio was granted interim bail within an hour of arrest.On February 23{+r}{+d}, the Colaba police had arrested Khan, Ladak and Amrohi for assaulting South African businessman Iqbal Meer Sharma and his 69 year old father-in-law the previous night at the Wasabi restaurant in Taj. Later, Khan had filed an application with the police, leveling counter allegations against Sharma. No case was registered against him since Khan was unable to furnish any medical evidence. Sharma left for South Africa two days later, maintaining their family would not opt for an out of court settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gobind nagar", "code": "13029279", "title": "Coming forward to donate blood", "text": "GOBIND NAGAR: Many residents came forward to donate blood at a camp organized by Akhil Bhartiya Sri Sanghmeshwar Sewa Dal, Ludhiana branch, at Gurdwara Singh Sabha in Gobind Nagar, here, on Sunday. The blood donation camp was held on the occasion of 72nd birth anniversary of Anant Shri Vibhushit Mahant Ganga Puri Ji Maharaj, the dal leader.D K Puri, president, Ludhiana branch of Sri Sanghmeshwar Sewa Dal, said, \"Residents and the dal members donated 98 units of blood. Mahant Ganga Puri Ji Maharaj, another leader of the dal, blessed the blood donors and encouraged people to participate in such activities.''\"A team of doctors from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), led by Dr Amarjit Kaur, professor and head of blood transfusion department, supervised the camp. It concluded with the dal members taking a pledge to organize more such camps, especially for thalassemic children,'' he added.Sushma Singh, 24, who is pursuing masters in veterinary sciences at GADVASU, said, \"I donated blood for the first time... it was a good experience. I think everyone should participate in this noble cause.''Gurdeep Singh, 33, of New Prem Nagar said, \"This is the third time that I donated blood. One should come forward for it to save precious lives.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027056", "title": "Speeding, lack of lane discipline cause fatalities", "text": "MUMBAI: Why do vehicles tend to go out of control on the expressway? Speeding, lack of lane discipline and the absence of wider roads are the major reasons for serious accidents.Chief engineer of MSRDC and in-charge of the Mumbai-Pune expressway, Arun Deodhar, said lack of lane discipline and speeding are responsible for a large number of fatal mishaps. \"If you strictly adhere to road discipline and restrict speed to 80 kmph, mishaps will not take place. Even if they do happen, they will be less serious than those caused at high speed,\" he pointed out. There have been close to 1,900 mishaps and over 500 deaths on the expressway since its inception in 2001.\"The late on the extreme right is meant for overtaking whereas the middle lane is for smaller vehicles. Heavy vehicles are supposed to take the lane on the extreme left. After overtaking, cars and trucks should come back to the middle and extreme-left lanes respectively, but this does not happen resulting in mishaps,\" said Deodhar, explaining the kind of indiscipline observed by the maintenance agency on the e-way.Deodhar said the speed of vehicles on the concretised expressway should be under control as high speed creates friction between the tyre and the road, resulting in heating of tyres beyond requisite levels. \"This eventually leads to tyre deflation, ultimately causing serious mishaps. In the past four years, such mishaps have considerably increased,\" he said. Deodhar also emphasized the need to levy stringent spot fines on those breaking traffic rules to achieve better discipline. \"People pay the negligible fine and then again speed up,\" he pointed out.Regular traveler and businessman Harish Lodha, who has an establishment located along the expressway near Lonavala, said most mishaps take place in the 20 km hilly or 'ghat' section of the highway between Khopoli and Lonavala. The reason, an engineer with the expressway maintenance team explained, was that the four-lane old Mumbai-Pune highway and the new six-lane expressway were merged in this section to form only a six-lane road instead of a 10-lane road. \"This results in taxis, autos, bikes, cars and trucks from both roads running on to the same stretch, leading to congestion and thus ultimately increasing chances of mishaps at high speed,\" said Lodha.Deodhar said to separate the expressway and the old highway on this stretch, the state has planned to build a separate tunnel between Khopoli and Lonavala which would not only segregate traffic but also save another half an hour. \"The new tunnel will be 12 km long and save another 8 to 10 km of the expressway traffic. The blueprint of the Rs 3,000-crore project is ready, but the environmental nod is yet to come from the Centre,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13027229", "title": "Take us lightly at your peril, warns Dravid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It takes a lot for a smile to appear on Rahul Dravid's face. There was just a hint of it after Rajasthan notched up a convincing 43-run win over Punjab, on Saturday night. After four defeats on the trot, the win came as a big relief and revived the hopes of his team.With their campaign back on track, Dravid said that opposition could take his team lightly only at their peril. \"We have shown that we are a team to be taken seriously, even though not many had given us much of a chance,\" insisted the veteran.Rajasthan are now fifth on the table with 10 points from 11 games, and Dravid is optimistic about his team making it to the play-offs. \"We are happy with the underdogs tag. We have been playing good cricket, barring in the previous game against Delhi.In every game we have been competitive. Had we got across the line in the two matches we lost off the last ball against Chennai and Delhi, we would have been comfortably placed. Anyhow, with five games to go, I hope we can get on a roll and win a couple of games on the road. If you lose a game here on, it will become difficult. Hopefully, we will keep up the good work and qualify for the eliminators.\"\"We knew had we lost the game, we'd have made it very tough for ourselves. It's nice be back into the middle of the table. A lot of big teams are out there and much bigger names than us,\" Dravid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027300", "title": "Passengers safe, but all shook up", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"All I remember was a loud thud and the entire bus just shook and it came to a halt. Everybody screamed and rushed to get out of the vehicle,\" says M Kaleeswari (45), a woman passenger in the government bus which almost toppled into a dry canal, at the observation room of a private hospital here in the city.She was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance after suffering a panic attack. In a state of deep shock she was talking incoherently to herself after she got off the bus. She was rushed to the nearest private hospital for treatment.\"She seems to be suffering from anxiety and panic. She is stable and we have not admitted her. She is just placed under observation and we will send her home soon,\" said Dr S Shankar, KJ Hospital on Palakkad main road.Kaleeswari was seated next to the driver and was pressed to the windshield of the bus when it tilted to one side after it rammed into the milestone. She also added that she lost her balance while trying to get off the vehicle and almost got trampled. However, the hospital authorities claimed that she has no internal or external injuries.\"We are lucky that nothing happened to my mother. She got into the bus from Chavadi Pudhur and was going to visit her brother in Kuniamuthur when the incident occurred,\" said M Premnath, her son working at a private firm in the city.Residents claimed that the length of the road was not wide enough to accommodate two-way traffic. \"At least four buses have been close to meeting a similar fate along this particular stretch on the Palakkad main road. There is no other option but to widen the road,\" said S Dharmalingam, a resident.The road is presently with the national highways department but is expected to be handed over to the state highways control in the coming days.The state highways department has proposed to make the Palakkad main road into a four lane route and has submitted a proposal for the project after the road is officially handed over to their control.\"We have submitted a detailed project report for four laning the Palakkad main road from Aathupalam till it joins the L&T; bypass. It is a Rs 9 crore project which will cover the cost of constructing the central median too,\" said a senior state highways official.Residents claimed that the length of the road was not wide enough to accommodate two-way traffic", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13028324", "title": "Land grabbers attack ASI staff, threaten them", "text": "HUBLI: In a bid to prevent protection of monuments, a group of people attacked the staff of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and damaged their camera when they were on duty at the Ramaling tank and Hassan Gulzar tomb, both of them being centrally protected monuments, near dargah on the outskirt of the city.In a complaint filed by Ganapati Eshwar Jadhav, who is working as monument preservator, Adarsha Nagar police registered case under seven IPC Sections-- 143 (Unlawful assembly), 147 (Guilty of rioting), 353 (Assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 504 (Intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 506 (Criminal intimidation), 427 (Damage to the government property and 149 (Unlawful assembly guilty of offence committed in prosecution of common object).According to the complaint, the accused have been identified as Altaf Itagi, Mastaq Itagi and others. Official sources said: \" When the ASI staff went to Ramaling Tank for routine keep up of the monument duty on May 1, they found some boards of the ASI were removed by miscreants. When the staff started taking photographs of the removed boards, for record purpose, the accused suddenly came and attacked them and damaged their camera. Apart from abusing the ASI staff, the accused had also threatened them with death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026263", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to rationalise octroi to address traders' grievances", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has proposed to rationalise its octroi rates, following a demand made by small scale industrialists and traders. The move is expected to reduce complaints, grievances and litigations of the traders. A proposal for the same will come up for discussion at the law committee meeting of the municipal corporation on Monday.At present there are there are 16 different rates charged by the octroi department for 86 types of registrations under octroi rules of the PCMC. Disputes occur due to the different rates. Also, court cases occur due to which large amounts of octroi cannot be actually collected.In its proposal, the octroi department has stated that octroi on essential goods will be in the range of 1 to 3%. Octroi on non-essential goods will be in the range of 2.6 to 5%. And, octroi on various other items have also been listed in the new proposal.Ashok Munde, assistant commissioner and chief of octroi department, PCMC, said, \"Rationalisation of octroi rates will reduce the disputes between the civic body and the traders which will in turn reduce the court cases. It will also reduce the discretionary powers of the octroi officials and employees.\"He added, \"The civic body will suffer a loss of around Rs 70 to 75 crore due to the rationalisation of octroi rates.\"\"The octroi on steel and iron items will increase from 2.25% to 2.60% after rationalisation. Octroi on glass, tiles and machinery is expected to reduce from 3.5% to 2.60% percent,\" he said.Munde said, \"The rationalisation proposal will first be discussed by the law committee. It will then come up before the standing committee and the civic general body (GB). Suggestions and objections will be invited from citizens after the approval of the GB. A hearing will be held on the suggestions and objections received. The proposal will then be sent to the state government for final approval.\"Traders and industrialists of Pimpri-Chinchwad had carried out major agitations in the past against the increase in octroi rates.They had demanded rationalisation of the rates.Nitin Bankar, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Small Industries Association (PCSSIA) said, \"The small industries in Pimpri-Chinchwad have to pay 3% more for raw materials as compared to those from Chakan, Ranjangaon and other areas.The big industries in Talegaon, Chakan and other areas in the state do not give contracts to small industries in Pimpri-Chinchwad as our rates are higher than others due to the octroi. Also, the octroi payment process is too complicated. As a result we have demanded rationalization. The octroi should also be abolished as there is no octroi in other states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028831", "title": "Teacher held for nine-year-old's molestation", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police on Sunday arrested a 24-year-old man for allegedly molesting two students (aged 9 and 11) at their residence where gave them tuitions. The incident came to the fore at Panchasheel Nagar.Accused Murlidhar Kaikade made sexual advances towards the students when their mother had gone to attend a wedding. The girls shared their harrowing experiences with their mother. The teacher allegedly molested them and threatened them of dire consequences. The girls mother raised an alarm and residents thronged the residence of Kaikade who resided in the neighbourhood.Pachpaoli police was informed about the incident. Kaikade was brought to the police station where he was placed under arrest. The cops also recorded the statement of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13033024", "title": "54 missing Indian soldiers in Pak's custody: Defence minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister AK Antony on Monday told Lok Sabha that 54 missing Indian military personnel of the 1965 and 1971 wars are believed to be in Pakistan's custody.India has repeatedly taken up the issue with Pakistan but it does not acknowledge any such personnel in its custody.\"A delegation of 14 relatives of missing defence personnel also visited 10 jails in Pakistan from June 1 to 14, 2007, but could not conclusively confirm the physical presence of any missing defence personnel,\" he said.\"The families of these missing personnel have been given liberalized pension and rehabilitation benefits as per extant rules,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026863", "title": "Two aircraft on runway", "text": "MUMBAI: In a runway incursion at the city airport, a SpiceJet aircraft entered the runway even as a Jet Airways plane was yet to vacate it on Sunday. According to Times Now, Spice Jet Boeing 737 did not have permission to enter runway 27 as the Jet plane was yet to move out. The Spice plane moved from taxiway N3 into the runway.An Air India aircraft was waiting along taxiway N4 for its turn to enter the runway, even as the two planes were on the runway. But an MIAL spokesperson said the air traffic control had not informed them about it. ATC officials were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026239", "title": "Centre wants civic bodies to be more people-centric", "text": "PUNE: The central government has directed the urban local governing bodies to be more people-centric and evolve mechanisms to address the issues raised by citizens. The central government has emphasised that community participation would be one of the critical components of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) phase-II to seek funds for infrastructure development.\"In the recent meeting to discuss the JNNURM phase-II, the central government's urban development department and its minister Kamal Nath , made it clear that public participation would play a critical role in JNNURM. Municipal corporations would have to involve citizens in drafting the plan and actual execution. The second phase of the JNNURM would be more focused on public participation,\" said a senior civic official in the Pune Municipal Corporation, adding that the PMC would plan comprehensive programme for public participation.The PMC is likely to seek central government funds for implementation of the ambitious metro railway project and housing infrastructure, as well as funds for the completion of the storm water drain network under the (JNNURM) phase II.The central government in its recent communique to urban local bodies has stated: \"The World Bank in its study 'Synthesis Study of Public Financial Management and Accountability (PFMA) in Urban Local Bodies (ULBs)' of March 2007, has mentioned that most ULBs and state legislations in the country need to be more people-centric and need to evolve to focus on compliance, and that issues relating staffing pattern and standardisation in most ULBs is required to be addressed adequately.\"\"The government of India is already seized of the matter and is addressing these issues through various initiatives and schemes like the JNNURM, capacity building scheme for ULBs, service level benchmarks for the water and sanitation section and e-governance, national urban sanitation policy, etc. Community participation is one of the critical components of the JNNURM,\" states the communique.The government had constituted a high-powered expert committee under the chairmanship of Isher Judge Ahluwalia for estimating investment requirements for urban infrastructure services for a 20-year period. It has also stressed on capacity building of the urban local bodies. A committee under the chairmanship of Arun Maira, member, planning commission, was constituted on September 15, 2011 to recommend the structure of the next phase of the JNNURM.JNNURM's take on public participationIt is essential to provide an identity to citizens in urban areas for participation in the process of decision-making and implementation. Creation of participatory structures at city, sub-city and area level, with enabling environment for their functioning through legal and operational aspects should precede the preparation of the city development plan.There should be an arrangement upfront with necessary funding and other support. The NGOs, voluntary organisations and citizens' groups need to play a key role in mobilising public opinion to put in place the required reform.Grassroots participation in the decision-making process is the cornerstone of local governance. As of now, apart from representative democratic institutions at the city level, there is no formal structure for the people to participate directly.( Source: JNNURM, government of India)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028650", "title": "Gang preying on tourists nabbed", "text": "PANAJI: A minor boy, who is the leader of a gang which robs tourists by promising to take them to popular discotheques in the Calangute-Baga belt, was arrested along with four others by the Calangute police for robbing a hardware engineer from Bangalore of cash and items worth about 2.6 lakh in Candolim.The complainant, Akash Dubey Gowda, 41, said that he was drunk and standing outside a popular restaurant in Baga when four accused persons approached him and started interacting with him in a friendly manner. They told him that they would take him to the most popular discotheque in the area. \"They then asked the victim to follow them in his vehicle,\" police said.The accused were on motorbikes and the victim drove his car.\"They took him around the coastal belt and once they reached an isolated spot in Candolim, the accused person asked the victim to stop the car. They forced the victim to alight from his vehicle and assaulted him. They also robbed him of cash worth 10,000, credit and debit cards, mobile phones, an e-notebook, watch and gold chain, all worth about 2.6 lakh and fled. The incident took place at about 1 am.Police said that the accused fled from Goa and went on a holiday to Mahabaleshwar and Panchgani in Maharashtra and it is suspected that they spent the stolen money to pay the room rent.\"They then went to Mumbai, where they disposed off the gold ornaments,\" police said.The arrested persons are Savio Dijan, 19, Adarsh More, 20, Rama Naik, 20, and Edwin Coutinho, 21, all residents of Calangute.The gang leader is a 17-year-old and resident of Candolim.\"They are all students who dropped out of college and act as unofficial tourist guides. During the lean season they rob tourists,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029197", "title": "Greater depth", "text": "INSEAD is launching a Master's programme in finance in April 2013. Tirna Ray reportsINSEAD recently announced the launch of a Master in Finance degree programme, which is aimed at experienced financial industry professionals seeking to advance their competitive and management skills within the financial sector. The programme will be launched on its Asia campus in Singapore in April next year.As to the timing of the new programme, Kristen Lynas, director of specialised degree programmes, says that given the ever-increasing complexity of financial instruments and the continuing globalisation of financial markets, strong quantitative and analytical skills are necessary to make the best business decisions.She adds, \"The demand for Master in Finance programmes has been growing steadily since the financial crisis, but most programmes on the market are targeted towards undergraduate degree holders with little or no work experience. In contrast, this programme is designed for ambitious professionals with a rigorous, postgraduate level curriculum.\"As to what the degree course will offer to candidates in terms of new skills, Lynas says that it will provide a greater depth of finance and accounting skills than you would normally experience in an MBA, while offering the leadership and management education you would not usually find in a traditional finance degree.The curriculum covers a comprehensive range of topics to develop the skills and knowledge necessary to apply finance principles to complex transactions in finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13030990", "title": "Rajinikanth, Deepika Padukone classical dance for Kochadaiyaan!", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth's upcoming film Kochadaiyaan under the direction of his younger daughter Soundarya Rajinikanth is currently in shooting phase. The cast and crew of Kochadaiyaan who had returned from London few weeks back is busy in new schedule which is taking place at Kerala.Now the latest update is that Superstar Rajinikanth and Deepika Padukone danced for a classical number in Trivandrum, Kerala for Kochadaiyaan. Choreographer Saroj Khan has composed the steps for this classical song. As per the makers Rajini and Deepika have rehearsed these dance sequences for three days before commencing the shooting.Kochadaiyaan is expected to be the first Indian 3D film using Motion Capture Technology. The shooting of the film is in brisk pace. Rajinikanth plays a king, a devotee of Lord Shiva role in this film.Jackie Shroff , Rukmani, Shobana, Sarath Kumar, Aadhi and Nasar are playing other lead roles in the movie.AR Rahman is composing music for this film. Eros international and Media One are producing the movie. The film is also expected to release big screens on Japan and China.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027452", "title": "Just 15% aspirants register for AIEEE online option", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely 15% of examinees appearing in the All India Engineering Entrance Examination have evinced their interest in the computerbased test, which will be held at 221 centres in 22 cities between May 7 and May 26. This is despite efforts made by AIEEE authorities to convince students to take up the online mode of examination.Out of around 11.87 lakh candidates registered for the exam, approximately 10.7 lakh candidates registered for the offline exam and only 1.7 lakh candidates have opted for the online mode of examination. This figure has been achieved after AIEEE extended the last date of filling up online application form a couple of times.Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), which conducts AIEEE has introduced the online method of examination last year. The response was negligible, as not even 1% candidates registered for the online exam. The board gave importance to the online examination process after AIEEE paper was leaked in 2011. This year, AIEEE declared 22 cities as online centres including Lucknow, so that more and more candidates may take up the online mode.To attract candidates towards the online mode, AIEEE lured them with extra incentives and also increased the number of online centres. For those registering for the online mode, there was a concession of Rs 300 on the examination fee. Candidates even had the flexibility to chose an exam date as per their convenience and a choice of exam shift was also with the candidate.Figuring out reasons for a poor response for the online examination process, CBSE coordinator, Lucknow, Jawaid Alam Khan said, \"Candidates are apprehensive in switching over to a new pattern. It is a competitive exam where students do not want to take any risk. But the online system is growing gradually. Any new thing takes time to pick up.\"Aditya Kumar, director of an engineering coaching institute said, \"We still have a traditional way of schooling. Students appear in the exam with a pen and paper till class XII. Also, a huge chunk of students from rural areas take up the engineering exam with no exposure to computer education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033171", "title": "Jannat 2 earns Rs 24 crores in opening weekend", "text": "Bhatts' strategy of making moderate-budget films which are strong on drama and content is ensuring them good returns.The success of Jannat had put Emraan Hashmi in the big league in 2008. After that the actor has seen a consistent spate of success with films like Raaz - The Mystery Continues, Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai, Murder 2 and The Dirty Picture . Jannat 2 only cements his position in the industry with the film taking an unprecedented opening.Jannat 2 started on a strong note and performed exceptionally well in single screens where it was primarily targeted. The first weekend collection is Rs 24 crores which is a very good figure for this modest-budgeted film from the Bhatt camp. Bhatts' strategy of making moderate-budget films which are strong on drama and content is ensuring them good returns.The other release of the week, Fatso was lauded for its good story and decent performances but failed to pick up for lack of face value and strong promotions. At best the Ranvir Shorey film will be a hit when it releases on DVD. But theatrical prospects are dull.The coming week sees four releases. Of that Yash Raj Films' Ishaqzaade will be fighting it out with Vikram Bhatt's Dangerous Ishhq on May 11. Coincidentally, exactly a year back, the two banners had clashed with their respective films releasing on the same day. That time Vikram Bhatt's Haunted 3D had an upper hand to Luv Ka The End (which came under Yash Raj's youth banner Y-Films).As of now both films are looking strong. Ishaqzaade is looking hot preposition for Arjun Kapoor's debut and Parineeti Chopra starring as the female lead. Dangerous Ishhq holds promise for being Karisma Kapoor's comeback vehicle and also Vikram Bhatt's expertise in the thriller-horror genre.The other two releases are relatively smaller films. Javed Jaffery-Nandana Sen starrer The Forest is directed by Oscar Award nominated filmmaker Ashvin Kumar. Amol Shetge's Love Recipe is a comedy which introduces some new pair.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Jannat 2Position: 1Director: Kunal DeshmukhCast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Esha GuptaUpside: Good drama between Emraan-Randeep, good music, smart endDownside: Dull love story, predictable plotRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Started on a strong note and performed exceptionally well in single screens. The first weekend collection is Rs 24 crores which is a very good figure for this modest-budgeted film from the Bhatt camp.Film: Vicky DonorPosition: 2Director: Shoojit SircarCast: Ayushmann Khurana, Yaami Gautam, Annu KapoorUpside: Fresh story, brilliant performances, good music, superb humourDownside: Not manyRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Housefull 2Position: 3Director: Sajid KhanCast: Akshay Kumar , Riteish Deshmukh, John Abraham , Mithun ChakravarthyUpside: Akshay Kumar and Ritiesh Deshmukh's impeccable comic timing, entertaining second half, good music, some good funny momentsDownside: John Abraham's bad comic timing, some silly and slapstick jokes, no plot in first halfRunning Week: 5Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: FatsoPosition: 4Director: Rajat KapoorCast: Ranvir Shorey, Gul Panag , Purab Kohli, Neil BhoopalamUpside: Good story, decent performances, fresh humourDownside: Potential of plot not explored to the hilt, abrupt endingRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Despite good content, the film failed to pick up due to lack of promotions.Film: TezzPosition: 5Director: PriyadarshanCast: Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor , Zayed Khan , Boman IraniUpside: Interesting plot, decent performances by Ajay-Anil, good paceDownside: Less of train action, weak conflictsRunning Week: 2Box Office Verdict: Flop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13034465", "title": "No work talk on networking sites: Govt to customs officials", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has asked all customs and central excise officers not to post online comments on official matters. Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), the governing body of these officers, has said any violation will attract action under conduct rules.\"It has been brought to the notice of the board that some officers are posting online comments relating to official matters on social networking sites, such as Facebook, causing confusion and avoidable controversy among officers in different parts of the country,'' an April 12 letter signed by joint secretary, administration, Lok Ranjan said.Officers, however, said this is a gag order. \"We do not have access to the files handled by the administration wing. Hence, our discussion is not on specific cases. We are discussing an issue that concerns our promotions. This is an absurd direction,'' a senior official said.The CBEC became worried when officers posted their views on a Supreme Court judgment, including adverse comments on the seniority list relied on by the department for deciding promotions at the commissioner level. \"It has been reported that the said post created confusion regarding the SC's judgment among officers in different parts of the country and also needless controversy over seniority issues....'' Ranjan's letter said.The SC passed a judgment in August 2011, on the long pending issue of preparing a seniority list of officials while being promoted from superintendents /appraisers to assistant commissioners. The SC had directed the government to follow new guidelines for all those officers who are already assistant commissioners. This was suggested to ensure that there was no disparity.The SC had asked the board to implement the directive by December 31, 2011. But in January this year, the department considered the old seniority list and recommended 62 persons for promotion as commissioner. This included a few persons who would not have been promoted if the board had obeyed the SC directions. In February 2012, the board moved the SC, saying its directions could be implemented prospectively. The SC rejected the applications and granted three months to implement the August 2011 order. This was discussed extensively on the networking site.The board also felt that a discussion on central excise duty evasion by a gutkha manufacturer was unwarranted. An officer posted the details, including extracts of the show-cause notice and sought comments from fellow officers.\"Discussing details of investigations on social networking sites and online comments on merits when adjudication or appellate proceedings may be underway is completely unwarranted,'' the letter said. Officers said in this case, the board's decision is justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13027748", "title": "A long way to go to follow The Right to Education Act in letter and spirit", "text": "BHOPAL: The Right to Education (RTE) may have come into effect in April 2010, but students in schools across the state continue to clean utensils after having midday meals, physically abused and given TC for no fault of theirs. Girl students, barely of 16 of age, have sometimes to run for their life when a teacher in a drunken state tries to physically assault them after forcing them to dance in class.These are just a few instances of the violation of the RTE provision. In all, 30 complaints have been registered have been registered with the State Commission of Protection of Child Rights, Bhopal.Strangely, maximum cases of child abuse were reported from Bhopal, a city considered more aware than other places in the state. Other places include Indore, Sehore, Shehdol, Betul and Satna.While the RTE gives opportunity for free and compulsory education to 25% economically underprivileged students, not all parents in the state know about the Act and how to approach good schools for their children. Apparently not only the parents, but many schools also need to brush up on the RTE.Talking about teaching regional languages in school under the RTE, S S Rajput, principal Gyan Ganga told TOI about his dilemma in teaching each individual his or her mother tongue in a class of 30-35 students from different religions. Other than that he said the RTE hasn't mentioned anything clearly about the admission of dyslexic, mentally and physically challenged students that need to be given admissions under the Act.While talking about how they handle indisciplined students after the RTE ban on corporal punishment, Ajay K Sharma, principal, Delhi Public School said, \"I stick to the rule. On coming across indisciplined students, we send complaints to their parents give warnings or suspend them for a few days.Principal speakFather Johney P J, St Joseph Co-ed School\"Though we do not come under the ambit of RTE, being a private unaided minority school, we still follow the norms that come under the Act by giving admissions to children from poor families. We also make sure that no student gets punished in the class and offer counselling.\"Ajay K Sharma, DPS\"We do follow RTE norms, but the main problem is that we face is the support from home on which a students' life is largely dependent. If the parents are uneducated, how much a student can learn in eight hours of his stay in class from teachers? The students who are given admissions from the entry level i.e from nursery are not much of a liability as we train them right from the beginning. But with middle and senior school students, we intimate parents, give warnings or suspend them for a few days after repeated instances of misbehavior or indiscipline.\"Sr Rezi, Carmel Covent Sr Secondary School, BHELI can't make any comment on the RTE as I will have to study it properly and then act on it.S S Rajput, Gyan Ganga Academy\"RTE to me is quite strange where it asks schools to promote all students to next class till standard VIII irrespective of their presence or absence in class. This is why a lot of them are having a gala time and they are taking the advantage. It's a mockery of the education system. Besides, the act allows student to sit in say for example class VII without his or her possessing the basic skills.Way out to deal withPsychologist Dr Vinay Mishra, head of department, Bhopal School of Social Sciences, said strong words or corporal punishment could never correct indisciplined student. Dr Mishra, who is in favour of the RTE ban on corporal punishment, suggested to make student apologise in writing or say it verbally before the class so that it reminds him if he is up to some kind of mischief. Issuing warning or not allowing participation in any event of sports or annual function also act as deterrent, he added.Plaints received, resolved under RTE:-No. of complaints received: 30- Complaints resolved: 06Nature of complaints:-Physical and verbal abuse,-inhuman behavior,-mental harassment,-school without boundary wall,-one class for 200 students,-students forced to clean utensils after having midday meals,-students go missing from school-girl students forced to dance and get liquor for a drunkard teacher,-admissions not allowed to lower caste students.Places: Bhopal, Indore, Satna, Sagar, Betul, Sehore, Umaria, Balaghat, Shehdol, GunaMax plaints: Bhopal, Indore, ShehdolWhere to file a plaintParents, students, media persons if they wish to register complaints against schools or any kind of misbehavior with their child or any violation under the RTE ACT can simply write an application with a complaint to chairperson of Madhya Pradesh Commission For Protection of Child Rights, Narmada Bhawan, Near New Court, Arera Hills. Bhopal.RTE shortcomingsRajasthan: Strict rules bar orphan children", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026944", "title": "Media must go beyond bad news: Sibal", "text": "MUMBAI: The year gone by should be termed the 'Year of Protesters' as it saw popular uprisings overthrow several regimes, said Union minister Kapil Sibal on Saturday. He was speaking at the Mumbai Press Club awards ceremony held at the National Sports Club of India.Exhorting journalists to \"go beyond the ordinary\", Sibal said, \"A lot more is happening around us than what is being reported in the media.\" Pointing out that Indian media has much more freedom than in the rest of the world, the minister said, \"Ordinary people are doing extraordinary work, but we only get to read about ordinary people doing less than ordinary work. Stories of struggle are missing in the media. All news is not bad news. Media needs to do a thorough introspection.\"Asking the media to ponder on its responsibilities, Sibal said, \"Just as questions are being raised about judicial accountability, there will be a clamour for accountability in media too.\"Sibal presented the Lifetime Achievement Award to veteran journalist Vinod Mehta. Thanking the Mumbai Press Club for the honour, Mehta said, \"I owe a lot to the city. My best years in journalism were spent in this city.\" Asked about the challenges he faced in Mumbai and Delhi, Mehta said the financial capital is a better working ground in many ways.The late Pradeep Vijaykar from the Times of India was among the journalists honoured at the event with special awards and cash prizes. Awards were given for the best story in categories such as health and environment, cricket writing, entertainment, business, crime and politics. Rishi Shah and John Samuel Raja of The Economic Times bagged the award for best story for 'Copper inflated by $6.3 billion in unending exports mystery'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13030367", "title": "CBI arrests ex-Lucknow CMO AK Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI has arrested former Lucknow chief medical officer AK Shukla in connection with the murder case of his predecessor Vinod K Arya in October 2010.Shukla was arrested here late on Sunday night on charges of conspiring to kill Arya, a CBI spokesperson said.According to the CBI, the alleged motive behind the murder was the fear of being exposed for misappropriation of funds in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).There were indications emerging that Shukla could also be allegedly involved in killing of another chief medical officer BP Singh, official sources said.Arya was murdered while he was taking a morning walk on October 2010 at Vikas Nagar area while Singh was shot dead in April last year at Gomti Nagar.The agency claimed that evidence also indicated that former deputy chief medical officer Y S Sachan, whose death inside jail created a sensation, was also alleged to be a co-conspirator in the murder of Arya.Shukla was earlier arrested by the CBI last year in connection with the NRHM scam but was granted bail by the Allahabad high court.The court had on July 27 directed the CBI to probe the murders of the two CMOs and also irregularities in implementation of the NRHM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028801", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa holds meeting with supporters", "text": "Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa held a meeting with supporters at his residence on Sunday. Sources said it was held in the backdrop of the CEC recommending a CBI inquiry into Yeddyurappa's alleged role in illegal mining. All his supporters have decided to back the former chief minister. The meeting also discussed re-allocation of portfolios and elections to 11 seats in the legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029006", "title": "Farmer's viscera sent for test", "text": "Family members of the deceased said that the farmer was under huge debt and could not sell off his wheat on support price at the procurement centre and thus was unable to pay back the loan amount.Meena said that the post-mortem report to ascertain the cause of the death of Rajput was unclear adding that they have sent his viscera for tests again to exactly detect the cause of his death.Around 8.30 pm, Rajput's son brought him to a government doctor's residence who, in turn, asked him to get admitted to a hospital, Meena said. However, he took some cold drink and ice cream and after feeling comfortable returned home and thereafter died while sleeping.\" Yes , he along with other farmers, met me seeking the removal of the procurement centre manager,\" the collector admitted, adding that he removed the manager. \"He didn't tell me that his produce wasn't being purchased at the minimum support price,\" Meena said.After the incident, local Congress MLA Prabhuram Choudhary, along with some farmers, blocked the NH 86 for more than 30 minutes seeking an end to farmers' woes. He alleged the procurement centres were not purchasing wheat from small farmers and officials at the procurement centres were favouring big farmers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027337", "title": "23 schools given go-ahead by high court to hike fee by 15%", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 21 matriculation schools and two nursery schools from Coimbatore district have been permitted to hike their academic fee by 15 percent as per the recent Madras High court ruling based on the writ petitions filed by these institutions against the school fee determined by the government appointed committee last year. These schools had decided to file petitions before the High Court after they felt that the government prescribed fee was not viable for them to manage their institutions.\"We have received the official list of schools that have been granted the interim relief by the honourable high court in the fee determination issue,\" said S Gopidoss, Inspector of Matriculation School, Coimbatore.Some prominent schools that appeal against the fees determined by the committee from Coimbatore include Chandra Matriculation Higher secondary school, Perks Matriculation Higher secondary school, National Model Matriculation Higher Secondary School, St Joseph's Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Sri Nehru Vidyalaya matriculation Higher Secondary School, Bharathi Matriculation Higher Secondary School and Carmel Garden Matriculation Higher secondary school.However, school managements opined that the 15 percent hike from the prescribed rate was meagre and not sufficient to meet their financial needs in running their institutions. They claimed that they will once again submit their expenditure details and hope for a fair treatment from the state government.\"We are relieved that a positive stand has been taken towards our long pending grievances but we hope for fair treatment when they finally announce the new fee structure for the schools that appealed,\" said R Baby, Principal, National Model Matriculation Higher Secondary School.Meanwhile the parents were of the opinion that majority of the private schools were already charging more than the government prescribed fee structure citing various reasons and the 15 percent increase permitted to them will not make much of a difference to the present situation.\"Most schools are already demanding excess fee from the students which is way more than 15 percent permitted by the court,\" said R Manimohan, Chairman, Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP), Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027034", "title": "Prank call leads to wild goose chase on high seas", "text": "MUMBAI: The state excise department and the Yellow Gate police were in a tizzy early on Sunday after they separately received tip-offs that a big party had been arranged and large quantities of alcohol were being served on a yacht.However, when the excise department identified the yacht anchored near the Gateway of India harbour and carried out a raid at 4.30am, they were able to seize a total of two bottles of wine, two of whisky and a crate of beer. \"There wasn't any party as such, as the yacht can accommodate only six people and there were only three people onboard. We suspect that a disgruntled sibling of the yacht owner made a prank call,\" said an excise officer.Assistant commissioner of police ( Yellow Gate division) H G Shinde said that they too received a tip-off that liquor was being served to youths at a party on a yacht.\"Two teams searched the high seas in the wee hours of Sunday. Later, the police team learnt that the excise department had already raided the yacht. Through excise officials, we learnt that they did not find any party nor was there a large quantity of liquor stored,\" said Shinde.Police officials said that they have nevertheless registered an offence against the yacht owners as they did not have permission to stock liquor on the yacht.Mumbai: The State Excise Department on Sunday conducted a raid onboard of a yacht that was anchored near the Gate of India harbour. The raid was carried out by the officials on receiving tip-off that a big party has been organised onboard with a large hoard of liquor being served.Officials said that the raid was carried out around 4.30am and seized two bottles of wine, two bottles of whiskey and a crate of beer. \"There wasn't any party as such, as the yacht can accommodate only six people and there were only three people on board. We suspect that a disgruntled sibling of the yacht owner gave a faulty tip off,\" said an excise official.Assistant Commissioner of Police (Yellow Gate division) HG Shinde said that they too received tip-off that party has been organised onboard and liquor in huge quantity has been served to youths illegally. \"Two teams searched at high sea in the wee hours on Sunday. Later the police team learnt that the excise department have already the yacht. Through excise officials we learnt that they raided the yacht but they did not find any party on neither there was any huge quantity of liquor stored,\" said Shinde.Officials said that they have nevertheless registered an offense against the yacht owners, as they did not have permission to stock the liquor on the yacht.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028396", "title": "Activists demand immediate stoppage of construction of embankment on Bagmati river", "text": "PATNA: A delegation of Bagmati Bachao Abhiyan activists, led by Ganga Bachao Andolan leader Anil Prakash, JD(U) leader Harendra Kumar and retired IPS officer Ramchandra Khan, here on Sunday submitted a memorandum to water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary demanding immediate stoppage of construction of the embankments on Bagmati.Residents of Aurai, Katra and Gaighat locality of Muzaffarpur district are agitating against construction of embankments and have stopped the construction work . A ''satyagrah andolan' is going on there since then. The memorandum said that according to the Gandak Area Development Authority (GADA) documents approximately 10 lakh acres land has turned alkaline due to embankments.The delegation pleaded that in 1950 when there was only 165 km of embankments, the size of flood-prone area was 25 lakh hectares and now when there is 3,400 km of embankments, the size of flood-prone area has increased to 79 lakh hectares. The WRD minister gave a patient hearing to the delegation members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027317", "title": "Bus swerves off NH 47, none hurt", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a miraculous escape for over 45 passengers travelling in the state government bus plying between Walayar-Gandhipuram after the driver lost control and the vehicle swerved off the national highway 47 in Manjipallam, near Mayilkkalu on the border of Kuniyamuthur and Madukkarai localities on Sunday.The bus rammed into a milestone and came to a halt but only after the front portion of the chassis tipped over, leaving the vehicle dangling on the edge of a 10-feet dry canal. The rear right portion of the vehicle was in an elevated state and the vehicle was left dangling at an acute angle from the road surface. Vehicular traffic on the route linking Coimbatore to Kerala was affected briefly for about 40 minutes after the recovery van arrived at the spot and the bus was retrieved.\"The driver, Ayyasamy, was trying to make way for vehicles coming in the opposite direction when all of a sudden the bus swerved to the left and almost toppled. Luckily nobody was injured in the mishap,' said R Govindasamy, the bus conductor.The mishap occurred at around 11.30 am when the government bus no 96 was proceeding towards Coimbatore. The passengers panicked when the bus came to a halt in a suspended position. But immediately they alighted from the vehicle and another bus was summoned from the transport corporation's depot to take the passengers to Gandhipuram.Police teams from Madukkarai and Kuniamuthur stations were summoned to the spot. One of the passengers M Kaleeswari (45), seated near the driver's seat, was taken to a private hospital after she suffered severe mental trauma and fell while alighting from the bus. However her condition is not serious and she has been kept under observation at the medical facility.\"It seems the bus driver could not judge properly as he tried to steer the vehicle towards the left but could not maintain balance and it went over the edge,\" said C Thirumalaisamy, special sub-inspector, Kuniamuthur police station.According to the police, the bus driver said he could not control the steering wheel and that it got locked. However, it was later discovered that the steering wheel did not have any problem as another bus driver held on to it while the recovery team retrieved the vehicle out of danger, indicating that it was human error. Meanwhile, the bus had some radiator issues as it was stopped more than once to fill the radiator with water before proceeding further.\"The headlights were on indicating that there was some vehicle coming towards it and the driver might have swerved at the last moment to avoid a collision leaving the vehicle at the edge of the canal,\" said D Rajendran, sub-inspector, Madukkarai police station.A recovery crane was called from the State Transport Corporation depot to pull out the bus and the vehicle was removed from the spot. City mayor SM Velusamy visited the accident spot. Madukkarai police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034953", "title": "Marathi film makers felicitated", "text": "Various Marathi film personalities were felicitated by the Federation of Film Societies of India, (Maharashtra chapter) on the occasion of the centenary year celebrations of the Indian Film industry here.Film directors Amol Palekar , Kiran Shantaram, Mahesh Kothare, Jabbar Patel, Sachin Pilgaonkar, Vijay Kondke, Mahesh Manjarkar, Paresh Mokashi, Rajiv Patil, Umesh Kulkarni were honoured.The function was held at Dadasaheb Phalke Memorial last night. Senior actress Sulochana was also felicitated on the occasion.Nashik Municipal Corporation was a partner of the programme. Mayor Yatin Wagh, Kiran Shantaram and Sudhir Nandgaonkar presented mementos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/baripada", "code": "13028328", "title": "Poaching: Carcasses of 4 jumbos found", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BARIPADA: A team of wildlife activists has found the remains of four elephants inside Odisha's Similipal National Park and suspect that poachers may have poisoned them.Activist Bhanumitra Acharya said the team found four elephant carcasses within the park's one km radius and said that field level forest staff may have been were involved in disposing them off.Acharya accused the state government of inaction. \"The state government did nothing after we reported the mass killings two years ago. The DNA test reports are yet to come,\" Acharya said. Mayurbhanj collector N K Nayak said he was unaware about it, but will look into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028555", "title": "Consumer court makes Honda pay for defective bike", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has directed a scooter company to pay a consumer a sum of 60,000 for a defective vehicle.In an order passed on April 27, 2012, president Justice N A Britto and member Jagdish Prabhudesai have directed Honda Motor Cycle and Scooter India Pvt Ltd to refund John Fernandes 20,000 as part of the cost price of the vehicle as well as a sum of 30,000 towards compensation. A Further sum of 10,000 has been ordered to be paid towards (legal) costs of the complainant. The amount is to be paid within 30 days after which interest of 9% will be applicable.Fernandes had purchased a Honda Eterno in July 2005, of which 20000 was financed by a bank. Within 15 days of purchase Fernandes began hearing engine noise while riding and also found that the handle of the vehicle was not straight. Besides, the clutch lever was vibrating, front suspension rattling, seat lock was defective and there were other vibrations.The order states that the defects pointed out were never rectified even in the warranty period to the satisfaction of the complainant. The commission further stated that since the complainant made considerable use of the vehicle, he was not entitled to refund of the entire cost or replacement of the vehicle by a new vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13028649", "title": "Two arrested in bid to sell sand boa", "text": "Ponda: Two persons from Karnataka have been nabbed by the animal rescue squad (ARS) members with help from the police for attempting to sell a sand boa at Dhonashi-Nagueshi in Ponda on Friday afternoon. The reptile was rescued and handed over to the authorities at the Bondla wildlife sanctuary.Animal rescue squad members Shricharan Desai and Ashwin Kunkolienkar informed TOI that they acted on a tip off from another animal lover Amrut Singh.After receiving the information, the two ARS members presented themselves as customers and approached the accused persons Mantesh Lamani and Somnath Lamani who were residing at Dhonashi-Nagueshi. They were accompanied by PSI Hiru Kavlekar.\"When we approached the Lamanis, they agreed to sell the sand boa to us. After giving us details about the reptile, they told us that they were involved in the trade since long. Subsequently, we with the help of PSI Kavlekar nabbed them and brought them to Ponda police station,\" Desai said.After conducting a panchanama, police handed over the case to the Ponda wild life wing. Ponda police said the Sand Boa is about 90 cm long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032262", "title": "Sneha meets Jayalalithaa", "text": "Sneha met J Jayalalithaa in Chennai on Wednesday to invite the chief minister to her wedding. Sneha will wed Prasanna on May 11. Sneha was accompanied by her parents on this visit.According to sources close to Sneha, Jayalalithaa played perfect host during the meeting at the Secretariat. \"Besides blessing Sneha, the CM assured her that she would attend the wedding,\" sources said. Sneha and Prasanna, who worked together in Achamundu Achamundu, fell in love with each other soon after. The couple is now all set to tie the knot at Sri Varu Venkatachalapathy Palace Kalyana Mandapam at Vanagaram next week.Over the past week, the star couple has been busy inviting friends and well-wishers in the industry to their big day. A few days ago, they jointly organised a press meet and thanked everyone for their love and affection.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026925", "title": "It's raining film-makers", "text": "MUMBAI: It's an amazing statistic that Bollywood has probably never seen in its history. In the last two years, a whopping 150 directors have made their screen debut, giving renewed hope to others of their ilk.In the last few weeks, five releases-Agneepath, Ek Main Aur Ek Tu, Tere Naal Luv Ho Gaya, London Paris New York and Blood Money-have all been made by newbies, and coming up are many more, thanks to production houses which have decided to invest money in new talent.A peek at the statistics shows that UTV launches at least four new directors this year. In 2011 Viacom gave a break to two-Luv Ranjan (Pyar Ka Punchnama) and Bijoy Nambiar (Shaitan); this year, it is Vishal Mahadkar (Blood Money), Supavitra Babul (Bittoo Boss), Sachin Kundalkar (Aiyya) and Satish Rajawade (Mumbai-Delhi-Mumbai). Vinod Chopra Productions is coming out with Rajesh Mapuskar's Ferrari Ki Sawari in 2012, a film that is generating much buzz as EMET and Agneepath .What accounts for this sudden generosity to newbies? \"The foremost reason is the expansion of the market,\" says Vikas Behl of Phantom Films. \"More films need to be made, and hence more directors are needed. But, also, today making a film with a first-time director is not as much of a risk because film-making has become very organized. Once a production house is sure of a director's sensibilities and script sense, s/he is provided with the best technology and professionals in each film-making department to assist his/her vision.\"One reason for the growth is possibly conscious mentoring on the part of producers and directors. \"Today, it's all about nurturing new talent and growing with it,\" says a marketing strategist. \"Karan Johar launched Ayan Mukherji and now he is making another film with him. Rajkumar Gupta (No One Killed Jessica) too is now making Ghanchakkar.Agrees Mahesh Bhatt, who believes that \"the industry lacks the talent to spot talent\", \"Mentoring talent is my passion. Nothing is more gratifying than seeing someone you have faith in soar to unimaginable heights.\"Whatever the reason, everyone seems to be in with a vengeance. While Yash Raj Films has started a new section for new talent (Ali Abbas Zafar got to work with Imran Khan and Katrina Kaif in his first film), Karan Johar's Dharma Productions is now offering a variety of cinema-Ruchi Narain, who directed Kal, is being relaunched by Dharma.Viacom has even signed a contract with producer Anurag Kashyap for three films, not all directed by him. Says Viacom CEO Vikram Malhotra, \"There are hundreds of directors waiting for that elusive break. To ensure that we find the best talent, we have on board experienced mentors like Anurag Kashyap who can hone their skills. Kashyap, on his part is pleased that producers are going beyond giving a break only to a clique that comprises assistants of big directors and members of film families.There are perhaps more pragmatic reasons for the trend. For one, new directors come far cheaper than star film-makers like Ashutosh Gowariker, Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Raj Kumar Hirani , who charge almost as much as top actors, says the marketing strategist. \"Also once in-demand directors are not that hot today,\" says a source. \"Actors aren't enthusiastic about working with Abbas Mustan or Anees Bazmee or David Dhawan because sensibilities are changing.\" Another reason is that top producers who write scripts but don't have the time to direct prefer a newbie to carry out their vision.However, the scene isn't all hunky-dory for newcomers. Production houses often introduce changes in the film at the last minute, at which stage it is usually too late for directors to back off. There's also the issue of casting. An industry source says, \"It is not easy casting for films directed by newcomers. An aspiring director has been told by Yash Raj to get an actor on board before they finance his film.\"Sachin Kundalkar believes that this is \"the best time for Hindi cinema-where both commercial and independent can easily coexist\". The studios have realized that their calculations of which film will work for the audience are completely outdated,\" he says. \"And that is the reason they are opening up to fresher and newer ideas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028951", "title": "42 of 76 consumer grievances in Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd's favour", "text": "NAGPUR: The consumer grievance redressal forum (CGRF), Nagpur zone, has given more decisions in favour of the licensee MSEDCL than the consumers themselves, a revelation that could take many aback. The Nagpur CGRF is one of the only two forums in the region.Electrical contractor Suhas Khandekar, who represents consumers, said that the figures were a bit surprising. \"I don't think that Nagpur's MSEDCL officials are more competent and consumer friendly than their counterparts elsewhere. So how can the ratio of CGRF decisions be so much skewed in favour of the licensee,\" he asked.Khandekar said that in many cases, the CGRF considered the order to be in consumer's favour even if a part relief was given. \"In one such case, a consumer had applied for reduction in load which the MSEDCL failed to do. Consequently he was paying a higher bill. When the case reached the forum, it ordered MSEDCL to reduce the load but not with retrospective effect. Had that happened, then the consumer would have been refunded the extra amount charged by MSEDCL,\" he said.In 2011, total 76 grievances were received by the Nagpur urban CGRF of which 34 were decided in favour of consumers and 42 in favour of MSEDCL. The other zone where MSEDCL has more favourable orders than consumers is Bhandup - 25 and 26 respectively. O the contrary, Thane CGRF decided only 11 cases in favour of MSEDCL against 37 in favour of consumers. The Nagpur rural CGRF passed 34 orders in favour of consumers and 29 in favour of MSEDCL. Overall out of 926 cases redressed by the CGRFs in the state, 560 were decided in favour of consumers and 366 in favour of MSEDCL.However, Reliance Infra has got maximum percentage of decisions in its favour. Out of six complaints in 2011, five were decided in its favour.There is huge difference between number of cases filed by consumers in different CGRFs. Consumers of Kolhapur zone filed 278 cases in 2011 while 90 cases were pending. Of the total 378 cases, the forums redressed 328 cases. In Latur zone, only 23 cases were filed while seven were pending. 20 cases were redressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13028210", "title": "Ephedrine worth Rs 1 crore seized, 3 arrested", "text": "TRICHY: Officials of the air intelligence unit attached to the customs department at the Trichy airport caught three persons, including a woman and her son, while attempting to fly to Singapore with 6.96 kg of Ephedrine drugs on Sunday.D Veera Chinnammal (65), her son D Vasanthakumar (45) of Vadakku Malaipatti, Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district and G Balasubramanian (32) of Srirangam, Trichy arrived at the airport terminal to depart for Singapore through a Tiger Airways flight at 10 pm. Acting on a tip-off, air intelligence unit officials surrounded them and scanned their consignments. Small bundles of the drug Ephedrine, weighing 6.96 kg and worth Rs 1 crore in the international market were found inside the bags. Sources said that further investigation with the trio had revealed that some persons had given them the parcels in the airport to hand over to someone in Singapore airport.Customs officials took the trio into custody and they were produced in the judicial magistrate court I. The court remanded them to judicial custody and they were jailed in Trichy central prison. An official of AIU, Trichy said that there had been previous cases where the drugs were seized while being transported to Malaysia .Ephedrine is used as a narcotic drug mixed with cocaine, beer and aerated drinks for intoxication. According to pharmacists, Ephedrine is a pain reliever used as an anaesthetic in surgeries. However, it should not be taken without doctors' advice as it could endanger life and cause damage to the liver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033139", "title": "Shazahn's China Experience", "text": "When it comes to food, Shazahn Padamsee just cannot resist experimenting with it.She even loves tasting local dishes whenever she travels abroad. But a dish that she ordered at a local restaurant when she traveled to China recently churned her stomach literally. \"The menu was in the Chinese language and I inquired about one particular dish which the waiter made it sound very interesting. I got tempted and ordered it.\" Poor Shazahn did not know what she was in for!\"I see this long snake soaked in thick Chinese gravy. One look at it and I nearly fell off my chair. There was no way was I going to eat it. I promptly turned it back. But I have not got over that snake dish as yet,\"she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13029026", "title": "Debt-ridden Raisen farmer ends life", "text": "BHOPAL: A debt-ridden 55-year-old farmer died in his sleep under mysterious condition on Saturday night in Raisen district, amid his family members' claim that he killed himself by consuming poisonous substance as his produce wasn't being bought by the government wheat procurement centre for last few days. Following the controversy, Raisen collector Mohanlal Meena said that the internal organs of the deceased were sent for tests again to detect the exact cause of death.Barnijahagir resident, Bhagwan Singh Rajput along with other farmers on Saturday had met the collector and demanded that Manpur procurement centre manager should be removed as he was not buying their produce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027035", "title": "Kidney racket: Gandhi hospital doctor faces trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: A kidney sale racket was busted and two persons were arrested in Ameerpet on Sunday. Police are also probing the role of a Gandhi Hospital doctor, who runs a super-specialty clinic in Karkhana. Police arrested N Venkata Srinivasa Rao of Addanki in Prakasam district and his cousin E Rajender Prasad of Khairatabad near a travel agent's office in Ameerpet.A few days ago, 26-year-old S Yadgiri of Dubbaka in Medak district approached the Punjagutta police and lodged a complaint alleging that Srinivasa Rao and Rajender lured him to sell his kidney and they even made him talk to a nephrologist, Dr Ramesh Chadha of Indu Super Speciality Clinic in Karkhana in this regard. Acting on the complaint, a special team nabbed the duo near a private travel agent's office in Ameerpet on Sunday. \"The complainant said on May 3 the duo took him to Indu clinic and made him meet Dr Ramesh Chadha through his personal assistants Praveen and Prashant to discuss the kidney deal,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Panjagutta, D Venkata Narsaiah said. Panjagutta SI K Ravi Kumar, who is investigating the case, said the nephrologist was working at Gandhi hospital. According to police, Yadgiri first met Srinivasa Rao in Ameerpet when he came to the city a month ago. Understanding that he was in poor financial condition, Srinivas Rao made him meet his cousin Rajendra Prasad, who told him to sell off one of his kidneys. \"The duo told Yadgiri that he will get Rs five lakh for his kidney and asked him to pay them Rs one lakh as commission,\" the SI said. To convince the victim, they took him to the nephrologist's clinic in Karkhana. However, Yadgiri got scared and leaked the information to a Telugu news channel and the racket came to light.Based on the complaint lodged by Yadgiri, police arrested the duo on Sunday. A man-hunt has been launched to nab the nephrologist's assistants Praveen and Prashant. \"We will produce them before court on Monday and file a petition seeking their custody to know the involvement of the nephrologist and the scale of the organ sale racket,\" the ACP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034763", "title": "Silk Smitha was a bold woman: Director Anil", "text": "Director Anil, who is now busy finalising the cast of his next flick, a biopic of yesteryear actress Silk Smitha, has associated with her only in one film.But the director is all praise for the late actress. \"I've directed her in a song sequence in my film, Saakshal Sreeman Chaathunni. From what little time I got to interact her, Silk Smitha came across as a bold woman. She had no masks...she was very open-minded and told things right in your face. I doubt if we have heroines as bold as her in our times,\" Anil says.Antony Eastman, who is penning the story of the film, agrees. \"Silk came into the film industry as a raw, uneducated girl. For a person with such a background, she stood her ground during her years in the film industry. If not for her bold nature, she would have withered away long back,\" says the director, who introduced her to Mollywood with his flick, Inaye Thedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034672", "title": "Zee TV to launch a new face?", "text": "After Kanan Malhotra and Aryan Vaid being roped in for Zee TV's upcoming show, the latest news is that a new comer called Ekta Kaul along with Bharti Patil will be a part of the star cast.A Jay Mehta Productions venture, the story has Malhotra and Vaid in lead roles whose characters contrast one another. Malhotra plays a Punjabi boy named Daljeet from Chandigarh whose sole ambition is to find himself a job abroad.Bharti Patil as Veera will play Daljeet's mother and like any other moms will be seen in a possessive role. Like Daljeet, Sahiba aka Ekta Kaul also hails from Chandigarh and she is the unfortunate bride who is ditched at the altar on her D-Day. Aryan Vaid, who makes his comeback to TV with this serial, plays a runaway groom.Sources reveal that the show will go on air sometime in July and actors like Ashish Sharma and Sukirti Kandpal will also be a part of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028457", "title": "No night on the tiles for Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: Here's how the vibrant city looks like if you step out post midnight: Dim-lit streets, malls' shutters down and transport system at a halt. People, especially youngsters, living in the city often feel that the city sleeps earlier than usual and that there is a need to improve the services being offered within the city during late night hours.Working individuals feel that more restaurants in the city must remain open even after 12 in the night.\"I get done with my work only by 9 pm. By the time I plan to go out and eat, all eating joints in malls are shut. Sarafa in Rajwada stays open but at times I want to eat American or continental food. But most of the joints are shut after 11 pm.\" Saurabh Purey, chief creative head, Midas-Touch advertising agency, says.Same goes with the petrol filling stations in the city which should remain functional throughout the night.\"Areas such as Vijay Nagar and MG Road must have petrol pumps operational at night. Once I was coming back after a night show when I had to get my petrol tank refilled. I couldn't find any filling station which was operational,\" Balram Verma, a final-year engineering student, says.The closing time of shopping malls is yet another service which the local residents want an extension for. \"Shopping malls in the city are functional latest until 10:30 pm. There are times when we leave home at 9 on Saturdays and are surprised to see everything getting shut soon,\" Vandana Puntambekar says.Party animals in the city also feel the need to have safe public transport system during late night hours. \"We often go to Quorum for parties and unfortunately we are unable to find a conveyance while returning. In the wee hours, there isn't any safe transportation system in Indore. I have to either call my parents or one of my friends has to drop me back home. Star cabs and even auto rickshaws in the city should be functional 24x7,\" stresses Soumya Agrawal, a resident of Shalimar Township.Something more that party buffs pine for are good discos and pubs in the city. Though Richa Gidwani, a resident of Scheme 54, agrees that the city has good number of discotheques, she feels they lack variety. Unlike the metros, discotheques and pubs in Indore do not have gigs from local bands and hence they lack the quality of being an entertainment hub.However, hostellers and students living as paying guests do not have any complaints with the night life in Indore.\"I live as a paying guest. I do not get to go out late in the night and almost everything is available before 11 pm,\" Shivangi Tripathi, a student, says.Another hosteller in LIG area, Meenakshi Kauraw says \"Due to strict closing time at our hostel, we are not allowed to go out after eight in the evening. So, food joints, shopping malls and public transportation are on as per my requirement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027031", "title": "KFA staff threaten strike from Wed", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Kingfisher Airlines staff has threatened to stay away from work from Wednesday onwards if the airline management does not pay them their salaries for January by then. The last salary the pilots received was on April 9, for the month of December. tnn According to the payment schedule given by pilots to the management, they want their February salary by May 16, March by June 1, April by June 16 and the May salary by June 30. The staffers had decided to go on a protest from Monday onwards, but now the decision has been postponed by two days.Mumbai: A section of Kingfisher Airlines have threatened to stay away from work from Wednesday onwards if the airline management does not pay them their salaries due for the month of January by then. The last salary the pilots received was on April 9, for the month of December. According to the payment schedule given by the pilots to the Kingfisher management, they want the February salary by May 16, March by June 1, April by June 16 and the May salary by June 30. Last week, a section of the Kingfisher staff including engineers and pilots were planning to move the labour court to expedite settlement of dues. They had decided to go on a protest from Monday onwards, but now the decision has been postponed by two days.Kingfisher has a debt burden of Rs 7,057.08 crore and the financial crunch has hit its operations with the airline ranking lowest in market share at 6.4 per cent in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13027648", "title": "Nearly 50,000 teachers will take Teachers' Aptitude Test today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 50,000 teachers will appear for the Teachers' Aptitude Test (TAT) examinations on Monday conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB). The test is being held for recruitment of teachers for class IX and X.Officials said that the TAT exam will be held in main center of each district to facilitate more teachers from rural areas to easily take the test. The test will be held in two parts. Paper one will be test general knowledge while the second paper will subject based.Officials said that blind teachers will be given permission to have writers to write their papers. However, the writers will be only class VIII pass. Blind candidates will be allowed 20 extra minutes for the first paper while 15 extra minutes will be allowed for the second paper.Officials said that certain officers will be deployed in all the centers to curb copying. It needs mention that this is the second TAT exam which will be held. Earlier, 95,000 candidates had appeared for TAT in December to qualify for the position of secondary teachers for classes VIII, IX and X in government and grant-in-aid schools.However, recruitments following the first TAT exam ran into rough weather after majority school managements refused to issue appointment letters to the teachers recruited by the state education department following TAT exams saying that the schools were not given any say in the recruitment which was unacceptable. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028345", "title": "4.47 lakh traffic violations recorded since January", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city traffic police penalized traffic rule violators worth Rs 2.67 crore since January this year. The cops have filed more than 4.47 lakh complaints against those found driving with disregard to traffic norms. On Saturday alone the city traffic police filed 3,449 complaints against traffic rule violators and penalized them. \"We have collected a sum of more than Rs 2.52 lakh from them, said city traffic policemen. The cops also towed away 142 vehicles which were found in no-parking zones. The fine collected from owners of these vehicles amounted to Rs 9,940. That apart, two-wheeler riders caught driving without helmets were also penalized on Saturday.No less than 915 such two-wheeler riders were caught and fines worth Rs 45,750 was collected from them by the city traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031069", "title": "A drug addict enters Akshay's vanity van", "text": "Cricket in India is not just a sport. It is a religion for some who build temples for their favourite batsmen and bowlers. It also re ignites the feeling of patriotism in every Indian heart time and again.It is the pitch where not just the eleven players, but also a zillion other celebrities showcase their talents. The last one brought into prominence by a more recent form of the sport titled IPL or the Indian Premier League. And on Saturday, Akshay Kumar on the sets of his production Oh My God!, got a taste of the condition better known as IPL fever in a rather shocking way.While the crew was busy celebrating Akshay's dressman Shafiq's birthday, a local drug addict entered the actor's vanity van. And when the Khiladi came in to check on the score of the ongoing IPL match between Kolkata and Pune, he came face to face with the strange man apparently doing the same. And while the cricketers continued with their game on TV, a different kind of sport (read wrestling) ensued on front of the television screen.A source from the sets told Mirror, \"Everyone in the unit was busy celebrating. Akshay decided to go into his van and check the cricket score. He was shocked to see an unidentified man in his room.\"The actor known for his training in martial arts sprung to action. As his natural defence mechanism kicked in, Akshay grabbed the suspicious stranger by the hand and twisted it. He called out for the security men who subsequently handed the stranger over to the local cops in Versova.When contacted, an officer from the Versova police chowki confirmed the incident and said, \"The man is a local drug addict. He is a petty thief. He claimed that he had entered the van to check the IPL scores. Obviously people on the sets got scared. He was handed over to us. We warned him and let him go.\" Akshay and Oh My God! co-producer Ashwini Yardi remained unavailable for comment.-With inputs from Nazia Sayed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027936", "title": "Sterilization drive begins at SAT Hospital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Health minister V S Sivakumar has decided to visit the SAT Hospital after receiving reports on hospital-acquired infection affecting newborns.The minister has also ordered the hospital authorities to take a serious note of the complaint received by the chief minister's office that over 300 newborns were affected by the infection in the hospital last year.Meanwhile, the hospital authorities have started the sterilization process in the labour room, out-born nursery and in the new-born nursery.The process began on Sunday and both the nurseries were covered. The new-borns admitted to these nurseries were shifted to the wards as part of the sterilization process.The hospital authorities have claimed that the infection is being brought by the kids who are referred to the hospital from other peripheral hospitals of the district, post-delivery.Most of these babies are brought to the hospital after developing severe complications during birth. The infection rate is comparatively less in inborn-nursery where the babies delivered at the SAT hospital are kept. However, the authorities have claimed that sterilization process is being carried out at regular intervals.An RTI document had revealed that from April 2011 to April 2012, 391 cases of hospital acquired infection had been detected among the new-borns of which 50 kids had died.In 2007 in a similar incident 42 new-born babies had died due to hospital acquired infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028535", "title": "Forest panels miss the wood for the trees", "text": "PANAJI: Though two committees formed after a high court directive to identify private forest cover have compiled their reports, environmentalists dismissed their work as a 'slipshod' exercise in the face of large-scale attempts to divert forest land for commercial purposes.The north Goa panel headed by K G Sharma and another headed by P V Sawant for south Goa ended their two-year tenure on February 2, 2012. But their reports proposing inclusion of more private forest areas for protection have come more than three months late, as their work was hampered by inadequate facilities and lack of surveyors for the process of 'ground truthing' satellite imagery and occular estimates.The earlier committees which the government appointed to identify private forests, Sadanand Sawant (1998) and H Y Karapurkar (2000) had to rely only on site inspections (occular estimates) for the survey as google images were not available then.However, sources said the members of both Sharma and Sawant panels were bogged down as the directorate of survey and land records did not provide surveyors for verification of the records (survey numbers) of private forests identified by them. \"The teams only added survey numbers in their report, but no surveyors were provided by the department to confirm the actual area of forests,\" a source said.While Karapurkar and Sawant panels identified 67 sq kms of private forests by 2000 out of an estimated cover of 200 sq kms, the third exercise was kickstarted after a decade-long gap in February 2010 only after Goa Foundation filed a petition in high court in July 2006, to bring the remnant of the vanishing green cover on record.The government's perfunctory exercise at pursuing the HC directive has been exposed by the lack of infrastructural support to the panels, sources said.Towards the fag end of its term, one of the committee chairmen broke his silence over the issue. The south Goa panel chairman Sawant wrote to the Goa forest secretary on January 24, 2012, stating that though five surveyors were assured for the work, only two were provided.The duo identified forest land only in two survey numbers out of 18. \"The work has been adversely affected and delayed on account of lack of enough surveyors from directorate of survey and land records,\" Sawant wrote in his letter.But north Goa collector, Mihir Vardhan who is also the department director explained that the department is hit by an overload of survey work. \"We are unable to spare surveyors for this work,\" he said.The surveyors engaged by Sawant and Karapurkar committees prior to 2000 were engaged on contract basis. \"We had asked the present committee to request the government for surveyors on contract as the the work has to be done on fast track basis,\" he said.But activists are agitated over the fiasco of identifying private forests, alleging a hidden agenda behind the deliberate sabotage. \"The committees have failed to do their job,\" Abhijeet Prabjudesai a south Goa based activist alleged. The total cover of forests will be much more than what is identified so far, he added.Agrees Ketan Govekar, a green activist, \"The forest land, be it government or privately owned, has to be protected but vested interests are trying to capture and convert it for commercial purposes,\" he said.The eco-tourism concept does not envisage the protection of trees, greens argue. \"The main concern is eco-tourism, and not increasing or protecting existing forests, which are being destroyed to build RCC structures like cottages, swimming pools and accommodation,\" Govekar alleged.The survey should have been a stringent exercise and carried out on a war-footing. \"But this is not happening as even after two years, and it is easy to guess why,\" Govekar said.But Sandeep Azrencar of Nisarga, a Mapusa-based NGO, sounded hopeful that the panels will cover fresh ground. \"We are not aware about their volume of work, but this time, they were aided by technology, especially google maps to identify private forests,\" he said.The forests help in balancing the impact of carbon footprints to a large extent and conserving water. \"The government seems to have land available for SEZs, but not for compensatory afforestation when forests are diverted for non-forestry purposes,\" Siddarth Karapur, a Margao-based social activist said.A forest official conceded that some owners of private forest land are deliberately reducing the density of green cover by burning, loping and felling trees clandestinely. \"What dense growth we could see in the late nineties has been reduced and plantations have been raised to alter the status of land,\" the source said.Principal chief conservator of forests, Richard D'Souza said that the matter of continuing the work with surveyors will be taken up. \"We will try to complete the work,\" he said.The private forests have been marked as natural cover in RP 2021. \"This is one way of diluting the importance of forests. No doubt , the ownership is in private hands, but forests are forests and should be protected,\" Karapurkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027409", "title": "CBI report likely to conclude that Sachan committed suicide", "text": "LUCKNOW: After almost a year of grappling with the mysterious death of deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan, the CBI is learnt to be planning to close the case and conclude that he committed suicide in an unused toilet on the first floor of Lucknow's district jail.That would, in one stroke, solve a lot of problems. But what it would not do is answer some key questions. It would also gloss over a whole range of facts that clearly indicate that this was murder, not suicide.If the suicide theory is accepted, then Sachan can well become the accused, who had ordered the murders of two CMOs family welfare (the post now does not exist): Dr Vinod Kumar Arya, who was sprayed with bullets on October 27, 2010 near his house in Vikas Nagar, and Dr BP Singh, who was shot dead in a similar manner on April 2, 2011 near his house in Gomtinagar. The police had, in fact, claimed that Sachan was the main accused in both the cases.And so there's a neat ending, with no need to look any further or probe if Sachan was actually behind the killings, or if he was also the victim of a conspiracy hatched by higher-ups in the Rs 5,700-crore NRHM scam. Sachan was found dead on June 22, 2011, a day before he was to depose in court, where he might well have spilled the beans and named higher-ups. So, his death a day before he was to depose would have been extremely convenient to those who might have wanted him silent.The CBI is likely to propose the suicide theory based on the report of forensic experts from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) and the agency's recreation of the crime scene. But the big question is why did they take so long to come to this conclusion?On July 15, a Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court had directed the CBI to start investigation into Sachan's mysterious death. The bench had then said that the reasons, motive and cause Sachan's death needed to be investigated by an independent agency and directed the CBI to complete the probe expeditiously within a period of three months.From then till now, CBI recreated the crime scene on the basis of information provided by the jail staff as Sachan's body was moved from the unused toilet, where he was claimed to have been found dead, to a corridor about 20 feet away from the spot of the incident. The CBI also carried out polygraphy test on the jail staff to ascertain whether the information provided by them was true or not. Forensic experts from AIIMS were roped in to go into the scientific reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13028902", "title": "Kataria returns to Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: While the crisis deepened in Jaipur, Gulab Chand Kataria returned to Udaipur on Sunday. Following Raje's resignation, Kataria on Saturday had announced that he would not hold the Lok Jagran Yatra in the tribal belt of the state.On Sunday, Kataria blamed Kiran Maheshwari for the entire mess, saying that it was she who first started making controversial statements in the media. \"If she had a problem, she could have approached state or national leadership but she chose to go to the media, which sparked off a major controversy,'' he said.Maheshwari stayed back in Jaipur, extending support to Raje. As the crowd at the official residence of Vasundhara Raje grew on Sunday, the absence of Rajendra Rathore from the spot was hard to miss. Over the years, Rathore had gained reputation as Raje's right hand and was always leading from the front in times like these.He was among the most vocal legislators in 2009 when Raje was asked to resign from the post of the leader of opposition, which also led to his suspension. However, he is presently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail in the Dara Singh encounter case.According to party members, Rathore - a shrewd and a seasoned politician- would have tried his best to stop Raje from losing her temper and threatening to resign from the primary membership of the party. Sources claim that there are several party members including a few legislators who are trying hard to step into Rathore's shoes and get into the good books of Raje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028630", "title": "National Human Rights Commission irate over poor response from states to deal with silicosis", "text": "PANAJI: National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has expressed concern over the lack of seriousness of states, including Goa, in addressing the problem of silicosis.NHRC wants states to inform them about what they are doing for labourers in the unorganized sector who are prone to catch silicosis while working in silica dust generated in mines, stone crushing units, quarries, construction sites and glass cutting factories.NHRC member PC Sharma, after the conclusion of review meetings on silicosis held in New Delhi on Friday, said that states do not appear to be serious about tackling silicosis, an incurable lung disease caused due to inhaling silica. The issue remains a neglected area as they have failed to conduct surveys of industries generating silica and submit a 10-point questionnaire to the commission to assess work done by them. The fact is that no state can claim that there is no mining or an industry which does not generate silica, NHRC members said.\"NHRC member Sharma took serious view of the absence of representatives from Goa and Himachal Pradesh at the concluding review meeting where other states invited were Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab and Maharashtra. He also said that the states should have been represented by the secretaries of the concerned departments,\" said an NHRC press release.\"All the regional meetings on silicosis have been disappointing as the states have failed to give any proper action plan and showed total apathy to the issue. Barring Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Pudducherry there is nothing concrete done by most of the authorities,\" the press note states, emphasizing that the NHRC's approach to silicosis is rights-based which includes right to health and right to life and it is the responsibility of the state to ensure these.NHRC has demanded that the Centre organize a national conference of chief ministers and concerned ministers of all states and UTs to address the issue.\"Sharma added that despite the Factories Act, Labour Act and Minimum Wages Act, the poor section of labourers, constituting a majority in the unorganized sector in the country, remained neglected.\"There is no regulatory mechanism to inspect the issues relating to their health, wages, relief and rehabilitation in case of becoming a victim of occupational hazards,\" added an NHRC press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027059", "title": "AIIMS doctors spar over plaque", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's premier medical institute -AIIMS- prefers to spend money on beautification of the campus while ignoring basic facilities like having benches outside wards, clean drinking water, cafeteria and waiting room for the relatives of patients.The most recent example of such a cosmetic change, which many term \"unnecessary and unwanted expenditure\" is the refurbishing of the pillars in the academic wing that houses the director's office.The engineering department is replacing black granite plaques with white marble stones. The authorities say this is being done in one of the pillars to ensure that the carvings on the plaques are readable. \"The pillar which is being refurbished has a foundation stone carved on it. With black-green granite plaque the golden letters carved on it were not readable so we thought of trying to put white marble stone instead. If it is not acceptable, we will continue with the existing plaques,\" said one of the engineering staff.B S Anand, superintending engineer, AIIMS, on the other hand refused to comment on the issue. \"I do not know the details of the work. There is no plan to change the plaques on all pillars or replace them with marble stones,\" he said. Institute spokesperson Dr Y K Gupta was not available for comment.A hospital source said the work for replacing the existing plaque was started on April 29. When some senior faculty members saw the workers removing the plaques they complained to the authorities and stalled the work.The administration ordered the engineering staff to restart the work again on Sunday, a holiday. \"The black granite plaques are here for more than 50 years. No one has ever complained about problems in reading the message carved on it ,\" said a senior faculty member, who did not want to be named.Dr Sudipto Ranjan Singh, president of the AIIMS Resident' Doctors' Association added, \"While the authorities spend lakhs on beautification they fail to address the basic issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028066", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power will be shutdown in the following areas on Tuesday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenence workVELACHERY: Vijaya Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Ram Nagar, VGP Selva Nagar, 100 Feet Bypass Rd (both side), Kamarajarpuram, Lakshmi Nagar, Murugu Nagar, Dhandeeswaram, Rajalakshmi Nagar, Rajendra Nagar, Velachery Main Rd, Sarathi, Seethapathi Nagar, Baby Nagar, Tansi Nagar, Taramani &amp; Bypass Road, Lakshmipuram, Throupathi Amman Koil St, Madipakkam, Pallikaranai, Vanuvampet, Adampakkam.RAJ BHAVAN: TNHB, Raj Bhavan Colony, Kannigapuram, Periyar Nagar, Ambedkar Nagar, Indira Gandhi Nagar, Vandiakaran Road, Nehru Nagar, Kamrajapuram, part of Mount Road, Muthiyal St, Renganathan St, Basiyam Layout, Ambedkar Nagar, Narasingapuram, Velachery Road, SaRoadar Patel Road, Race course Road, Chakrapani Road.ALANDUR: Maduvankarai, Adambakkam, Meenambakkam, Thiruvalluvar Nagar, New Colony, VV Colony, Subbareddy Colony.KOTTIVAKKAM: Entire Thiruvalluvar Nagar, 1 to 4th SeawaRoad Road, East Mada St, Anna St, Kottivakkam Kuppam Road, New Beach Road, Journalist Colony, Srinivasapuram, LP Nagar, Kalyani St, Palakalai Nagar, Venkateswara Nagar, VGP Layout, part of EC Road, Anna salai, AIR Colony, Sankarapuram, Kandhasamy Nagar, Jayasankar Nagar, Karim Nagar, Sangam Colony, MGR St, Periyar Salai, Palavakkam Kuppam, Kottivakkam Kuppam.KADAPERI: MEPZ, part of Tambaram Sanatorium, West &amp; East Tambaram, GST Road, Chrompet, part of Sembakkam, Chitlapakkam, Nehru Nagar, Rural (Tambaram &amp; Thiruneermalai), Durga Nagar, Pachai Malai, Mudichur, Radha Nagar, Rail Nagar, Moulana Nagar, Amar Nagar, MES Road.STANLEY: Bharathi Arts college, Old Jail Road, BB Road, CB Road, PP Amman Koil St, Stanley Nagar, Ambedkar Nagar, Ananthanaya Nagar, Kathpada, Pensioner's Lane, Bijaraja Nagar, Mint Modern City, Srinivasa Nagar, part of TH Road, VR Road, part of Prakesam Road, part of Mannady, Thambu Chetty St, Broadway, SV Koil St, New St, Coral Merchant St, Royapuram, Ibrahimji St, PG Church St, Sevenwells.AMBATTUR INDUSTRIAL ESTATE: Ambattur Indl. Estate South Phase, Mugappair Indl. Estate, Vellala St, Ambattur Indl. Estate I &amp; II main Road, Southern Avenue Road, Reddy St, South Reddy St, Kavarai St, Munusamy St, SSOA Complex, Kalyani Estate, Natesan St.COOKS ROAD: Tank Bund Road 1, 2 &amp; Main St, Nehru Jothi Nagar 1, 2nd &amp; Main St, New Vazhaima Nagar, Krishnadoss Road, Park St, Sasthiri Nagar, Egangipuram 1 to 4th &amp; Main St, Semaathamman Colony 1 to 6th &amp; Main St, Thikaakulam, Strahans Road, part of Otteri, Strahans 1 to 5th Lane, Cooks Road, Hyder Garden 1 to 3 Road &amp; Main St, Eden Garden St, Somasundhara Nagar, Old Vahaima Nagar, KH Road, Subarayan 1 to 5th &amp; Main St, Chinna Babu, Othavadai St, Baracka Road 1, 2nd St, Income Tax, Periyadharshini Quarters SS, CR GaRoaden St, Ramanujam Garden St, CS Nagar, Dobi Kana, Devaraj St, Arunachalam St, Venkatesapakthan St, Chinnathambi St, New St, Padavattamman Koil St, Bricklin Road, Kamaraj St, Thiru.Vi.Ka St, SS Puram, Thideer Nagar, Yemi St, New Manickam St, Venkatarathinam St.PERUNGUDI: Perungudi Indl. Estate, Perungudi, Manikodi Srinivasa Nagar, Okkiyam, Thoraipakkam, Kandanchavadi, Neelankarai, MCN Nagar, part of - OM Road, ECR., Kazura Garden, Palavakkam, Nehru Nagar, Venkateswara Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027164", "title": "BJP, TRS both woo Rasamayi for Parkal", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to bag Parkal, the lone Assembly seat in the Telangana region going to polls as part of the June 12 byelections, the BJP and TRS are vying to field singer-activist Rasamayi Balakishan as their official candidate. The popular balladeer, however, wants to be a consensual candidate for those political parties striving for a separate Telangana state.Rasamyi has been at the forefront of the Telangana movement and it is BJP which is understood to have made the first move to woo him. Alarmed by BJP's overtures, TRS is now making efforts of its own to win over Rasamayi to its fold.Rasamayi, for his part, has asked the all-party Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) to convince BJP and TRS to put up a united candidate for Parkal.\"We are all fighting for Telangana; if I represent one party and face the other which is espousing the same cause, it would benefit opposition parties. Therefore I appeal to BJP and TRS to name me as their consensual candidate,\" Rasamayi said.However, Rasamayi's views have put the three stakeholders in a dilemma. M Kodandaram, the T-JAC chairman, said: \"We are not in a position to advise any political party, but we wish that there is a consensual candidate representing the pro-Telangana movement.\"The BJP has suggested that it is open to joining hands with TRS but leaders said that the final call on the Parkal candidate would be taken at the party's co-ordination committee meeting, to be held on Tuesday.\"There are various options, including fielding Rasamayi as a consensual candidate of TRS and BJP. We will discuss the options at the co-ordination committee meeting,\" said G Kishen Reddy, the BJP state president.The TRS, however, has ruled out any possible truck with BJP for the bypolls. \"The party has decided to go it alone in the bypolls. There is no possibility of joining hands with BJP,\" said Dr Shrawan Dasoju, a TRS politburo member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028925", "title": "One add-on , multiple uses", "text": "Shareaholic is a free web browser add-on that lets users share web pages, tweet, bookmark, and blog online with friends, family and co-workers. The plugin is meant to make content sharing on the web faster and easier while also making it simple for web publishers , advertisers and mainstream businesses to measure the effectiveness of their content.Shareaholic is compatible with most major web browsers including Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome , Opera and Safari, and supports sharing with over 60 destination services including Twitter , Digg, Google mail, and Facebook . A user needs to install the plugin on the browser and use it to share any page/link he/she likes on the web. In addition, the plugin also indicates the number of shares for any web page when the user clicks on the icon on the browser.For a publisher of a website, it makes sharing easier. Instead of writing scripts for multiple sites, it allows him/her to use a single script for most web sharing sites, thus simplifying the entire process. On the advertiser front, Shareaholic allows real time bidding, using the large amount of data collected, to make judgements on optimum performance and economic buying.This data drives quality visibility, traffic, leads, and views to websites and content through real-time bidding advertising platforms. It helps deliver targetable data and audiences to advertisers for selling advertisement inventories. It also helps manage multiple social media profiles. The content sharing tools on it are available for most websites including WordPress , Tumblr, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13027854", "title": "H1N1 plea only seeks to serve private interests: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has thrown out a petition seeking a direction to the authorities concerned that H1N1 henceforth not be referred to as 'swine flu' and to the government to publicise pork as a \"harmless\" meat with \"nil side-effects\".Justice K Chandru, before whom the issue came up for hearing last week, rejected the petition, filed by the Pig Farmers' Association, and said such a petition could not be countenanced.The judge said interest groups such as the association must carry out their own propaganda if they want to give their business a boost. \"They cannot compel the state to come to their rescue,\" he said.The petition wanted the court to direct the state government to spread awareness about \" swine flu \" and to advertise that eating pork is harmless and that it did not have any side-effects. Such measures, it said, would help dispel unnecessary fear among people and allow them to eat pork without any inhibition.The association submitted a representation on April 20 requesting adequate publicity by government to \"disabuse the minds of public on the H1N1\".Justice Chandru pointed out that since the government is secular according to the Constitution, it cannot advertise pork, especially when there are injunctions by some religions against followers eating pork.He cited the Jewish law relating to prohibition of pork. \"Pork is forbidden for consumption by Jews. These foods are known as 'non-kosher' foods. In order for a meat to be kosher, it must first come from a kosher animal, which should have split hooves. Therefore, cows, sheep, goats and deer are all kosher, whereas camels and pigs are not kosher,\" Justice Chandru said. Islamic law also prohibits consumption of pork, he added.\"Apart from these factors, it must be noted that there should be an enforceable right on the part of the petitioner and corresponding obligation on the part of the state to do a particular thing,\" he said.Noting that 17,000 people had died of the H1N1 infection worldwide, the judge said the World Health Organisation had issued pandemic preparedness for the disease in April 2011. However, he agreed that transmission of the virus from pigs to humans is not common and that consumption of pork does not lead to human's being infected by the virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026877", "title": "Share broker's body found on beach", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old share broker's body, bearing marks of knife injuries and the head bludgeoned, was found on Manori beach on Sunday morning.The Gorai police, who have registered a case of murder, are trying to trace his friends with whom the victim was last heard playing cards with at night. Though they are yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder, the officers suspect that the group had a dispute over the money they were playing on and that could have led to Ramesh Dedhia's death.It was on Saturday when Dedhia left his home in Malwani. Around 11am on Sunday, the police control room received a call from residents of the area, informing them of a body lying near the Kader Baba dargah on Manori beach. A team from the Gorai police station sent the body to Bhagwati Hospital for post-mortem.The police said the accused killed Dedhia by hitting him on his head with a blunt object. \"We traced his family through the last number recorded on Dedhia's mobile, which we found by his body. The call was from his wife. From her, we learnt that Dedhia was a share broker,\" said an officer from the Gorai police station. \"The mobile was partially damaged.\"Dedhia's wife told the police that he left home on Saturday morning for work. \"Around 10.00 pm on Saturday, I called my husband and asked him when he would return home. At that time, he told me that he was playing cards with his friends somewhere and would leave shortly. This was our last conversation. Later, his mobile remained unreachable. I assumed that he would return in the morning,\" she mentioned in the FIR.The police are also scanning the calls Dedhia made and received in the past 24 hours. \"His wife thinks that the friends with whom he was playing cards are behind the killing,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034175", "title": "Anoop Menon's script for Mammootty's next !", "text": "Ace actor and script writer, Anoop Menon, has taken up another writing project.Anoop Menon, is the scriptwriter for Mammootty's next, where Mammootty plays a driver. Ranjith is all set to direct the movie and the shooting is scheduled to start later this year.When personalities like, Anoop Menon, Ranjith and Mammootty join up all we can expect is a huge hit !This wait is worth.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026947", "title": "'No work talk on networking sites'", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has asked all customs and central excise officers not to post online comments on official matters. Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), the governing body of these officers, has said any violation will attract action under conduct rules.\"It has been brought to the notice of the board that some officers are posting online comments relating to official matters on social networking sites, such as Facebook, causing confusion and avoidable controversy among officers in different parts of the country,'' an April 12 letter signed by joint secretary, administration, Lok Ranjan said.Officers, however, said this is a gag order. \"We do not have access to the files handled by the administration wing. Hence, our discussion is not on specific cases. We are discussing an issue that concerns our promotions. This is an absurd direction,'' a senior official said.The CBEC became worried when officers posted their views on a Supreme Court judgment, including adverse comments on the seniority list relied on by the department for deciding promotions at the commissioner level. \"It has been reported that the said post created confusion regarding the SC's judgment among officers in different parts of the country and also needless controversy over seniority issues....'' Ranjan's letter said.The SC passed a judgment in August 2011, on the long pending issue of preparing a seniority list of officials while being promoted from superintendents /appraisers to assistant commissioners. The SC had directed the government to follow new guidelines for all those officers who are already assistant commissioners. This was suggested to ensure that there was no disparity.The SC had asked the board to implement the directive by December 31, 2011. But in January this year, the department considered the old seniority list and recommended 62 persons for promotion as commissioner. This included a few persons who would not have been promoted if the board had obeyed the SC directions. In February 2012, the board moved the SC, saying its directions could be implemented prospectively. The SC rejected the applications and granted three months to implement the August 2011 order. This was discussed extensively on the networking site.The board also felt that a discussion on central excise duty evasion by a gutkha manufacturer was unwarranted. An officer posted the details, including extracts of the show-cause notice and sought comments from fellow officers.\"Discussing details of investigations on social networking sites and online comments on merits when adjudication or appellate proceedings may be underway is completely unwarranted,'' the letter said. Officers said in this case, the board's decision is justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028574", "title": "Over 1k autorickshaws get e-meters in a week", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 1,000 autorickshaws have got electronic meters installed in the past one week, making it the best in the city's struggle to get a fair ride.Of this, 500 arrived at Andheri RTO in just one day (Thursday). Said deputy RTO Shailesh Meshram, \"There was an unusual rush on Thursday and our officials worked till late evening to instal the e-meters. We are witnessing a steady growth in the number of autos arriving daily for the fitness tests and switching over to e-meters.\"Autos with electronic meters are also visible on the roads in the eastern and western suburbs, with the total number reaching close to 2,000 till now.Wadala RTO's senior official Abhay Deshpande said: \"There was huge resistance in the past, but now there is no alternative but to instal these gadgets. The Supreme Court has directed the government to monitor the installation of these meters. Autos coming to us for the annual fitness tests have to compulsarily replace the old mechanical meters with the electronic devices.\"Besides, the RTO at Andheri and Wadala have begun a drive to check for autos with expired fitness certificates. Sources said that some of the drivers, in a bid to avoid installing e-meters, were skipping the annual fitness tests. \"But we have conducted checks on more than 200 autos last week for expired fitness certificates. With the fear of being fined and licences/permits suspended, the drivers are now rushing for the tests and getting the new gadgets installed,\" said Deshpande. Both Andheri and Wadala RTO apprehended at least six autos with expired fitness certificates. They have also caught a dozen auto drivers for fake tariff cards and fined them Rs 2,600 each. State transport commissioner V N More has appealed to citizens to inform the RTO or traffic police about bogus tariff cards. One can call on 1800-22-0110.Commuters are witnessing a \"pleasant ride\" in autos fitted with the new devices. Housewife Asha Somaiya said, \"The other day, when I was travelling from Ghatkopar (E) to Mulund, I got an auto with an e-meter. The fares were normal.\"E-meters show the distance travelled, waiting time and actual fare on screen and one need a tariff card. But since e-meters in both autos and taxis are not recalibrated after the recent fare hike, drivers have to refer RTO's special tariff card which shows the fare equivalent to the distance travelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027913", "title": "Pre-monsoon cleaning drive is corporation\u2019s new headache", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation and the district health administration are in a fix with the former unable to spend the money sanctioned by the latter for pre-monsoon cleaning activities because of summer showers. The funds were sanctioned for ward-level sanitation and cleaning works to check the spread of fever during monsoon.The district health administration has sanctioned an amount of Rs 15,000 for each corporation ward towards the drive. Each ward in the panchayats and municipalities are to get Rs 10,000.\"We had written several times to the corporation authorities to take effective steps to remove the garbage before monsoon. Now the summer rain has worsened the situation as the garbage piled up has started to decay,\" said district medical officer Dr Peethambaran.With the garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala remaining shut since December, the corporation is unable to remove the garbage that has piled up. These garbage heaps have become breeding grounds for mosquitoes and may trigger health problems, health department officials feel.The intermittent rains have also triggered the spread of fever with 57,963 cases being reported in the district this year. Irate with the attitude of the corporation authorities, the district health administration has decided to write to the mayor and the corporation secretary to take immediate steps.\"Once fever spreads, the blame is put immediately on the health department. It is the duty of the local self-government to clean up the city and tackle the source of mosquitoes that spread fever,\" said a senior health department official.The district health administration had urged the corporation authorities to burn the garbage in open spaces, outside the vicinity of residential areas if they are unable to shift the garbage to the treatment plant. But now with the summer showers gaining strength in the capital, the cleaning process has come to a standstill. \"The major cause of worry is that most of the drains and canals are blocked and have become a breeding ground for the mosquitoes. It has to be cleaned first,\" said the district medical officer.On an average about 400 deliveries take place at SAT in a month.Following the incident in 2007, fumigation and sterilization process was made mandatory every week in the operation theatre, labour room and also in the outborn and inborn nurseries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031132", "title": "Godfather and Princess of Bhangra are back", "text": "Yes! The Godfather of Bhangra and the Princess of Bhangra, Channi Singh and Mona Singh are back together to burn the floor for Bhangra music fans. So far they have made the most promising and successfull career and with 'Alaap' they are sure to continue the legend.Mona Singh said,\" it's a dream come true to work with my father. He is an absolute legend and I am nervously excited for the release.\"While the EP 'Bhabhiye ni Bhabhiye' was released under their own brandname Sargam Productions in UK. Now the full album is coming on Indyarecords for the fans in India.Songs like, 'Ve Vanjareya', 'Teri chunni de sitare', 'main chham chham nachdi phiran' will surely be the upcoming tunes for desi parties.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027014", "title": "'Display noise levels of crackers on govt website'", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a month after the Central Information Commission (CIC) directed the ministry of environment and forests to publish reports of all commissions and special panels on its website within a month of receiving them, it has asked the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO) to display noise levels of firecrackers on its website.The order, which was delivered last week, was a result of a complaint filed by activist Sumaira Abdulali contending that the information regarding tests carried out on firecrackers for hazardous chemical content and noise levels by agencies authorized by the MoEF should be disclosed on the official website under Section 4 of the RTI Act.The demand for measuring noise levels of fireworks has been a longstanding one. In October 1999, the MoEF amended noise pollution as defined in the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986, and banned the manufacture, sale and use of firecrackers generating noise levels exceeding 125dB (AL) or 145dB (C). The department of explosives under the ministry of industry and commerce is expected to regulate the grant of licences to manufacturers of explosives, said the MoEF.After Abdulali filed the complaint in November last year, PESO had undertaken a study in association with MEPCO Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi, in compliance of the Supreme Court order of July 18, 2005. \"PESO may consider loading the information about noise testing of firecrackers on its website in accordance with Section 4 of the RTI Act, 2005 for public disclosure of information with respect to sampling and testing of firecrackers for noise norms,\" states the letter sent by the chief public information officer of the ministry to the chief controller of explosives, PESO.\"It has been seven years since the SC ordered that the noise levels be measured and put in the public domain. If the tests are carried out and results obtained, they should have been made public by now,\" said Abdulali. \"In 2010, the police drafted firecracker rules, but the state is yet to implement them. It looks like nobody is interested in monitoring the noise levels,\" she added.In his order, chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"The (MoEF) PIO pointed out that the issue of testing noise levels for firecrackers at the manufacturing stage is within the jurisdiction of PESO and they are reportedly taking samples from the market and testing them for noise level compliance as per notification of the government of India of October 1999. The PIO has written a letterto PESO on April 21, 2011 and issued a reminder on March 19, 2012 to put up the report online. The commission is sure that PESO will display its report on its website as early as possible.\"Mumbai: Almost a month after the Central Information Commission directed the Ministry of Environment and Forests to publish reports of all commissions, special committees or panels on its website within a month of receiving them, it has now asked the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO) to display the noise levels of firecrackers on its website.The order delivered last week was a result of a complaint filed by activist Sumaira Abdulali contending that the information regarding tests carried out on fire crackers for hazardous chemical content and noise level by agencies authorized by MoEF be disclosed on the MoEF under section 4 of the RTI Act.The demand of measuring the noise levels of various firecrackers has been a longstanding one. The Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) amended \"noise pollution\" defined in the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986 and banned the manufacture, sale and use of fire-crackers generating noise levels exceeding 125 dB (AL) or 145 dB (C) notified in October 1999. The Department of Explosives under the Ministry of Industry and Commerce is expected to regulate the grant of licenses to manufacturers of explosives, says MoEF.After the complaint was filed by Abdulali in November last year, PESO had undertaken a study in association with MEPCO Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi, compliance of the Supreme Court order of July 18, 2005. \"PESO may consider loading the information about noise testing of fire crackers on its website in accordance with Section 4 of the RTI Act, 2005 for public disclosure of the information in respect of sampling and testing of fire crackers for noise norms,\" read the letter sent by the chief public information officer of the Ministry to the Chief Controller of Explosives, PESO.\"It has been seven years since the Supreme Court ordered that the noise levels be measured and put up in the public domain. If the tests were carried out and results obtained, they should have been made public by now,\" said Abdulali.Chief Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, in his order said, \"The (MoEF) PIO has pointed out that the issue of testing noise levels for fire crackers at manufacturing stage is within the jurisdiction of PESO and they are reportedly taking samples from the market and testing them for noise level compliance as per notification of the government of India of October 1999. The PIO has written a letter to PESO on April 21, 12 and issued a reminder on March 19, 2012 to put up the report online. The Commission is sure that PESO will display its report on its website as early as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028802", "title": "Mumbai-Pune expressway: Fast lane to accidents?", "text": "MUMBAI: Stepping on the accelerator on the Mumbai-Pune expressway is unlikely to save much travel time, but could rather cost you your life. An experiment conducted recently by the expressway administration and highway traffic authorities revealed that the difference in time taken by a speeding car (more than 100kmph) and a normally driven car (80kmph) to reach Pune from Panvel or viceversa , was only eight-and-ahalf to nine minutes. The speeding car covered the distance of 94km just nine minutes ahead of the car driven at a normal permissible speed. \"So why risk your precious life for a mere 9 minutes ?\" said Umesh Chaudhary , project manager at the expressway call centre. Lack of lane discipline causes mishapsA recent experiment by the Mumbai-Pune expressway authorities and the traffic department highlighted the dangerous foolishness of speeding to save time.Project manager at the expressway call centre Umesh Chaudhary, who was part of the experimentation and research team, said those who drove above 80kmph have either met with fatal accidents or sustained serious injuries. \"Even speeding the vehicle out of joy is worth giving up than risk lives,\" he said. He added 90% of the expressway's mishaps were due to loss of control, dozing off at the wheel or collisions at high speed. \"Had the speed been at 80 kmph or lower, loss of control or collision would not have impacted as seriously,\" he said.Chaudhary said traffic and expressway authorities drove the cars between Pune and Panvel at different speeds and measured the time saved against risk factors involved in high and low-speed ranges. It was found that vehicles saved a minimum eight minutes and a maximum of 10 minutes . \"Speeds above 80 kmph often resulted in tyre bursts, sudden loss of steering control, vehicle losing its balance , or a crash while overtaking,\" said another engineer, part of the MSRDC monitoring team for the expressway . He said after the experiment , the MSRDC and highway authorities distributed pamphlets among drivers highlighting the dangers of speeding.The study also found that driving at more than 80kmph without an interval could be dangerous. \"Especially in the wee hours of morning or late at night, or after a heavy meal, there are chances of dozing off at the wheel while at high speed. After every half an hour to 45 minutes, drivers should stop to take a break,\" said an official who was part of the experiment.However, accidents on the expressway since its inception in 2001 were one-third of those on the old Pune highway. \"The old highway witnessed 400 deaths every year due to mishaps, the expressway registered 500 deaths in 10 years,\" an official from the expressway maintenance team said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034790", "title": "Vazhakku director dreams", "text": "Did you know that director Balaji Shaktivel came into the industry wanting to become an actor?The filmmaker, who is receiving a lot of acclaim for his latest flick Vazhakku Enn 18/9, revealed this himself during a chat show on television recently. \"Yes, I wanted to become an actor,\" he said, \"But slowly, I moved into direction.\"This is perhaps why the filmmaker is giving a lot of opportunities to youngsters and amateurs in his films. While his landmark flick Kadhal made Bharath and Sandhya sensations overnight, his current film also revolves around newcomers and have given them a big break in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13028185", "title": "Differently-abled group to brave Himalayan expedition", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Physical and mental disability doesn't seem to be any bar for a bunch of adventure enthusiasts embarking on a Himalayan trekking expedition. A group of seven physically and mentally-challenged persons has decided to go on Mission Shikhar, an expedition to Mt Stok Kangri at a height of 2,086 ft in Leh-Ladakh region.They left for the preparatory training camp in Manali on Sunday. \"I love adventure. Trekking and mountaineering must be very exciting and thrilling so I thought of being a part of the mission. It is definitely achallenge but we readily accept it as the mission gave us an opportunity to prove our abilities,\" said Susanta Kumar Mallick, an orthopedically challenged student of Plus III final year in Ravenshaw University.In the preparatory camp to be held in Manali, the team members would undergo training in rock climbing, rappelling, jummarring, rope tying, river crossing, obstacles and high altitude acclimatization. \"I never doubted the ability of these differently-abled persons. Despite their disabilities, they have strong will power and determination, which make them successful in the adventure,\" said Susanta Kumar Das, chief of the mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027321", "title": "Forest department rescues 120 parrots", "text": "COIMBATORE: Forest department officials rescued 120 parrots including rose ringed species from three novelty bird stores that had been selling these birds near Ukkadam fish market on Sunday.Some of the green activists in the city noticed the birds being sold and passed on the information to the District Forest Officer V Thirunavakkarasu and a team of officials raided the shops and took the birds into custody. Three persons were also fined Rs 5000 each for selling these birds, in violation of the Wild Life Act.According to forest department officials, they rescued the birds at around 11 am and also fined the owners of these shops, A Abbas( 28), A Sami (30) and Prem (32) for indulging in the illegal sale of birds. All three shops were located near the Corporation fish market near Ukkadam.\"The trio was found to have violated schedule four of the Wild Life Act 1972b and we imposed a fine on them and also rescued the entire flock of birds from their custody. There were three rose ringed parrots also with them which were to be sold,\" said SM Natarajan, Range Officer, Coimbatore.Some green activists spotted the birds being sold in the locality and notified forest department officials on Sunday morning. They sent their volunteers to the spot and soon a team of forest department officials arrived and took the birds into their custody.\"Almost all birds seen in the Indian forests are listed under schedule four of the Wild Life Act. There are many shops in the area where different varieties of birds are being sold on a regular basis,\" said NI Jalaludin, President, The Nature Conservation Society.Some green activists spotted the birds being sold in the locality and notified forest department officials on Sunday morning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028651", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Congress smells Rs 12 crore scam in painting blackboards green at government schools", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress in Madhya Pradesh suspects a scam to the tune of Rs 11.5 crore in changing the colour of blackboards to green at the government schools in the state.Senior Congress leader and former minister Govind Singh filed a complaint with the Lokayukta on Saturday naming school education minister Archana Chitnis and alleging her involvement in the Rs 11.5 crore 'blackboard scam'.In his complaint, he argued that Chitnis in the capacity of a minister had allegedly exploited her position to monetarily benefit some companies and herself. He demanded that the Lokayukta should register a case against the minister under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988 and relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).In his complaint to the Lokayukta, Singh claimed that on June 16, 2010, the school education minister sent a direction to B R Naidu, commissioner, public instruction, that blackboards in the government-run schools were in a tattered state.Chitnis wrote, \"The blackboards in the classrooms of government schools are in dilapidated and broken condition. The next school session starts from July 1. So in an organised manner have all boards repaired and their colour be changed to green.''The Congress alleged that within two days after issuing the note, all district education department officials were informed that blackboards were to be painted green in government schools. \"There were brazen irregularities in the tender allotment. Only two companies known to the education minister were given the assignment. One was Classic Traders of Ujjain and the other Adinath Enterprises of Badwani,'' Singh told TOI. \"These two companies submitted tenders under various fake names and secured the tenders for the work in every district.\"According to Singh, the scam extended to the billing of the contract. \"How much do you need to paint a blackboard green? The maximum expenditure should be between Rs 50 and Rs 60,'' Singh said. \"But for every blackboard, the state paid Rs 500 to the two companies. In total, the government paid Rs 11.57 crore including service taxes to the two beneficiary companies. This money was part of the Rs 169 crore package that came from the Union government and was specifically for the maintenance of school buildings,'' he alleged.The Congress on Sunday afternoon said that if the Lokayukta did not take cognizance of the case within a month, the party would take the issue to the law courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13027593", "title": "Gujarat Inc defies Narendra Modi fundraiser", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Dhansangrah' scheme to raise Rs 500 crore for BJP to fight the assembly polls later this year has bombed miserably as Gujarati businessmen refused to pay up. While the collection is barely one-third of the target, some have dubbed this as extortion and others protection money.Worse, even the Election Commission has taken note of the blatant involvement of the bureaucracy in this fund-raising drive and has issued a stern warning to 'babus'. The EC's hawk-eye has also recorded the fact that businessmen who refused to pay up have been harassed by state agencies.At least half a dozen industry associations have passed resolutions and issued letters asking members not to donate funds. But, as a result, some of them have faced punitive action from the pollution control board or electricity companies.The ceramic hub of Morbi was the worst hit after defying officials who wanted tile-makers to contribute generously to BJP coffers. Raids followed immediately and all the office-bearers had to resign. The message of Morbi was loud and clear to other small and medium industries - pay up or get penalised. Industries in Jetpur and Chotila ended up paying partly after some initial defiance.But not everyone has surrendered. Fair price shop owners, who were expected to shell out Rs 10,000 each, passed a resolution for non-payment. Like-wise, most industries in GIDC estates, said they will not contribute a single paisa till VAT, electricity duty and stamp duty is reduced.Diamond and textiles industries of Surat, Vallabh Vidyanagar industry association, Nandesari estate and most of the units in central and south Gujarat have given a very lukewarm response to this scheme. In Ahmedabad, most business and industry associations in Madhavpura, Revdi Bazar, Relief Road, Gandhi Road, Kalupur and other business hubs haven't contributed. Vadodara too saw a similar trend in Karelibagh, Dandia Bazar, Waghodia road, Gorwa and Subhanpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027517", "title": "Fair deal: UP government to start e-tendering for mining contracts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ripple effects of Uttar Pradesh's information technology initiatives will soon be felt below the Earth's surface as well. In a bid to make allotment of contracts in the mining sector transparent, the state government will introduce the e-tendering mechanism for the mining department.The changes will be effected in the state's new mining policy which is expected to be announced next week. Confirming the decision, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said, \"E-tendering will make the contract process transparent and error-free. The provisions for etendering already existed but had not been implemented in the mining department.''The new policy awaits an approval from chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who also holds the mining portfolio. Till now, tendering for the mining licences was being done manually in UP. Though the new policy will only govern minor minerals -- sand, stone chips and Yamuna sand (maurang), among others, the decision is expected to clean up the rampant corruption in allotting mining contracts. Mining licences for major minerals like iron-ore, gold, rare earth elements, zinc and other minerals will continue to be allotted on a firstcome-first-serve basis since they are governed by the Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Act of 1957, which is currently under review in the Lok Sabha.The state government's new eprocurement policy, however, will regulate mining licences for minor minerals. Under this, the entire bidding process, including registration, coding, bid opening, evaluation and awarding of contract, will be done online. Hardware support will be provided by Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited, while software inputs will be lent by the state technical unit of the National Informatics Centre (NIC). This will leave little scope for allowing fake bids, or last minute entry of bidders based on political or bureaucratic will.\"There is an entire mining mafia in place operating in the Bundelkhand and Sonbhadra regions, regarded as the most mineral rich parts of UP. This system will ensure political or bureaucratic will does not come in the way of the tendering process,'' a former UP bureaucrat said.According to the Indian Bureau of Mining, in 2009-10, the value of minor mineral production in UP was pegged at Rs 2749.5 crore. A total of 9290 hectares of land is being mined in the state. An order for online tendering had earlier also been issued by the Allahabad high court. In addition, the World Bank had also said it would not grant a development policy loan to UP unless a transparent e-procurement process was put in place.Following these orders, former chief minister Mayawati had introduced the e-procurement system in January 2008, but the practice was quietly dropped in 2010 without citing any reasons. In 2008, as a pilot project, e-procurement was introduced in seven departments, including PWD, and family welfare, which was plagued by the National Rural Health Mission scam.Later, it was also extended to four more departments in 2009 but dropped hurriedly in January 2010 because it was \"too transparent\". This happened even though the same ministers had earlier approved the system after hearing of the project's successful implementation in Maharashtra and Karnataka. In Andhra Pradesh, Rs 2,000 crore was saved between 2003 and 2006 by taking the e-procurement route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13028676", "title": "Is this an international stadium, asks Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar", "text": "MARGAO: Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar continued with his \"surprise visits\" across the state and, not surprisingly, was left to ponder on the sad state of the available sports infrastructure.Early on Sunday morning-at 7am to be precise-when the security guards were beginning to leave for home after night duty and some enthusiasts were swimming in the pool, Tawadkar showed up unannounced at the Nehru stadium complex in Fatorda. \"Is this what you call an international stadium,\" Tawadkar sought to know.The sports minister spent some time at the swimming pool, inquired of the users and got a first-hand report of the situation. He then walked to the stadium across the pool and, here too, there was no encouraging sight.Tawadkar, a former physical education teacher, walked the length of the stadium and in many places was greeted by leaking ceilings and water pipes. The sports minister was also witness to a pool of water in one of the dormitories at the stadium and watched in amusement how dogs put an unlocked room on the eastern stand of the stadium to good use.\"Goa will be hosting two major sporting events in the next couple of years. I thought it was best to inspect the existing sports infrastructure. I had visited Peddem sports complex at Mapusa a few days ago and now I know the exact status of Fatorda,\" Tawadkar said.\"At Fatorda, we have the space but it is not being maintained. The surroundings need to be clean. There is a mess and scrap all around and it's not befitting an international stadium,\" Tawadkar, who was not accompanied by any sports official, said. The sports minister was also critical of the leaking roofs and water accumulation in the rooms. \"There is no proper illumination in the dormitories,\" he said.Goa has been allotted the Lusofonia Games 2013 and National Games 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027214", "title": "Commercial vehicles in National Capital region duck green norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trucks and tourist buses with national permits and registered in NCR that need to move cargo or people between two points in NCR are now required to comply with Bharat Stage IV emission standards. The notification was issued this February but sources claim there is negligible compliance. With the Delhi government planning to go big on reining in overloaded trucks and polluting vehicles to bring down emission levels in the city, this has become a major point of worry.Delhi adopted BS IV standards in 2010 but commercial vehicles with national permits tried to wriggle out of it by claiming that clean fuel would not be available to them outside of NCR. Now, the ministry of road transport and highways has made a formal amendment to the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, making it mandatory for all commercial vehicles that travel point-to-point within the NCR to comply with BS IV standards.\"The Supreme Court-appointed Environment Pollution Control Authority had initiated the change to BS IV standards to bring down air pollution in Delhi. Commercial vehicles contribute in a major way to total emissions. The rule was put in place in 2010 and the 2012 amendment was only a clarification of a disputed point. With two years already behind us, there is no excuse that commercial vehicle owners can have,\" said Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director, Centre for Science and Environment.SP Singh, co-ordinator at Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training, said that of the four states party to this policy - Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan - about 60% of the total commercial vehicle traffic passes through Delhi.\"We have spoken to manufacturers who say they are not commercially rolling out BS-IV vehicles as there is no demand. Transporters say that as vehicles are not available, they cannot switch. Before the notification was issued, both were taken on board and they cannot claim they were unaware of the situation,\" he said.IFTRT has also alleged that in Delhi, most good carriers, trucks and trailers are being employed by government agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13026640", "title": "Prepaid electricity meters to make an entry in Noida soon", "text": "NOIDA: Power consumers in Noida can soon have the option to shift to a prepaid system of electricity consumption as Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, is working on a system to introduce such meters in the city.The introduction of this system will enable customers to avoid paying monthly electricity bills and help plan their domestic budgets around projected electricity consumption.The power company is devising a system to enable sale of 'power cash cards' and recharging options on orders of the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission. With prepaid meters, power consumers would be free to buy cards of different denominations and use the value equivalent of these cards in consuming electricity units.These meters work on the latest technology and have a recording device and an isolating device installed onto them, which ensure power supply only till there is credit balance. \"The recording device measures the units of power consumed, while the isolating device switches off supply automatically once the credit is exhausted,\" said an official of PVVNL.For enabling the online system, PVVNL is working towards setting up a system where a code can be generated by swiping a debit card on an ATM machine and selecting the desired denomination of cash card. \"This code can then be fed on to a console on the prepaid meter, which will recharge it. Consumers can restrict electricity usage through the prepaid system rather than running up a huge bill at the end of the billing cycle in the conventional system,\" said the official. The prepaid system is expected to be particularly helpful to those residents who have rented out their properties in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13029045", "title": "Discovery of America: Italian beat Columbus?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Christopher Columbus who has been credited with discovering America may not be the first to land on the continent, as a new study has revealed another Italian navigator may have had the knowledge of European expeditions to the \"New World\" that predated Columbus's 1492 voyage. Columbus famously sailed to the Caribbean islands in 1492 but he wouldn't reach the mainland of the New World till 1498. Now, ancient historic documents reveal that with a royal patent from Henry VII of England, Italian merchant John Cabot sailed from Bristol to North America in 1497, Discovery News reported. The document , found in works of a secretive historian, suggest that Cabot made three voyages between the summers of 1496 and 1498, and on the second one, carried out in 1497, he landed in Newfoundland. Found in a private Florentine archive, the documents say that a payment of 50 nobles sterling was made to \"Giovanni Chabotte\" (John Cabot) of Venice so that he could undertake expeditions \"to find the new land\" .\"This brief entry opens a whole new chapter in Cabot scholarship. It shows that the Bristol voyages were part of a wider network of Italian-supported exploratory enterprises,\" historian Francesco Guidi-Bruscoli , of the University of Florence, told Discovery News. Guidi Bruscoli noted that the short entry referred to \"the new land\" and not to \"a new land\" . \"The use of the definite article (' il' - 'the' ) rather than the indefinite 'a' (' un' in Italian ) is puzzling,\" Bruscoli said. The phrasing might imply that the money was paid to Cabot to find a land which was already known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "wardha/ yavatmal", "code": "13028944", "title": "8 killed in ghastly road accident", "text": "WARDHA/ YAVATMAL: Eight persons were killed while three others sustained serious injuries when the Tavera vehicle they were travelling in dashed against a container at Paunar, 10km from here on Sunday morning. Two of the injured died before reaching Sewagram hospital. The truck driver fled after the accident.The names of those killed in the mishap are Arvind Rangari (31), Jayshree Munneshwar (25), Prashant Bhagat (29), Sudhir Wankhede (29), all residents of village Lohara, Ulhas Sonone (37) of village Ambodi in Akot tehsil, Yogita Awasare (28) and her father Gangadhar Awasare (60), both residents of Darwha tehsil and driver Pramod Pole (38) of village Donad in Ner tehsil.The names of those injured include Sandip Borkar, Surendra Kamble and Nitin Patil, all residents of Lohara. They have been admitted to Sewagram hospital.The four-wheeler (MH 29 V 3235), carrying aspiring candidates for the examination of talathi and clerk, was headed to Gondia from Yavatmal. However, it dashed against a truck (MH 06 AC 6523) near the turning of Paunar bridge around 5am.The impact of the dash was such that the passengers died on the spot while it took two hours to rescue the injured. A JCB machine had to be pressed into service to extricate the bodies from the mangled heap of the ill-fated vehicle.One of the deceased Jayashree has a one-year-old daughter while her husband Ravi Manwar is a caterer. Pole is a relative of MPCC president Manikrao Thakre's wife.According to police inspector KI Mirza of Sewagram, the container was on the wrong side of the road when the Tavera rammed into it. The next of the kin of the deceased and injured reached the spot to claim the bodies, Mirza said.Driver of the container Ashok Yadav fled the spot after the accident, Mirza said. A criminal offence has been registered under sections 279,337,338 and 304 (A) of IPC and under section 184 of Motor Vehicle Act against the absconding driver of the container which belongs to Kiran Sonilendhe of Vashi ( New Bombay).PI Mirza is investigating further.Resident deputy collector of Gondia KNK Rao said that the examination for the posts of talathi and clerk was to be held at 12noon on Sunday. The noon time was fixed to ensure that candidates from far off places did not face difficulty, Rao said. However, the road accident proved to be a dampener, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028526", "title": "Walkways bypassed in Kolar area", "text": "BHOPAL: Kolar area, a suburb of sorts, is a classic case of urban mismanagement where the idea of footpath has literally gone for a toss. Though the area is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Bhopal , it is woefully short on basic infrastructural amenities like pavement , parking space and a proper hawkers' corner for vendors.There are more than 1,000 commercial establishments in the main markets of area including Sarvadharm, Beema Kunj and Lalita Nagar. The township, across both sides of a single 10-20 km road, extends from Neher square to Kajli Kheda.Perhaps not realizing the rapid construction activity and the likely requirement for infrastructure facilities like wide road, footpath, walking along a small stretch of the main is a real nightmarish experience for walkers. There are commercial establishments on both sides of the main road. Due to absence of parking lots here, people park vehicles in front of the shops, blocking the way for the pedestrians.On an average, around 30,000 vehicles ply in and around this place every day. To put it simply, a walk in the main area can only be at one's won risk. The main road is barely 10-15 feet long. Both sides of the roads is covered with mud and stones, forcing people to trudge though it.To add to the walkers' problem, whatever little space walkers can use is used for parking of vehicles, vendors putting up vegetable carts and commuters waiting for buses. Crowded roadside kiosks also add to the misery of walkers.Crossing roads is not free from risk for walkers here. \"Since it is a main road, the number of vehicles plying on the road is quite high, making crossing roads a risky venture. We have made complaints to the Kolar municipality demanding a subway or a foot over-bridge, but in vain,\" D K Sharma, a resident of Kolar, said.Even though there are good residential complexes here, there are no pavements for residents to walk. \"Taking a walk from our home to the bus stop is a challenging task for us,\" Parul, student said. \"Dust, narrow road and parked vehicles all around makes walking almost impossible here,\" she added.However, the Kolar municipality has no plans to develop a footpath in this part of the city. \"We are developing the main road of Kolar into a four-lane road, which will leave no space for footpath here,\" Kolar chief municipality officer, Kolar, Rajesh Shrivastava, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026296", "title": "Tinted glass: 544 vehicle owners fined", "text": "PUNE: The traffic branch of the Pune police took action against 544 vehicles in the last six days, in a drive against vehicles with tinted film exceeding the permissible limits. The police have collected fine worth Rs 60,000 from vehicle owners.Use of dark or black glasses in not permitted as per law. Rule 100 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, states that the glass of the windscreen and rear window of motor vehicles should have a visibility of at least 70% and that of the side window, a minimum of 50%.Recently, the bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar went by the limits prescribed and said anything beyond that would be punishable. The decision came on a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka, who had complained that cars with black film on window panes were being increasingly used for crimes, including assaults on women.Against the backdrop of the Supreme Court decision, the traffic branch of Pune police has started taking action against the offenders. The drive against began on April 30. \"Till May, 5 we filed cases against 544 vehicles and collected fine worth Rs 60,000,\" said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare.The drive was conducted at various spots in the city located in the jurisdictions of Sahakarnagar, Swargate, Khadak, Kothurd, Deccan Gymkhana, Sangvi, Yerawada, Vishratnwadi and Koregaon Park police stations.The police are also checking vehicles plying on highways, which pass through the city limits.The traffic branch has six tintometers to estimate the intensity of black films used in the cars by comparing it with the permissible limit.The tintometers were presented to the traffic branch by the Shrimant Dagadusheth Halwai Ganpati trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13029314", "title": "In Mohali, requests pour in for change of inquiry officers", "text": "MOHALI: The shoddy investigation skills of district police personnel forced city residents to make requests for changing the investigation officers of their cases before senior police officials. The office of SSP, Mohali, has received five such complaints during the last two weeks and in three of the complaints, inquiry officers of the cases have been changed.Surekha Kaur of Phase IX, who registered a forgery and cheating case against two businessmen, has made three requests for changing the enquiry officer of her case. The investigation of her case was recently transferred to economic offence wing (EOW) of district police Mohali.Meanwhile, the matter had already been taken up with Punjab State Human Rights Commission (PSHRC) and the commission has slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 against a former SHO of district police for not investigating a theft case carefully. The fine was slapped against former SHO Sanjeev Kumar following the complaint of Naranjan Lal of Phase XI on February 10.Sudhir Gautam of Phase V said, \"I have moved an application to hand over the investigation of my car theft case to crime branch because five months on the local police have failed to make any headway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027140", "title": "Courier firm to pay client Rs 34000", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has ordered a courier service to pay a client Rs 34,000 for failing to deliver a package. N K Jain, proprietor of Alpha Dies, had sent a consignment of drawing dies to another company based in Solan, Himachal Pradesh , through Blazeflash courier. That package was \"lost in transit\". Jain had to send another batch incurring losses to the tune of Rs 24,000.The courier company had asked Jain to submit a claim for compensation. Jain did so, but Blazeflash told him that the claim \"had not been passed\". The judgment says Blazeflash wasn't able to prove that it had brought all the terms and conditions to the notice of its client. The forum has ordered Blazeflash to pay the Rs 24,000 along with interest of 9% per annum and another Rs 10,000 as damages and litigation charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029294", "title": "Career exhibition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A career exhibition was organized by students of MEd (Guidance and Counselling), Department of Education, Panjab University at JNV, Sector 25 where nearly 61 students sought counselling. Information and tips on different career options was provided to the students of this school. These included subjects ranging from animation, veterinary science, bio-technology, acting, to jewellery designing and forensic science as also courses for air hostesses. The exhibition was visited by approximately 400 students of Class VIII to XII. They showed keen interest in getting information about various career options exhibited.The coordinator of the programme, Kirandeep Singh, informed that this exhibition was held as a part of the internship training programme for M.Ed (Guidance and Counselling) students. These students also gave detailed career talks to the school students. School principal P K Sharma applauded the efforts of the M.Ed students. Vice principal Vinod Kumari said that the endeavour of the senior students will help in creating awareness among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029273", "title": "Sukhna clean up a joke", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration on Saturday decided to launch a desilting drive to save Sukhna Lake, but there is still no concrete plan on how to raise its water level.The Sukhna Lake committee has been toying with various options like boring tubewells and taking water from Kajauli waterworks to the lake, but no plan has been approved so far.Even though an extensive desilting drive was carried out in 2010 in which around 50 lakh cubic feet of silt was removed from the lakebed, dry patches still appeared. About 70 acre of silt dry patch area near the regulator end is visible despite efforts made by the administration to remove the silt.The engineering department has been carrying out a symbolic desilting drive every year with machines borrowed from BBMB, the Army and neighboring states, but the spread area of water has only gone down from 228-hectare metres to 148-hectare metres.About 40 years ago, the catchments area of the lake was a thick forest replete with flora and fauna. The silt started swallowing the artificial three-km rain-fed lake, which is 1.52km long and 1.49km wide. In 1958, water spread was 230 hectares and average depth about 4.69 metres, but due to heavy siltation, the depth was reduced to two meters in 2004.Till 1962, about 20% of the lake was silted, while by 2009, it lost almost 66 per cent of the area and water holding capacity. In 2007, siltation had reduced its area to only 154 hectares. The survival of the lake was virtually at stake, stated a recently submitted report by National Institute of Hydrology, Roorkee.\"Persistent siltation and growth of weeds has lead to considerable degradation of the Lake bed resulting into squeezing of the water body. Efforts of Chandigarh Administration in reviving the glory of the Sukhna Lake by consistent desiltation from the Lake bed to maintain the water capacity of this man made lake,\" said a UT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028805", "title": "Technical snag leaves Air India passengers stranded", "text": "BHOPAL: About 164 passengers on-board of an Air India (AI) flight to Delhi from here were stranded for more than five hours after the aircraft supposed to carry them to the national capital developed a technical snag minutes before the take-off from the airport on Sunday, officials said. The passengers of the flight AI 633 (Bhopal- Delhi) were finally flown at 2.45 pm to the national capital Delhi by another aircraft that came down all the way from Kolkata. The moment, the pilot switched on the engine of the aircraft to start the journey , he observed some technical fault and thereafter the flight was grounded at Raja Bhoj Airport.\"The flight was supposed to take off at 9.10 am,\" an official of AI stationed at airport, said. Efforts were on to fix the snag for next day's flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031155", "title": "L Subramaniam returns to Hindi cinema", "text": "When contacted, he confirmed the news and added, \"I was drawn to the film since it is based on a true story. Also, Mahadevan has dealt with it very sensitively. I have seen a rough cut of what he has made. After Salaam Bombay, I did a few English and South Indian films. I work very selectively.\"The film, based on the freedom fighter Gour Hari Das, stars Vinay Pathak in the lead role alongside Konkona Sen Sharma, Ranvir Shorey and Tannishtha Chatterjee. Mahadevan was very clear about the kind of music he wanted for his project from the very beginning. It had to be in the realm of Western and Indian classical music.He had first met Dr Subramaniam during the recording of Kavita Krishnamoorthy's version of the classic Kya Janoo Sajan for his directorial debut Dil Vil Pyar Vyar in 2002. And so, a decade later, Mahadevan decided to meet the famous musician for his latest venture. However, getting Dr Subramaniam to agree wasn't easy.Though, Dr Subramaniam was impressed with the subject of Gour Hari Dastaan, it was Mahadevan's earlier film Mee Sindhutai Sapkal, that sealed the deal. Dr Subramaniam and his daughter Kavita were impressed with the award-winning movie. And that's how they decided to compose tunes for the director's next.Mahadevan told Mirror, \"It is an honour to be working with Dr Subramaniam. Maestros like him don't indulge in film compositions. I am on cloud nine.\" Mirror has learnt that Dr Subramaniam plans to blend Western orchestra with Indian elements and create a fusion soundtrack for the film. In fact, he plans to record a few symphonies with Philharmonic orchestras in Germany and Austria next week. And though both the composer and director Mahadevan have decided to refrain from having too many songs, one theme number will be created.Subramaniam's consent completes an already star studded list of technicians for Gour Hari Dastaan-The Feeedom File. Oscar winning Resul Pookutty is in charge of sound design, six National awards winning editor Sreekar Prasad will edit the film and renowned wildlife lensman Alphonse Roy will wield the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13028571", "title": "Gutkha worth Rs 25,000 seized at Mollem, two arrested", "text": "PONDA: During a routine check on Sunday morning, the Collem police seized about 9,000 packets of gutkha (processed chewing tobacco) worth 25,000 at the Mollem check-post while they were apparently being transported into Karnataka.The police also arrested two persons in connection with the case and seized the Trax used to transport the tobacco.Ponda sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) DySP Dinraj Govekar revealed that two Karnataka residents Raju Laxman Gingi, 26 and Niyaz Abdul Rehman , 32, were found carrying gutkha sachets in five bags hidden inside the tempo.\"Collem police head constable Subhash Nagekar suspected that something was hidden inside the tempo during a routine check at the Mollem check post. He immediately took both of them into custody and informed PI Jivba Dalvi who later arrested the duo,\" DySP Govekar said.The police registered an offence against the duo under Section 87 of the Goa Health (Amendment) Act, 2005. PI Dalvi is investigating the case.Meanwhile, the accused duo has been remanded to 14 days of judicial custody by the Sanguem Judicial magistrate first class and has been sent to Sada sub-jail, the police said.The Collem police have revealed that the tempo used in the crime had a \"press\" tag on its front windshield.\"We are investigating the genuineness of the tag and trying to ascertain which media house the tempo is affiliated to,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13027206", "title": "National highway widening: Govt buildings to be demolished", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Stating that government buildings, including schools, will have to be demolished for the proposed widening of national highways No 9 and 5 and state highway between Vijayawada and Machilipatnam, joint collector Gourav Uppal has asked the officials to work out alternative plans to house the government offices and schools.Uppal directed the tehsildars to prepare a list of government structures that would be demolished. According to a preliminary list, the drinking water tank at Gudur village in Pedana constituency, rural water supply quarters at Gudur, ZP primary school at Parnasala, government hospital at Gudur, primary school at Jujjavaram village in Pamarru mandal and the veterinary hospital at Kanumur will be raged to the ground.Mandal parishad high school at Bommalur of Gudivada, upper primary school at Hanumanchipalle of Jaggaiapet, Chillakallu high school, compound wall of school at Gouravaram and Chillakallu police station will also be demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028781", "title": "Somashekhara to quit BJP", "text": "Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) president G Somashekhara Reddy, who has undertaken a padayatra with estranged BJP leader B Sriramulu, said he will soon quit the BJP and join the BSR party, floated by Sriramulu. Brother of former minister G Janardhana Reddy, Somashekara said he does not care about the show-cause notice given by Eshwarappa.\"I will join the BSR party and will contest in the forthcoming assembly election,\" he said. Besides Somashekara, the BJP has served notice on another MLA, TH Suresh Babu, seeking an explanation for participating in the padayatra.\"I will support Sriramulu's padayatra. I will not reply to the (Eshwarappa's ) notice,\" Somashekara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13026760", "title": "Wildlife census underway in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: Wildlife census in the district began on Sunday morning and teams of forest department went to about 150 water holes to identify animals in different regions. In the first six hours of the census, small animals including snakes and cobras were spotted, but no trace of panther is found in jungles. There is a possibility of panthers being in Jawaja, Pushkar and old Beawar forest regions. For the last four years, panthers have not been reported in the census, but there are reports of attacks by the beast in some regions.Since Sunday was also when the supermoon shone, this day was chosen to begin the census. \"We were instructed not to take eatables and plastic bags in forest during census. We have also appealed to villagers to avoid routes passing through jungles,\" said an official who went for the census.The teams will sit by the water holes for 24 hours. The prime time for big animals to come to drink water is at night and we can easily identify them,\" said a forester of the district. He added that this year, because of good monsoon in the region, there is enough water even in remote water holes. \"The problem is that the temperature had not gone beyond 40 degree Celsius and therefore animals may not come to water spots after short intervals,\" said a forest guard who is deputed in the Taragarh region.Meanwhile sources said that till evening, cobra and reptiles were spotted in Sarwar region and some foxes were seen in Foy Sagar area. Deer, rabbits and other small animals were spotted in Pisangan, Pushkar, Taragarh, Bhinai and Jawaja regions. \"A number of small carnivores were spotted in Jawaja region which is on the border of Tatgarh forest,\" said an official.The department gave these teams three ways of spotting animals. \"The first kind will be those animals we spot with our eyes, second by their voices and third by their waste in on Monday morning and also by their footprints,\" said an official.These teams will also do a survey about the kind of plants and trees in their regions. \"We usually make a compiled report of the region to get a quick view of our forests,\" added an official. This time, the department is also taking the help of satellite images. \"What is more important is to spot panthers and know their numbers in the region,\" said an official. In the last three years, there have been about a dozen attacks of panthers in various parts of the district but no panthers have been identified in the census. \"The Tatgarh forest census is important as the number of panthers is expected to be more than thirty,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029258", "title": "Striving hard for a cut above the rest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A workshop on Mexican style cut paper craft was taken by US-based visual Artist Tanya Hastings Gill at Government Museum and Art Gallery in Sector 10, Chandigarh.The workshop opened at 10.30am for general public. \"We created cut paper works inspired by the Mexican tradition of papel picado. I have selected this way of working because it can be easily adjusted for all skill and age levels. A child can do a simple fold and cut design, and an adult can take on a more elaborate image such as a figure or landscape,\" said Gill.On Saturday another workshop was taken by the artist with the college students. The program started with introductions and was followed by a presentation on the history of cut paper art. The students then did an individual exercise to warm up and get used to the materials. Later, they split into teams of three to four people for a collaborative project. The workshops were organized to celebrate the 44th anniversary of the Government Museum and Art Gallery. The celebrations of this however started with an exhibition of cut paper works by Gill. Her exhibition named 'Ever After' will have three segments - Unseen, UnderSkin and Panorama. Tanya is in India for Fullbright-Nehru Grant to study the intersection of craft and contemporary art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032063", "title": "Vijay\u2019s Thuppakki gets violation", "text": "Vijay and Kajal Agarwal starrer Thuppakki being directed by Murugadoss, has received a violation on its firstlook poster released recently.A social activist V. Selvakumar has filed a complaint with the commissioner of police requesting the necessary actions to be taken against the violators from the Thuppakki team on May 4, 2012. Selva says, Thuppakki firstlook shows Vijay smoking, which was posted all over Chennai and in the print media as well, while Government of India and Ministry of Health have banned smoking and its displays in public.Cinematographer Santosh Sivaa, who has recently acclaimed the ASC membership, has captured these stills. Kalaipuli S Thanu is producing Thuppakki on V Creations banner that has Jayamohan scripting the dialogues and editing will be handled by A. Sreekar Prasad among the technical crew. Makers of Thuppakki have not come out with any explanation so far.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027793", "title": "Chandy seeks 500MW power from Kudankulam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as Tamil Nadu has been demanding exclusive rights to use power generated from the Kudankulam atomic power project, Kerala has asked for 500MW from the soon-to-be-commissioner plant.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , chief minister Oommen Chandy asked for 500MW from the KNPP in view of acute power crisis faced by the state, official sources said on Sunday.Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa had written two letters-on March 31 and April 2-to the PM demanding the entire power from the plant. She complained that Kerala had failed in completing the work on the power transmission lines to KNPP. She justified her demand for the entire 2,000MW produced in the plant by citing severe power shortage.Refuting the charge, Chandy said a special package has been drawn up to set up a power transmission line from Kudankulam. Chandy's letter claimed that the state has legitimate claim to 13% of power generated from the plant. According to him, 266MW power from Kudankulam was meant for Kerala. He demanded 500MW power from the plant citing the Centre's refusal to allow the setting up of hydroelectric projects to overcome the power shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027293", "title": "East-West Metro handover awaits Centre's nod", "text": "KOLKATA: The East-West Metro project - a link between Howrah Maidan and Salt Lake Sector V - will be taken over by Indian Railways if the Union cabinet clears railway minister Mukul Roy's inter-ministerial note that seeks an approval for the change of guard. Earlier, the Union urban development ministry and the state government had agreed to hand over their stake to the railways.If the project changes ownership, the state - already reeling under an acute shortage of funds - will be relieved of the loan burden. On the other hand, the railways - which cuts across the city with its Metro and suburban rail links - may integrate the East-West Metro with its already existing network.Currently, the urban development ministry holds 25% stake, followed by the state government's 30% share in the Rs 5165-crore project. Japan International Cooperation Agency (Jica) is bearing rest of the project cost.The role of railways in this project is already very high with the Metro having interface with railways at three points - at Howrah station, second at Central station and the third at Sealdah. Once the railways takes it over, the interface would be much smoother.Soon after the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee announced Kolkata Metro as a separate zone, the urban development ministry decided to hand over its 25% stake to the railways. A few days later, the state government toed the same line by deciding at the cabinet meeting that East-West metro would be handed over to the railways.While constructing the elevated stretch, the KMRC faced stiff resistance at two places in the eastern part of the city. It also faced problem with the railways in starting underground work at Howrah and Sealdah stations. Already, Rs 900 crore has been spent on the 14.58-km long East-West metro, a part of which would run through a 40-meter tunnel below the river bed. The metro, because of its uninterrupted and fast movement, is expected to six crore manhours per year, keeping in mind the growth rate of vehicular population and congestion on the surface roads of the city.Earlier this year, a high-level meeting was held between the state government officials, ministry of railways and the ministry of urban development for the change of ownership. The chief secretary of the state, the managing director of Kolkata Metro and officials from the department of economic affairs were present at the meeting, which was chaired by the then railway minister Dinesh Trivedi .Problems related to acquisition of land have led to a massive time, and resultant cost, overrun. Citizens will now have to wait for two more years as the completion of the Metro corridor has been rescheduled to July, 2016. The completion of the rapid transit system was originally scheduled to be completed by 2014.The East-West corridor will initially require 66 AC coaches, for which three companies - CAF from Spain, Kawasaki-Mitsubishi-Toshiba from Japan and South Korea's Rotem have submitted bids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027055", "title": "Law School Admission Test delay: Aspirants lodge complaint", "text": "HYDERABAD: Law school aspirants from the state, who took the national law entrance examination, Law School Admission Test (LSAT) that was conducted in the city on May 5, are now a worried lot. LSAT, the scores of which are used by around 45 private and state university affiliated law schools, started one-hour late on May 5 but students were given an extension of only 30 minutes.The examination was held at Sri International School, Narayanguda, where about 150 candidates appeared for the LSAT. On Sunday, the miffed students lodged a complaint with Pearson Vue, Gurgaon, the test conducting authority in the country.Students, who wrote the examination, said that though all of them had reached the centre on time at 2pm, the officials admitted them inside only at 2.20pm. While the test specifies that digital watches cannot be used inside the examination centres, students were not allowed to use even their analogue watches. Though the exam was conducted at 16 various locations in the country, only students from Hyderabad complained about bad management.Students said that the invigilators had not followed the test criteria, specified by the authority. \"We were not given a 10-minute break after 70 minutes of the examination as specified in the test guidelines. Though the examination started one hour late, only 30 minutes extra time was given to us. Our performance suffered due to lack of time,\" said a student.LSAT is conducted in the country with assistance from US-based organisation Law School Admission Council (LSAC). Though not as popular as the Common Law Admission Test, marks of which are used by law universities such as Nalsar Law University, Hyderabad, and National Law School, Bangalore, LSAT is attended by over 14,000 students every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027212", "title": "4 die as axed tree falls on auto", "text": "KOLKATA: Four women passengers died after a Sishu tree that was being felled by some youths fell on an autoricksaw at Chandpara near Gaighata in North 24-Parganas on Sunday. Police have arrested one person involved in cutting the tree and raids are on to nab the rest of the gang.Around 2pm, the autoricksaw carrying five women was plying to Chandpara from Bongaon through Jessore Road. Some local youths were felling a large Sishu tree on the side of the road. Unfortunately, the tree fell on the vehicle when it was passing the spot. Locals rushed in to rescue the passengers and the auto driver who got trapped inside the smashed vehicle. Taking advantage of the situation, the four-member gang tried to escape the spot. However, the mob chased the gang and managed to get hold of one - Bhola Biswas - among those. While the rest three managed to escape, all anger fell on Biswas and he was severely beaten up by the enraged crowd.Police officers from Gaighata police station hurried to the spot to control the situation. They also rescued Biswas from the mob and arrested him. The road remained blocked for about 30 minutes.Two of the passengers Baisakhi Chatterjee (35) and Sima Majumder (38), residents of Bongaon Mandal para, died at the spot. Another two - Ashura Bibi (50) and Lakshmi Biswas - were rushed to a nearby hospital with serious wounds. Both of them later succumbed to their injuries. Two others - Tararani Bibi (35) and auto driver Buddhadeb Seal - are fighting for their lives in the hospital.Bongaon SDPO Jayanta Mukherjee said police were looking for the others who were involved in felling the tree. \"Biswas will be interrogated by the police to know more on the gang and their network,\" Mukherjee said. Locals complained that such incidents of chopping trees have become rampant on and around Jessore Road.An organized group of miscreants is having a free run and chop fully grown tress at will, they complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13028258", "title": "Ghulam Nabi Azad thumbs down to progress of AIIMS work", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Reviewing the work at the upcoming All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here, Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Sunday said the work is progressing at a slow pace. \"The work is no doubt slow,\" Azad told reporters after visiting the site at Sijua village.The minister, however, reiterated that MBBS classes will start in September this year while the hospital will be operational in 2013. No hospital is needed in first year of the five-year MBBS course, he said. The Union minister said interview for the post of director is already over and the name would be declared shortly.The government had to re-advertise the post after the director selected earlier, Dr Subrat Kumar Acharya, declined to join. Azad said faculty selection for the institute is also underway. Sources said at least 25 medical teachers and medical officers from the state have got no objection certificates to apply for AIIMS posts. These include 16 from MKCG Medical College and Hospital, Berhampur, and five from SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.With medical teachers making a beeline to join AIIMS, the state medical colleges may have to struggle more to fill up their vacancies.\"Faculty shortage is already acute in the state medical colleges with over 30% posts lying vacant. At a time when the government is planning to increase MBBS seats, further exodus of doctors may create severe crisis,\" said a senior government official.Sources said the state medical teachers are keen to join AIIMS because that would ensure no transfer, assured career progression and better pay and research infrastructure for them. The Union minister, who also reviewed implementation of various central schemes in the state, lauded the state efforts.\"I reviewed various initiatives taken during the past two to three years, such as Janani O Sishu Suraksha Karyakram and programme on non-communicable diseases. I am very happy with the work,\" he said. State health minister Prasanna Acharya requested Azad to consider the state's demand to provide `432 crore financial assistance for strengthening the three state-run medical colleges under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Surakha Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029133", "title": "Second term", "text": "Shardul S Shroff, managing partner, Amarchand Mangaldas (AMSS), has been elected for the second consecutive year to chair the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII) National Committee on Legal Services, for the year 2012-13 . Shroff has participated in the training and drafting of several important economic legislations and company law reforms in India. He has been on a number of high-powered committees appointed by the government of India and the states including committees on various legislations. A member of the second Naresh Chandra Committee , Shroff also advised on aspects of SMEs and on simplification of the company law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029205", "title": "Studentspeak", "text": "Jayanti Bharadwaj Final Year, Psychology (Honours), Lady Shri Ram CollegePsychology is not about studying mental illness or clinical psychology. These days, it has various applications in real life. It includes the study of positive human concepts like hope, faith, optimism etc, which when practiced can be life-changing . Organisational psychology has interested me the most where one gets to study different modules, which focus on increasing workplace productivity and working on the mental well-being of employees. More and more corporates are hiring applied psychologists to improve on employee skills and create a healthy work ambience.Aastha Tripathi First Year, Music (Honours), Miranda HouseThe course structure of Hindustani Vocal revolves around Ragas, which are different melodies. Earlier, Indian classical music was only considered as traditional music. However, things have changed. Many classical artists today merge classical singing into various other genres of music like pop, jazz rap etc. Also, a lot of workshops on music are organised by our college that gives us not only an insight, but also about other forms of music.Vini P Nair Second Year, English (Honours), Kamla Nehru CollegeThe course gives an insight into topics like 20century Indian writing, classics, 19century European realism , forms of popular fiction and feminist theories, among others. Out of these, feminist theories inspires me the most as it offers an understanding of the evolution and concept of gender in the world and in India. Since I have sociology as my concurrent paper, which also deals with concepts of society, gender, demography and religion as its main topics, both English and sociology go hand in hand. Besides, the course module is designed to prepare students for challenges in everyday life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13027574", "title": "BMW accident: Cops yet to arrest accused", "text": "GURGAON: Even twenty-four hours after the accident, the Gurgaon police failed to arrest the driver of the 'killer' BMW which crashed in to a Tata Indigo car near IFFCO towers in Sector 29 on Saturday afternoon, killing two people.Sources said that the driver of the luxury car is named Pradeep and the Sector 29 police has filed a case against him under Sections 279 and 304 A of the IPC. Another occupant of the BMW, a 21-year-old DU student, who was injured in the accident, has been admitted to Max Hospital and is in the ICU. The police are also speculating the presence of a third person in the car at the time of the accident. This could be the son of Devendra Sehrawat, the property dealer and a resident of Sector 14, who has been identified as the owner of the car.\"We went to the car owner's house, but he was not available at home. We are expecting him to come to the police station soon. Daksh Jaiswal, who was in the BMW, is still in ICU and we are waiting for his statement to corroborate the facts\", said Jagdish Prasad, SHO, sector 29 police station.Two persons, 30-year-old Shama who the family claimed was pregnant, and 42-year-old Sanjay Gulati, the Indigo driver, died in the accident while four were critically injured. Dr Deepak Mathur, a specialist of forensic medicine at the Civil Hospital, Gurgaon, who conducted the postmortem of the deceased, confirmed on Sunday that both the victims had received multiple head injuries.The bodies of the duo %were handed over to their kin on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026923", "title": "Fraud salesmen home in on elderly", "text": "MUMBAI: The recently launched scheme to provide VIP mobile numbers to subscribers has become yet another tool for fraudsters to cheat people, mainly senior citizens. The police have so far received three complaints where people posing as sales executives swindled senior citizens under the guise of offering this service.On the pretext of offering prepaid cards on payment of Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 24 or Rs 49 as processing fees for various schemes, miscreants are targeting senior citizens, usually in the afternoons, police said. They insist on cheque payment and deftly remove another leaf from the cheque book by diverting the victim's attention elsewhere. Later, the accused forge signatures and withdraw money.\"Fraudsters posing as sales executives ask for a glass of water or divert the victim's attention somehow and remove a cheque leaf. They forge signatures on the cheque with the help of the impression on it and withdraw money,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Mahim, Kurla and Ghatkopar police stations have registered three cases. In the Mahim case, the accused managed to gain access into an elderly man's house after luring him with a free prepaid SIM card. He stole a cheque and withdrew over Rs 60,000. In the Kurla case, the accused withdrew Rs 1 lakh,\" added Kulkarni.In Ghatkopar, a senior citizen residing in a building opposite Jolly Gymkhana in Vidyavihar (W) was duped in a similar fashion.\"A few days ago, a youth approached the victim and offered a prepaid SIM card. The accused demanded two cheques of Rs 49 and Rs 24 as processing fees,\" said a Ghatkopar police officer. The very next day, the accused forged signatures of the victim and withdrew Rs 49,000. \"The victim came to know only when he received an SMS alert,\" said the officer. Police said they have some information about the suspects.Police said they have also heard of cases where miscreants have approached senior citizens as insurance agents. Police have advised people not to allow strangers inside their flats. Some buildings have imposed a ban on entry to sales executives.Mumbai: Service providers had recently launched providing VIP numbers to its subscribers but miscreants have found this as another tool to cheat people mainly senior citizens . Police have received three complaints where miscreants posing as sales executives swindled money from three senior citizens.They approached the victims on the pretext of offering prepaid cards by paying Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 24 or Rs 49 as processing fees for its various schemes. They targeted mainly senior citizens in the afternoons, police said. After collecting the cheque the suspects deftly removed an extra cheque leaf by diverting their attention, police said. Later they forged the signatures and withdrew the money.In one of the cases, the suspect asked for a glass of water and by the time the victim returned he had removed a cheque leaf. \"The fraudsters steal the blank cheque and forge signatures of the victim with the help of impression found on it,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Mahim, Kurla and Ghatkopar police stations have registered two cases. In the Mahim case, the accused managed to gain access into the elderly man's house after luring him with free prepaid Sim card, stole the cheque and withdrew over Rs 60,000. In another case from Kurla, the accused withdrew Rs one lakh,\" said Kulkarni.In the Ghatkopar case, a senior citizen residing in a building opposite Jolly Gymkhana in Vidyavihar (west) was also duped in a similar fashion. \"A youth approached the senior citizen three days ago and offered a prepaid SIM card. The accused asked to pay processing fees and demanded two cheques of Rs49 and Rs24,\" said a Ghatkopar police officer. The very next day the accused forged signatures of the victim and withdrew Rs 49,000. \"The victim learnt about the fraud only when he received the SMS alert,\" said the officer. Police said they have some information about the suspects.Police said they also heard about instances where miscreants posing as insurance agents have approached senor citizens. Police have advised people not to allow strangers inside their flats. Some of the buildings have imposed a ban on salesmen from entering the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026852", "title": "Poor connectivity plagues rapidly-expanding BKC", "text": "MUMBAI: It is billed as one of the most expensive business centres in the country and boasts of tall glitzy buildings. But when it comes to connectivity with the rest of the city, Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) is found terribly wanting.Office-goers constantly complain that there is little public transportation in BKC despite it becoming the preferred address of several corporate houses. For one, not enough bus routes pass through the area. And, to make matters worse, drivers of autorickshaws and black-and-yellows refuse to ply short distances, such as to nearby train stations.Gayatri Basu, an employee of Central Audit Office in BKC and a resident of Wadala, says: \"I frequently have to wait for over half an hour for a bus and sometimes longer. Why can't there be more buses for the public? I have been working here for five years and there is no improvement in the transport system.\"The Brihanmumbai Electric Supply &amp; Transport Undertaking recently started special bus services, financed by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), connecting BKC with Bandra (East) and Kurla stations. But the services provided next to no succour for the thousands of people who attend office in BKC. The fare of the services is a flat Rs 10, which is costlier than the tickets for similar distances on other routes touching BKC, and commuters can still be seen every day during peak hours hanging from buses' footboards.Another major contributor factor to officer-goers' unhappiness is the insufficiency of parking space in BKC. Santkumar Shukla, a driver, says that he scarcely gets a proper spot to park his boss' car, forcing him to take it into one of the inner lanes. \"Sometimes I have to pay a fine to the police and sometimes the vehicle is towed away,\" he complains.S K Pandian, a contractor who operates in BKC, adds: \"I have a car and a driver, but I still have problems sometimes finding parking space.\"The MMRDA, which is also the planning authority for BKC, argues that it is working towards improving the area's connectivity, but planning and executing projects \"takes time\". The Metro's third line, MMRDA officials point out, will touch BKC. The work on the line will reportedly begin in 2013 and end in 2019. Officials also remind of the underpass planned at Kalanagar junction, work on which is yet to take off.A flyover was planned from BKC's D block to the eastern express highway, but the project ran into roadblocks because of environmental concerns. \"There are mangroves in the area, which will be affected. The project has therefore got delayed,\" said an MMRDA official.Nupur Anand, who works in an office at BKC and lives nearby, says that the connectivity from Bandra station is poor. \"Commuters have to deal with rude auto drivers. The road next the station is potholed and turns worse during the monsoon,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028436", "title": "Relief sought for deceased doctor's wife", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) on Sunday demanded Rs 10 lakh compensation to the wife of Dr K K Singh, who had committed suicide at his Patna-based residence on February 28 this year.Talking to mediapersons after the executive committee meeting of the BHSA, its spokesperson, Dr Ranjit Kumar, said that Dr Singh, a contractual doctor, was posted at the Bansi primary health centre (PHC) in Arwal district.He said that he was assaulted by some persons and later some of them were arrested.The arrested persons started threatening him from jail after which he lost patience and committed suicide, Dr Kumar said quoting Dr Singh's wife.The state government should provide a job to Dr Singh's wife matching her qualification, he said.Dr Kumar said that the other demands of the BHSA include regularization of 1,200 contractual doctors and dental surgeons, posting of doctors from headquarters and removal of DMs from the District Health Society.He said that if the state government fails to concede their demands by July 5, the doctors would be forced to go on a daylong strike the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13033954", "title": "Gambhir is a brilliant captain, says Lee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kolkata Knight Riders' Australian pacer Brett Lee said his IPL skipper Gautam Gambhir is one of the most brilliant captains he has played under as the Indian backs up good leadership with strong personal performances.\"Gambhir is just brilliant. He is a born leader and it comes naturally to him. Besides he backs it up with strong performances and has been leading our flock really well,\" Lee said on the sidelines of the launch of a music academy for underprivileged and autistic kids.Lee had similar words of praise for his national captain Michael Clarke and said that it won't be too long before Australia regains the number one spot after a roller-coaster transition phase.\"With Michael Clarke around, it has all been going really well for Australia. He has himself performed exceptionally well and the team is going from strength to strength under him,\" said Lee, who retired from Tests in 2010 but continues to be a part of Australia's ODI and Twenty20 set-up.\"The recent Test series against the West Indies was a good sign and we should be there (at the top) pretty soon,\" he said.Speaking about other issues in Australian cricket, especially about the speculation over the future of former captain Ricky Ponting, Lee said, \"Ricky has been an absolute legend of the game.\"\"He deserves to go only when he feels that the time is right,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13028338", "title": "Maharashtra water to quench parched villages in state", "text": "HUBLI: The release of water from Maharashtra to Karnataka is expected to provide some relief to the parched villages of north Karnataka. Acceding to the repeated requests of Karnataka and going by the agreement between the two states, Maharashtra on Saturday released water to river Krishna from Rajapur barrage, which is situated on the border. According to sources, Maharashtra will release a total of around 1.9 tmcft of water in a phased manner, in the next 12-13 days. While 1 tmcft will come from Doodaganga reservoir, 0.9 tmcft will be released from Warna barrage. After water reaches Rajapur barrage, it will be released to Hippargi barrage of Jamakhandi taluk in Bagalkot district. On Tuesday morning, water may reach Hipparagi barrage.With this, many parched villages in Athani and Rayabaga taluk in Belgaum district and Jamkhandi, Terdal, Banahatti and Hippargi of Bagalkot district and a few villages in Bijapur will get drinking water.As there is clear instruction from the government that this water should be used only for drinking water purpose, not a drop of water will be utilized for irrigation purposes, said an officer. Speaking to The Times of India, K F Hulkund, superintendent engineer of Karnataka Neeravari Nigam Limited (KNNL), Jamkhandi said, \"Water will flow towards Almatti Dam through Hippargi, Chikkapadasalagi and Galagali barrages. The distance between Rajapur to Almatti is around 140kms and it takes about five days for water to reach Almatti dam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13032120", "title": "Gujarat riots: Zakia Jafri gets SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A metropolitan court here has handed over a copy of SIT report to Zakia Jafri, wife of Ehsan Jafri who was killed in the Gulbarg society massacre during the Gujarat riots in 2002.Reacting to the development, Zakia's son Tanveer Jafri said, \"Getting the report is a big win for us.\"After handing over the SIT report to Zakia Jafri, the court has kept May 10 to discuss whether there is any deficiency in supplying copy of the report and relevant documents.Zakia had approached court to get a copy of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027887", "title": "Mango festival to begin from May 18", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: From the large-sized 'Jawaan pasand' to the small-sized 'Chakkara kutty' - all native and exotic varieties of mango, the king of fruits, will be showcased at the 10-day Mango Festival set to begin at the Suryakanthi Auditorium at Kanakakunnu Palace on May 18.The festival is being organized by the State Horticulture Mission in association with the Mango Growers Association. Farmers from across the state, including representatives from the Mango City-Muthalamada in Palakkad, will participate in the festival.Native mango varieties to be showcased at the festival include Neelam, Varikka, Kilichundan, Kottukonam, Vellari, Kalappadi, Sindooram and Chandrakkaran. Exotic mango varieties such as Banglora, Alphonsa, Banganapalli, Malgova, Malliga, Jahangir, Daseri and Selam will also be available at the festival which will conclude on May 27.With the theme of having a mango tree on every home premise, the festival is aimed at protecting the native mango varieties which are facing existential threat, said K Prathapan, director of the State Horticulture Mission. It will also be a venture to provide more marketing and sales outlets for the mango farmers ensuring a fair price, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13028804", "title": "Expo in memory of revolutionaries", "text": "AKOLA: 'Vandan Krantikariyonko', an exhibition to pay respect to the revolutionaries of India freedom struggle, was inaugurated by ZP CEO E Ravindran at Jain Lawn on Jathar Peth Road here on Saturday.The exhibition, organized by Sankruti Sanwardhan Samiti headed by noted dentist RB Heda, will be open till May 10 from 9am to 9pm free of cost.Jayant Sahastrabuddhe, convenor, said that holding such an exhibition is the need of the hour to remember great revolutionaries. Dr Subhov Thosar conducted the function.Prabhajit Singh Bachhen, secretary Red Cross, Mirsaheb Shaukat Ali, general secretary of Akola Zilla Patrakar Sangh, criminal lawyer Motisingh Mohta and Dr Rajiv Biyani attended the function.The exhibition is getting a good response from the people.Property damaged in firesAkola: Property worth lakhs of rupees was destroyed in two separate incidents of fire on Saturday.Three shops in Loha Market were badly affected by the fire that broke out on Saturday morning. Sharma Udyog belonging to Vinod Sharma and his nephew Mahesh, a grocery shop of other and tailoring shop of Madhu Wankhede were damaged.The second incident was reported from the mobile tower belonging to a private company in Gaurav Vihar Apartment in Kholeshwar area of the city. Both the fires were extinguished within hours. The mobile tower caught fire on Saturday evening.2 bodies of infants foundTwo bodies of infants were found in Nayakwadipura of village Kurum near here on Saturday. One dead infant was a female. The gender of another infant could not be ascertained as the dogs eat up various parts. Mana police station has registered an offence under section 311 of IPC against unknown mother.Varsity shocker to LLB studentsStudents of sixth semester LLB (5 year degree course) were shocked when they got Marathi paper of the fifth semester on Saturday at SA College Centre here.Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University admitted the mistake and said that it occurred at all centres in west and central Vidarbha. The students demanded that fresh examination should immediately be taken so that students will not be put to loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "13029255", "title": "Sector 32-A residents hold 'jagran'", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Residents of Sector 32-A, Chandigarh Road, organized a 'jagran' for Lord Hanuman on Saturday night.The area residents have been holding religious get-togethers since eight years for the well-being of their family and friends.During the event, they were first served community food and then religious songs and hymns were sung.Rishi Parikh, who works in a private company, said, \"Like every year this time too, we organized a 'jagran' for Lord Hanuman. All the area residents participated in it and enjoyed it a lot. They showed great enthusiasm and attended it till the end.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026776", "title": "Aamir Khan to write to Gehlot on female feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: Actor Aamir Khan pledged to write to chief minister Ashok Gehlot requesting him to set up a special court for speedy trial in female feticide cases pending for years in various courts of the state.In a programme telecast on Sunday, Khan expressed his concern over the practice of female feticide in Rajasthan and other states.According to the medical, health and family welfare department figures, 274 female feticide cases have been filed so far against doctors and sonography centres in Rajasthan. The cases are pending in various local courts of the state since 2005.Around 64 cases were filed in the local courts in 2005-06 when a private news channel conducted 83 sting operations at various clinics and hospitals for over a year.Khan also interviewed Shripal Shaktawat and Meena Sharma, journalists of a private news channel, who conducted the sting operations. \"For the past one and a half year, Khan was in touch with me. He looked quite keen on the matter. Every time I met him, he had new facts and figures to tell me. He has more information than me on female feticide, which shows his dedication,\" Shaktawat said.\"Only in one case, a doctor's licence was terminated but other cases are still pending,\" Shaktawat added.Since he is no longer working with the news channel, he is trying to fight the cases in his individual capacity. \"It looks like it's my individual battle. I have to travel to attend the court proceedings of cases filed in different parts of the state; and security is also a concern.\"Shaktawat said his house was attacked twice and he filed complaints with the police but no action was taken.He said his sting operations were focused on top-notch doctors of the state as he wanted to know their take on the issue. \"It was not easy to conduct such a large number of sting operations. We conducted more than 100 sting operations in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat and 83 in Rajasthan.\"He said the sting operations did not impact the careers of doctors involved much but rather they were only growing professionally and some even got promotions and some others opened their own hospitals and clinics.Besides, recently the Rajasthan High Court chief justice Arun Kumar Mishra has directed the registrar and other judges to ensure speedy trail of female feticide cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028371", "title": "3 car thieves give cops the slip", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What would be the best way for an offender to get out of a police station lockup? Find a weak link and exploit it to gain freedom - that is what three vehicle thieves did at the Sardarnagar police station lockup. On early Sunday morning, they fled from the station after breaking a wooden window in the lockup.On May 1, two men accused of chain snatching, caught by Khokhra police station, escaped from police custody from near Geeta Mandir bus depot in two separate incidents. Sunday's incident is the second in past six days in which accused or convicts have fled from police custody.As for the Sardarnagar incident, while the police station officials refused to blame any official for negligence, senior city police officials kept mum.According to Sardarnagar police officials, Prakash Bhil, Dipak Hudani and Ramesh Thakkar - all residents of Sardarnagar - were caught by Kalol police officials in connection with vehicle thefts last month. The trio was under trial and had been lodged at Sabarmati central jail. Meanwhile, Sardarnagar police station officials had sought the trio's custody as it was involved in two cases of theft in the station's jurisdiction. The transfer warrant was issued on Saturday after which the trio was shifted from jail to police station lockup at 10.30 pm.\"They were lodged at the lockup and personnel checked it at 1 am on Sunday,\" said B S Solanki, inspector of Sardarnagar police station. \"Till that time, there was no movement and the trio was found sleeping. At 7 am, when the shift changed, personnel taking over visited the lockup and found it empty. A window made of wooden frame was broken. We believe that the escape took place between 2 am and 7 am.\"Solanki added that an internal inquiry had been constituted to determine who was responsible for the escape. \"We have also kept watch on their residences and usual hideouts,\" Solanki said. Sources said that officials blamed the dilapidated condition of the building and the distance of the lockup from the table of police station officer (PSO) as factors resulting in the escape. R P Barot, assistant commissioner of police, G Division, could not be reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029047", "title": "Tiger dad: A roaring success", "text": "T25 seems like the name of a robot. But, in Rajasthan's Ranthambore national park, the label evokes rare affection. T25 is a male tiger that defies a number of stereotypes and has taken the role of the doting father of two orphan cubs. When the relationship was recorded last year, it made the headlines across the subcontinent because it is extremely rare for a male tiger to show such tendencies. More often than not, cubs are killed by tigers to eliminate future competition.When Rishit Shroff, a wildlife enthusiast from Gujarat, visited Ranthambore recently, he could not believe his luck when he came face-to-face with the famous trio. \"I believe it was in Sector III of the national park where we chanced upon the tiger and the cubs enjoying a siesta,\" Shroff said. \"While the cubs were agile, the tiger did not move much. We later heard the history of the trio from wildlife experts. It was half-an-hour of pure adrenalin rush.\"According to Rajasthan forest department officials, the story began in February 2011 when a tigress codenamed T5 died of septicaemia near her tail. At that time, she had two cubs aged around four months. The cubs disappeared after the demise of their mother. Forest guards started putting plates of goat meat in Kachida Valley, a hilly area in the forest, and deployed trap cameras - which get activated when a thread attached to them is disturbed. To their delight, forest officials found the cubs healthy and taking meat willingly.\"A debate started then about the future of the cubs,\" said a forest official. \"Clearly, they were too young to fend for themselves and could easily fall prey to another tiger or wild animals. In May 2011, to our astonishment, we saw a tiger - later identified as T25 - accompanying the cubs in camera captures. First, we feared that the tiger might kill the cubs as is the general tendency. But later we realized that the tiger was actually protecting the little cats from danger and had even started taking them around on wild trails.\"M D Parashar, a renowned wildlife photographer and tiger lover from Ranthambore, told TOI that the story caught the fancy of wildlife enthusiasts across the country. \"It is unheard of for a male tiger to take cubs under its wing,\" he said. \"We have seen a complete group with male and female tigers and cubs, but never a lone male with cubs. On observation, it was also found that T25 had reduced its territory to protect cubs from fatigue. Male tigers never set their eyes on cubs they father.\" Parashar said it was all the more astonishing that the cubs are now more than a year old. \"It would be interesting to see what happens when the cubs turn two, the age at which they will start living independently,\" he said.Very vulnerable when youngBorn blind, tiger cubs are completely dependent on their mother for the first few days. Their eyes open when they are between six and 12 days old. However, they don't have full vision for another couple of weeks. When they are eight to 10 months old, the cubs begin hunting with their mother, who teaches them how to find prey and protect themselves. The mother accompanies the cubs till they reach the age of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028953", "title": "No online counselling for All India Pre-medical/dental Test sans Supreme Court nod", "text": "NAGPUR: There will be no online counselling for candidates qualifying the All India Pre-medical/dental Test (AIPMT) till permission is granted by Supreme Court, the health ministry has clarified. However, the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) has issued a bulletin mentioning that the offline counselling process will start after the AIPMT results are declared. If SC gives the green signal for an online version as well, then fresh instructions will be made public by the DGHS.The AIPMT final examination will be held in mid-May and counselling dates will be announced after the results are declared. The DGHS has fixed tentative dates for the seat allotment process, with the first round scheduled for June 11 and second from July 27.This seat allotment will be only for the 15% reserved seats in specified government medical and dental colleges across the country. The actual number of seats available this year has not yet been communicated by participating colleges to DGHS, but details are expected by the month end.DGHS says counselling will be by personal appearance through videoconferencing tentatively from four centres located in metro cities. The main counselling centre will be in New Delhi while the others will be at Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.In a stern note, the DGHS has warned that it will take strict action against those caught impersonating actual candidates during the counselling process. The DGHS letter says if it is found that candidates appearing during counselling happen to indulge in impersonation then 'he/she will be handed over to the police and the cases will be dealt as per the IPC in this matter and if required, the cases will be handed over to CBI for further investigation'. Such candidates will also be debarred permanently from taking medical CET in future.DGHS will however allow an authorized representative to attend the counselling session only if the actual candidate is medically unfit to attend on the notified day. However, the medical certificate in such cases will only have to be taken from a government hospital and only a blood relative or spouse can represent the candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029109", "title": "Arm scholarship, University of Liverpool, UK", "text": "The University of Liverpool, UK invites applications exclusively from Indian postgraduate students for the ARM scholarship 2012. Students who have been offered a place on one of the University's Masters degree programmes in microelectronic systems or microelectronic systems and telecommunications could be eligible for the ARM scholarship, which includes a four-month paid internship at a world-leading technology company in Cambridge. The scholarship is an award of \u00a36,200 and the successful candidate will be chosen from interviews in India in May this year.Requirements:Candidates should have a first class BE, ME, BTech or MTech degree in a subject related to electronic engineering or a computer science/engineering degree where hardware electives have been taken. Students are also required to have relevant work experience in embedded systems, systems on chip, or IC design. The students will begin their studies at the University in September and complete their Masters project as paid interns in the research and development group at ARM Ltd in Cambridge over the summer period of 2013.To apply:For further information about the ARM scholarship please visit the website, www.liv.ac.uk/ EEE/armscholarship.htmSubmission:The deadline for online applications is May 19", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13028858", "title": "Congress, BJP announce candidates for Member of Legislative Council elections", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Both Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party on Sunday formally announced the names of their official candidates for biennial elections to legislative council for Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli seat. While elections are slated to be held on May 25, Monday is the last day for filing of nomination.Congress has fielded state youth Congress secretary Rahul Puglia, son of ex-MP Naresh Puglia as its candidate. While NCP has made alliance with Congress for the elections and former has swapped Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli seat for Parbhani-Hingoli with later.In last elections, NCP's Ramdas Tadas was official candidate of NCP-Congress alliance from this seat. He had lost elections to independent candidate Jainuddin Zaveri. Bigwig Congress leader Naresh Puglia had played key role in Zaveri's victory, who had defeated NCP's Tadas with 321 against 231 votes.This time as Congress has officially taken over Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli seat, youth leader Rahul Puglia has been fielded as its candidate. He would file his nomination at district collectorate on Monday.Meanwhile, BJP-Shiv Sena alliance has announced Mitesh Bangadiya as official candidate for the seat. He is father of Kirtikumar Bangadiya, mentor of Yuvashakti Sanghatana, that had performed excellently in zilla parishad, panchayat samiti and civic polls in Gadchiroli district. Similarly, the organization had also fared well in Chandrapur ZP elections bagging five seats.Now, with the backing of BJP-Sena Bangadiya would be strong contender in the elections. During last legislative council election Sameer Kunawar was candidate of BJP-Sena alliance. Bangadiya too will file his nomination on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028365", "title": "Main accused in banker murder case arrested", "text": "PATNA: A Hilsa police team carried out raid at Manpur village in Nalanda district and arrested Ravindra Gope, the prime accused in the murder case of Punjab National Bank's Bharatpura branch manager, Phanendra Shekhar Sinha (40), at Katari village under the Bikram police station in Patna district.Sinha, a resident of Police Colony in Anisabad in Patna, used to go to the bank daily on his motorcycle. On March 6, 2012, Sinha along with a bank peon, Vijay Kumar , was returning to Patna on his motorcycle. As the duo reached Katari village, two criminals riding a motorcycle dashed against Sinha's bike and opened fire killing the bank manager on the spot. The assailants escaped after that.Patna Senior SP Amrit Raj confirmed the arrest. A police officer associated with investigation of the case said that Ravindra had taken shelter at the house of his cousin, Rudal Yadav.He said Patna Police had contacted the Nalanda police and sought assistance for arresting Ravindra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026331", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited sets deadline for appointing experts", "text": "PUNE: The PMPML has set a deadline of three months to appoint three expert directors on the body. These three post are laying vacant for nearly three years, said Prashant Jagtap, one of the directors of PMPML.He was speaking at a discussion on PMPML titled 'Safe, efficient and affordable PMPML: Public expectations' on Sunday. The seminar was organized by Sajag Nagrik Manch and PMP Pravasi Vahatuk Sangh, city based commuters groups. Vivek Velankar, founder of Manch, Jugal Rathi, founder of Sangh, Abhay Chhajed, city unit chief of Congress, Vikas Mathkari, city unit chief of Bharitya Janata Party (BJP), Prashant Jagtap, director of PMPML, Vasant More, leader of opposition in PMC and Ujjwal Keskar, founder of Pune Janhait Aghadi party shared the dais.\"The decision to appoint these three experts was taken in PMPML meeting held on Saturday. These directors include experts in Human Recourses, Finance and Management. These experts will be appointed in three month's time,\" said Jagtap.Jagtap said that the intention of appointing such experts was to run the public transport in a better manner. But since last three years PMPML has not appointed any of the experts. He also said that the restructuring of all the bus routes of PMPML is on cards. The board of directors has given a green signal for restructuring of the routes.During the seminar, leaders of various parties except BJP opposed the privatization of public transport system. BJP leader Mathkari, said that there is an absence of proper system to run PMPML so the privatization should be promoted. \"Routes should be auctioned to private contractor. He should be held responsible for the functioning of the transport service,\" said Mathkari, which received opposition from all quarters.Chhajed said that improvement in the current system is possible, \"The privatization of this system will set a wrong precedent. So it should be avoided, instead steps such as keeping a checks on the funds allotted to PMPML should be taken.\"Keskar too opposed the move and demanded that merger of two bodies should canceled, \"The functioning of the public transport can be controlled by both the municipal corporation by separation of PMPML. So there is no need to privatize the body.\"Nearly four years back the Pune Municipal Transport (PMT) and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Transport (PCMT) authorities were merged to form PMPMLMore said that if the routes are privatized the contractors will control the whole public transport system, \"It will not be in the interest of the public. He will work for profit making and not concentrate on the public requirements,\" he said adding, \"The body should concentrate on making a proper utilization of public transport infrastructure including buses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13029034", "title": "'Fertility jabs tied to birth defects'", "text": "LONDON: Infertile men, please note - fertility jabs may be harmful for your future child, for a new study says they increase the risk of birth defects in kids.The study by University of Adelaide on more than 300,000 babies found that children conceived through the common method of fertility treatment had a significantly higher risk of developing abnormalities than those conceived naturally.In fact, babies born as a result of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) - where a single sperm is injected directly into egg - were more likely to suffer abnormalities , 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.In ICSI, the embryologist injects a single sperm directly through the shell of egg and depositing it inside. This means that abnormal sperm, which would normally be filtered out by the process, are able to fertilize the egg.However, researchers were unable to establish whether this was because the ICSI technique itself increases the risks of abnormality or because men suffering from extreme sperm damage were more likely to pass on genetic anomalies.But the study also found that IVF treatment did not increase risk of birth defects. In IVF treatment, sperm and eggs are mixed together in a dish and sperm breaks into the egg on its own in order for fertilisation to occur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028968", "title": "Civil services: Marathon, not a sprint", "text": "The civil services exams will be held on May 20. Navin Mahajan, collector and DM, Jaipur, talks to Ritu Dutta on how to prepare for the examFor the Civil services exams, beginning May 20, what is your advice to aspirants?If you want to crack the civil services, remember there are no shortcuts. You have to run a marathon and not a sprint. The competition is cut-throat and you need to be motivated and believe in your abilities.What should be the focus areas for preparation at this stage?You need to put in 10-12 hours of study daily. Stay focused and be a good timemanager . Don't give in to distractions and be self-disciplined . I was a good sportsman and most of my time would go in watching or playing cricket or tennis. But during my preparatory period, I curtailed my outdoor activities to two hours daily.How difficult or easy is it to crack the exam?There is a misconception that there are certain subjects, which help score higher than others. Many candidates, hence, discard subjects in which they have a natural flair and opt for the supposedly 'scoring' subjects. They compromise on their strengths and lose the battle. Choose the two subjects for the mains, carefully. The exam tests one's knowledge, analytical skills, clarity of concepts and so on. It is not only about knowledge alone, so one needs to devote his/her time in forming perspectives and in having conceptual clarity.While preparing for general studies, one should do more extensive than intensive reading. For the essay, identify the sector on which you want to write and remember that the structure and flow of relevant points play an important role. You also need to be balanced in articulating your opinion.What should one remember during the interview?An interview is more a test of character than knowledge. So be yourself in the interview. Don't expect that every question addressed to you by the interview board has to be or can be answered by you. Never lose your composure. The interview board will test your mental attributes as well. If you don't know an answer , be honest and admit it rather than concocting answers because it can backfire . They will test how tough you are and how calm you remain in a challenging situation . The board does a complete psychoanalysis of your personality.Does coaching for the civil services exam help?There is no substitute for self-study . You can subscribe to study material and exchange notes within your circle of friends , but regular coaching interferes with your time-management as one needs to study consistently for 10-12 hours daily.What does one do to de-stress ?Since this is a marathon, it is important that you beat the stress. You need to devote between two and three hours every day for yourself - watch TV, movies, play or talk to your friends. When I wouldn't be able to go out to play tennis or cricket, I would cook something just to get away from it all. Destressing is important.(Mahajan, an IAS officer of 1996 batch, had secured an all India rank of 22)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027186", "title": "Hand shadow video on Kolkata goes viral", "text": "KOLKATA: Priyanka Rungta's black and white video promises to take you by surprise, a surprise you will love watching again and again. Presented by the Kolkata chapter of Young Presidents' Organisation as a paean to the city, the video is done entirely through hand shadows. The three-minute video, 'Let Calcutta Surprise You' is fast gaining popularity on social networking sites. And deservedly so.On Facebook, the video has become hugely popular with it being posted and reposted. Its not only Facebook, the twittteratti too have taken a liking to itand have been trending the video. On Youtube itself it has received more than 2 million hits since it was released.With the rhythmic movement of the hands and fingers, the video shows different aspects of Kolkata - ranging from Rabindranath Tagore, Mother Teresa and Sourav Ganguly to Howrah Bridge, Maidan, the Royal Bengal tiger, Durga Puja and the humble puchkawallah. These elements of the city are all here, recreated through hand shadows against the backdrop of an illuminated screen, accompanied by sound effects.The video is accompanied by an engaging earthy and rustic musical jingle by Arka Sen, morphing some of the familiar sights of the City of Joy making it a complete audio-visual treat.What stands out in this incredible video is the revival of the dying art of hand shadowgraphy. The shadow of the movements creates an amazing audio visual effect.The magical performance of hand-shadowgraphy has been done by Amar Sen and Sabyasachi Sen, who have spent nearly four decades mastering the art form of hand shadows and have performed at many live shows and have numerous audio-visual presentations, including Madhya Pradesh tourism commercial as part of the Incredible India campaign.While the video is a product of a software company, Navigator Software, its creative team comprised Amar and Sabyasachi Sen of the Madhya Pradesh tourism ad fame. When the Navsoft team creative team at Navsoft collaborated with Kritika Malhotra of 100 Watts Design, the members kept coming back to the city's love, warmth and joy.\"I remember how when we were young we used to place our hands on top of each other to make a bird in flight or purse our thumbs and middle fingers together to cast the shadow of a deer on the wall. It was fascinating, especially in the lamplight,\" said Priyanka Rungta, the director of the movie. Priyanka informed that the movie was made in a short span of ten days with only two hand shadowgraphers doing the entire video.If it looks a little bit like Ogilvy's MP tourism video, \"Ajab hai, Sabse Gajab Hai\" it's because its the same team. But this is different compared to the elephants and tigers that ran through that ad. However, this is also not the first time that there is such a video made for the city. The Kolkata Book Fair's theme video this year \"Kathara Jonmabe\" was also done through hand shadows with music by Shantanu Moitra.This video is a lovely homage to to a beleaguered city. reminding that even the city that is a \"laggard on most counts\" Kolkata can too surprise you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13028748", "title": "Ragging death: Cops hunt for two suspects in Kerala", "text": "BANGALORE: More than a month after a Chikkaballapur engineering college student succumbed to burn injuries he had suffered during a ragging incident in his hostel at Chikkajala, police have escalated their efforts to arrest two suspects who were his hostelmates.Bangalore police initially refused to buy the family's claim that Ajmal Hariz, 17, was a victim of ragging. A native of Kannur in Kerala, he was found unconscious with burn injuries in his hostel bathroom on March 22.However, Ajmal's family insisted that the boy, who died in Victoria Hospital on March 30, was a victim of ragging by his collegemates.A four-member team of Chikkajala police, headed by a sub-insector, is camping in Kannur, Kerala, to track the two suspects, Anuraj, 21 and Sachin, 22.Chikkajala police inspector Thippeswamy said the third suspect has been rounded up in Ernakulam, but refused to reveal his identity.Bangalore police have now published look-out notices for the two suspects at public places in both Kannur and Kasaragod.\"After Ajmal's death, the attempt-to-murder case turned into a murder one. Since then, these boys have been absconding. It is clear that the crime is the result of abetment by these boys,\" said Thippeswamy.Police officers have paid several visits to the houses of Anuraj and Sachin in Kanjikode and Edakad respectively of Kannur district. Both houses were found locked.Police sources claimed both boys had approached courts in Kerala for anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027272", "title": "Hooch \u2018compounds\u2019 woes of residents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Gowlipura, Jangamet, Lalitha Bagh and Uppugudda are up in arms against the rampant sale of illicit distilled liquor (gudumba) in their areas. Most of the liquor compounds in these areas which are visited by thousands of men everyday are run by women. Gudumba is procured from either Dhoolpet in the city, Shadnagar or Mahbubnagar. Many of these outlets are multi-story houses operational for decades.The residents complain that life is never normal in their localities and that they have no choice but to grudgingly accept the presence of drunks and gudumba outlets. \"Come evening, drunks can be found on the roads or lying outside houses. The women cannot step out after sundown. The drunks also commit thefts besides waylaying passersby. Children cannot play around as the drunks force them out of playgrounds to indulge in other antisocial activities. Even during the day gudumba is sold here, forcing the residents to keep their doors shut,\" said a resident of Gowlipura.Rough estimates point to several outlets, five of them to be big. Each of the big compounds is said to be visited by at least 200 persons every day after sunset. Operated mostly by women they are located in a radius of 7 km under Chatrinaka police station limits. Locals allege that the cops and excise officials are hand-in-glove with the sellers and take huge bribes to allow them to function.\"The involvement of police and excise officials has come to light several times. The compound owners come to know about raids before hand and scoot. Even if they are caught, they come out scot free and continue their business. Otherwise how can this business thrive? Recently when Section 144 was imposed after communal clashes broke out, even the grocery stores were closed but the liquor compounds remained operational,\" they lamented.Chatrinaka inspector, N Shyam Prasad Rao informed that the sale of liquor is rampant because the majority population belongs to a community of labourers who frequent the compounds. He said, \"About 60 per cent population here is involved in construction and other heavy labour activities. Hence there is a high demand for gudumba. Those who sell liquor have been doing so for decades now and it is mostly women who do the selling. We constantly book cases and take people into custody. In the last six months 40 cases have been booked.\"Excise inspector of Charminar excise and prohibition station Sudhakar Varma, informed that areas notorious for sale of gudumba include Pardiwada, Lalitha Bagh and Uppuguda besides Krishna Nagar and surrounding areas in the Old City. He said that they book 60-70 cases every year under the AP Prohibition Act. The efforts of officials seem to have not made any difference to the residents as they continue to live in constant fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13029333", "title": "Man accuses wife of torture", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a rare and first of its kind case of domestic violence, a husband has lodged a complaint against wife that the latter thrashes and tortures him. The victim, V K Sharma, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula, works at a senior post in a private firm and has got a complaint lodged at the police post in Sector 15, Panchkula, along with his father P K Sharma. Sharma's wife is a doctor.\"Sharma said his wife beats him up and thrashes him. The victim's father who has also lodged a complaint said she troubles him too,\" said in charge of police post Sector 15, Ishwar Singh. The couple is blessed with two sons, 12 and 8 years old.\"The couple had a tiff in the morning over a trivial issue and the lady started abusing him and thrashing him. She also spit on his father's face,\" said Singh. He adds, \"The wife goes to work early in the morning and when the husband complains about him having to get the kids ready for school, she beats him up.\" The cop also added the lady kicks him and hits him with hands as well. \"Some time back I noticed that she was talking on phone at night. Later, it became a daily feature. When I pointed it out she started hitting me. She said I don't give her space and on every small issue finds an excuse to beat me up,\" said Sharma, in his complaint to the police.The victim also said the woman threatens him saying that if he complains she would accuse him of demanding dowry. \"The victim was very tense and had tears in his eyes. He said that it creates a bad impact on his kids who get frightened after seeing all this. He even said he doesn't feel like going home because of this fear of being beaten up,\" said Singh.Sharma and his wife got married in year 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028085", "title": "Back from limbo: Tamil Nadu fishes out financial city dreams", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is reviving plans to make the city a financial hub, a dream that successive regimes in Tamil Nadu have nursed.The AIADMK government, in a policy note tabled in the state assembly last week, said the Tamilnadu Industrial Development Corporation \"is taking steps to develop an Integrated Financial Services Centre near Chennai\". It said the centre, which will attract domestic and overseas institutions.Tall ambitions, but how realistic is the goal?The idea of a financial city was first mooted by the erstwhile DMK regime. In September 2009, the DMK government had identified 180 acres in Sholinganallur for a proposed 'Financial City'. On his visit to the proposed site then, Stalin said the 'Financial City' would attract core financial activities such as banking, insurance, reinsurance, risk management, actuarial services and wealth management services. But since the announcement, not much had0 happened in the subsequent three years.The AIADMK government has now pulled the idea out of cold storage. It hopes to create a financial ecosystem like the ones that exist for industries such as automobiles, leather, electronic manufacturing services (EMS) in the state.But for this to happen, more banks and financial institutions would have to move their operations from elsewhere, predominantly Mumbai, to Chennai. More insurance companies, financial services firms, venture capitalists could then be expected to set up base in Chennai.Bankers, however, are sceptical about such objectives. \"I guess it was a fashion statement. Everyone liked the cliche 'global' then,\" an investment banker in Mumbai said. When asked about TN's plans for a financial centre, he quipped, \"Hope you are not joking\".For a city to be a global financial hub, the most important factor is the two-way convertibility of its currency. (The ease with which a currency can be converted into another currency.) Convertibility will ensure quick inflow and outflow of funds and is crucial for international commerce. With the rupee not fully convertible, attracting investors to Chennai will need more sops and a large pool of talent.According to financial experts, instead of trying to compete with Mumbai, which is de facto the financial capital of the country, the state needs to evolve a different strategy. \"There is no point in competing with Mumbai for forex dealing,\" said the CEO of one of the largest non-banking finance companies in Chennai. (Forex refers to foreign exchange, the market in which currencies are traded.) \"Let that be there. You (the government) can help banks create all the back-end activities in Chennai. It is a tactical move, a winnable game, provided the government plays it right.\" But to start with, he said, the state can attract institutions with sops.\"We should not try to create another Mumbai. That's a waste. We must go beyond that; physical infrastructure alone is not sufficient,\" said M Rafeeque Ahmed, chairman, TN State Council of industry body Ficci.The financial centre, as mulled by the state government, will be an extension of all the banking processes that already happens out of Chennai, such as work done by Standard Chartered's back-office Scope International, RBS's development centre in Ambattur and World Bank's analysis centre in Taramani.\"At CII, we welcome this. Chennai is geographically best located to become a financial hub. The government is talking about creation of a new ecosystem which is nothing but an extension of existing strengths the city already has (viz. accounting and related),\" R Dinesh, chairman, Tamil Nadu State Council of CII, said. The important requirements for this would be IT infrastructure, financial skills and uninterrupted global network, he said.If it works out well, the Chennai financial centre can cater to regions between Singapore and Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032329", "title": "Aamir not keen on joining politics or Rajya Sabha", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan , whose much-awaited TV show 'Satyameva Jayate' hit the small screens yesterday, says he is not keen on joining politics and being a member of Rajya Sabha.Last month Bollywood diva Rekha and cricket maestro Sachin Tendulkar were nominated to the Rajya Sabha.When asked he if he would be ever accept the offer of the Rajya Sabha, Aamir said, \"First of all, the offer is not there. I feel I am happy wherever I am today and whatever work I want to do, I am doing that through my field... profession.\"\"And I feel I would be able to contribute more to the society through my field. I feel if I go somewhere else, I doubt if I could do that much contribution to the society,\" the 47-year-old actor said while talking to reporters yesterday.Film personalities, who were nominated to the Rajya Sabha in the past include Hema Malini , Vyjayantimala, Nargis Dutt, Lata Mangeshkar and Sivaji Ganesan, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027895", "title": "In death, Kerala churches go green", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Christian burials in Kerala are taking a radical green turn with mainstream churches banning the use of coffins and even concrete tombstones in graveyards.Instead of tombstones with glittering name-boards, people have been asked to lay grass as a sign of burial. Polluting material like plastic flowers, leather footwear and fancy fabric can also not be buried with or on corpses anymore, church sources said. The management of St Mary's Cathedral Basilica in Ernakulam district, which has banned coffins and introduced the vault system for burial, said space constraints forced them to go in for the radical changes despite facing initial resistance.\"There are about 2,000 families in our congregation. Our 500-tomb cemetery is already full and we cannot think of expanding the burial ground further. So, the church thought about constructing vaults for burials,\" Father Jose Chiramel, a former vicar.Since March, burials are being conducted in the newly-built 180-vault complex. Instead of coffins, specially-designed stretchers are used for bringing dead bodies to churches and for burial services. Built according to the norms set by the health department, the vaults are clean and can be reused as the mortal remains are moved to a pit, Fr Chiramel said. And, while ordinary tombs cost around Rs 1,000, vaults can be used free of cost at the Basilica, he added.\"Generally, it is difficult for people to accept anything new. So, we initially tried to create awareness and build consensus among our parishioners before bringing about the change ,\" he said. Fr Chiramel said he himself had seen leather shoes and other non-biodegradable items in a tomb even 17 years after a burial. Permanent tombs and family tombs, which were the privilege of the rich, have also been done away with. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027157", "title": "Bypolls: TRS wary of BJP poaching", "text": "HYDERABAD: Feeling threatened by the swift inroads being made by the BJP in north Telangana region, the TRS think-tank is keeping a close watch on its politburo members who are reportedly being lured into the saffron party.Party sources said though they are sure that all members of the party's policy-making body were die-hard KCR and T loyalists, any indication of Parkal too going the Mahbubnagar way could have a cascading impact on the party. The ensuing byelection in Parkal has come in handy for BJP to regain its foothold in Warangal district, which has been the hotbed for the T movement for the past several decades.The BJP leadership on its part is leaving no stone unturned by reviving its activities with active involvement of erstwhile right wing leaders who have played a key role in strengthening the party in north Telangana. Responding to queries, BJP state president G Kishan Reddy said, \"We have our strategies. We are keeping a close watch on the developments. How can we share information which is confidential at this juncture. Many TRS leaders too have begun feeling that BJP alone can deliver Telangana.\"Taking cognizance of these developments, the TRS think-tank has decided to keep everybody busy by not only empowering them with organizational matters but also entrusting them with the responsibility of implementing the party decision's at the grassroots level.As of now, there are 34 politburo members who are at the beck and call of TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao. But only a handful of them have been entrusted with subjects of public concern. Except for a handful of leaders like former MP B Vinod Kumar, Madhusudhana Chary, Nayani Narasimha Reddy, E Rajendar, T Harish Rao, K Taraka Rama Rao, most of the MLAs, executive members and district presidents have very little work at their disposal. Even party MP Vijayashanthi has not been entrusted with any responsibility within the party.A lame excuse always cited by these party leaders is that they are soldiers always ready to make sacrifices for the T cause. But the big question is how many of these soldiers would remain with the TRS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032189", "title": "Dhansika IN, Pooja OUT for Bala\u2019s Paradesi", "text": "Pooja Umashankar, who was touted to be playing one of the important roles in Atharva and Vedhika starrer Paradesi being directed by Bala, has opted out of the movie due to date issues.Bala has now roped in Dhansika, who was recently seen in period flick Aravaan pairing opposite Aadhi. Paradesi is also touted to be a period flick that is being filmed based on a Malayalam Novel 'Eriyum Thanal'. The story revolves around the trials and tribulations that a couple undergoes to raise their son Atharva.Prasad V Potluri of PVP Cinemas is producing Paradesi that has music being composed by G.V.Prakash Kumar, cinematography by Chezhiyan and editing will be handled by Kishore Te. Paradesi also casts Uma Riyaz as Atharva's mother and the role has a negative shade.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032985", "title": "Can Pawan Kalyan break the \u2018Cop\u2019 Jinx?", "text": "With the pre-release hype surrounding Gabbar Singh hitting a fever pitch the expectations are running very high among the fans. Pawan Kalyan would be seen playing a massy cop role in this action entertainer directed by Harish Shankar. But some of the mega fans are a little concerned and their fears seem to be based on past BO results. Most movies in which have Chiranjeevi and Pawan Kalyan played 'cops' in the past have turned out to be colossal flops at the box office. Funny as it may be, but 'Police Officer' roles in movies have not proved to be lucky for them.Megastar Chiranjeevi featured as a cop in as many as 4 movies - Stuvartupuram Police Station, Prathibandh, SP Parasuram, Mugguru Monagallu (one of the three characters) but all the films were flops. What's more, these films came at a time when Chiru was desperately looking for a breakthrough. On the flip side, Pawan Kalyan was seen as an honest cop in 'Komaram Puli, but the film failed miserably. Now the \"Power Star\" is playing a cop in 'Gabbar Singh' and fans are hoping that the actor will break the jinx this time around. Will he...wont he? Let's await the movie release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028357", "title": "Woman booked for killing five-year-old", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vatva police officials arrested a woman for killing a five-year-old girl child in Vatva in November last year. The arrest was made after post-mortem reports clearly suggested physical force as cause of death.According to Vatva police officials, Shabana Chhipa, 28, a resident of Al Saba Park, had reported death of her boyfriend Imran's daughter Aksha at her residence. As per her statement, she was asked to babysit as Imran had gone out for two days. She had said that she found the baby on the floor with her mouth frothing. She took her to a nearby hospital where she died.\"Imran found the death suspicious. He informed police after which an accidental death was reported and her body was sent for post-mortem. The doctors sent viscera for the testing to forensic science experts. We got the report on Saturday that suggested internal ruptures caused death. It could not have been done by falling off a bed. Thus, we booked Shabana for the murder as she might have beaten her up,\" said a Vatva police official.Investigators said that Shabana had an extra-marital affair with Imran, a divorcee, before the incident took place. She has a son Rehan from her marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032592", "title": "Emotions on sale", "text": "Manipulating the audience's sympathy is a new way of grabbing TRPs as Satyamev Jayate, KB5, Just Dance and X Factor India have doneHe's done it again! The man who says, \"I don't care about TRPs, this show is more about connecting with audiences\", has managed to pull off a whopping TRP of 8.7 at the opening episode of his TV debut, Satyamev Jayate . This is of course a record-breaking number considering most top shows on general entertainment channels barely manage to hit the 5+ TRP. Aired at 11 am on Sunday, Aamir Khan ensured that the show was telecast on all Star channels, dubbed in regional languages and even aired on DD. The show had pages dedicated on the social networking sites and is trending online. Comparatively, Amitabh Bachchan's Kaun Banega Crorepati Season 5 opening episode TRPs were a respectable 5.24, while Hrithik Roshan's Just Dance clocked in an opening TRP of 4. Besides the obvious common thread between the three shows, all three were helmed by B-Town's biggest super stars, there's something else that connects them too. These three shows, besides other game/reality shows like X Factor India , Dance India Dance , Masterchef Indi a etc, are also doing a fine job of playing with human emotions.KBC 5 carefully looked at the back story, sifted the contestants smartly and ensured that there was enough fodder to tug at the audiences' heartstrings. So, much before the contestant actually made it to the famous hot seat, the home work was done, and the cameras had panned into the homes of the aspirants, found out stories that could grab instant attention and strike a connect. Motihari's Sushil Kumar lived the dreams that billions of Indians see and became the typical rags to riches story - a computer operator earning Rs 6000 a month to the man who won Rs 5 crore. He was India's first slumdog millionaire who made a significant chunk of India wipe tears of joy with his victory. The story of a girl who travelled ten hours from a remote suburb to Kolkata to learn dance made Hrithik Roshan jump to his feet, tears in his eyes, -- so moved was he with her story and performance on Just Dance . Manipulating human emotions to grab TRPs is a common enough thing for GECs now. That's just what the new season of Indian Idol will do. The audiences will be treated to the tearjerking stories of the various participants - even the promos are an indication of the same.Aamir is no different. The man who by his self-admission knows how to \"market\" his films\"and can teach Shah Rukh Khan a thing or two\" got three heart-wrenching stories on vicof female infanticide aired on telly, a studio audience who seemed equally misty-eyed like the Khan and he had a potential money-spinner in his hand. His intention might be good, let's assume his heart is also in the right place, but he's done what other B-Town biggies have done before - he's acted out a part, only he's trying to don the mantle of a modern day messiah, the others have simply behaved non-starry and reached out to their fans on a platform that's tailormade for them. No brownie points for guessing what makes tinseltown superstars connect to the common man's plight when they are on telly. There's a huge audience watching the show being telecast and every tear drop and concern strikes a chord somewhere, translating into TRPs for the show and more popularity for the star. Channels and production houses have figured out the way to win this numbercrunching race - nothing moves urban India more than human plight. So even as the audience fights a choked throat and a moist eye, the channel has done what it set out to - reach to the lowest common denominator which in turn helps it get bigger GRPs over its competition; the advertiser is happy that his products will be visible to a larger chunk and the star walks off with a hefty cheque and an offer (from the channel/production house) to anchor the sequel. That happens to be the real truth! Satyamev Jayate?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027038", "title": "CCTV footage spots veggie vendor\u2019s killers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were arrested and a juvenile detained for the murder of a vegetable vendor a few days ago. Police said they managed to get a breakthrough with the help of a newly-installed CCTV camera.The accused were identified as Pankaj, 20, Bunty, 23, a pickpocket and a juvenile. On May 3, police got a tip-off around 9am that Sanjay had been stabbed with a needle in the Mahendra Park area.The victim, who was a vegetable vendor in the market, had reportedly objected to the accused indulging in pickpocketing.The CCTVs have been recently installed at Azadpur vegetable market. The D-block camera recorded footage of the accused fleeing the area.\"If anyone was caught, the others would throw stones at the customers and help the gang member escape. Sanjay had objected to the accused indulging in pickpocketing when he was stabbed by Bunty,\" said Meenu Chaudhary, DCP northwest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13028745", "title": "More girls enrol for medicine, education", "text": "BANGALORE: There are only two courses in the country for which more girls than boys have registered. One is education, which is predictable considering women are perceived more nurturing than men. But medicine is a bit of a surprise.According to University Grants Commission data for academic year 2010-'11, there are more girls (3,30,000) than boys (3,22,000) in medicine. This includes ayurveda , dentistry, homoeopathy, nursing, pharmacy, public health/ social preventive medicine, unani, tibbia, physiotherapy, occupational therapy and siddha. The difference is bigger in terms of education, 78,000.\"In almost all medical colleges of the country now, at least 60% of seats are filled by girls, sometimes 70%. When I was a student in the 1970s, it was less than 20%. It's not that boys are not interested in medicine. But girls are more studious and can score more in the entrance tests. But this will create disastrous consequences for the health industry. One, most girls opt for medicine, paediatrics or gynaecology. There will be a shortage for surgeons in future. Moreover, girls will not opt to work in rural areas. In Karnataka, only 20% of doctors in rural areas are women,\" said Dr Devi Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Engineering and technology are dominated by men who are almost 2.5 times the number of girls. While in Arts, there are 3,68,000 more men, in Science, it's 4,27,000 more. Commerce and management also have more men -- 17,68,000 and 11,37,000. In law, it's almost thrice the number. There is miniscule participation of girls in agriculture and veterinary science.\"The sex-typing of occupation has been there for a long time. Earlier, there were very few girls in medicine. Women go for roles that are nurturing and inter-personal; medicine is one of those. If a girl studies BSc, society considers it normal. But if a boy takes it, it looks as if he got nothing better. So all boys go for engineering. Even among engineering, there are differences. In a computer science class, you will find an equal number of both genders, but not in mechanical,\" said Sudha Bogle, career counsellor.There were as many as 85.8 lakh boys graduating as against 60.37 lakh girls. At post-graduate level, it was 11.67 lakh men compared to 8.82 lakh women.COURSE -- ENROLMENT (%)Arts - 36.39Science -- 18.42Commerce/ Management -- 17.11Engineering - 17Medicine -- 3.85STATE -- NO. OF COLLEGESMaharashtra - 4631Andhra Pradesh -- 4066Uttar Pradesh -- 3859Karnataka -- 3078VARSITY: Karnataka with 42 universities is the sixth highest in the country. As many as 10,01,473 students enrolled in 2010-'11. The highest is in Uttar Pradesh with 25 lakh.Across the countryCourse - Boys --- GirlsArts - 32,73,000 - 29,05,000Science --17,78,000 - 13,49,000Commerce - 17,68,000 - 11,37,000Engineering - 2,46,000 - 3,24,000Medicine - 3,22,000 - 3,30,000Agriculture - 68,000 - 25,000Veterinary Science - 20,000 - 7,000Law --- 2,43,000 - 84,000Others - 1,45,000 - 87,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13026746", "title": "Planning board to scrutinize infrastructure projects", "text": "NOIDA: The National Capital Region Planning Board (NCRPB) will review ongoing infrastructure works of Noida and Greater Noida Authority, as specified in the Uttar Pradesh sub-regional plan, next week. Projects including those related to road networks, drinking water facilities and municipal solid waste management will be reviewed in a joint meeting of all town centres and development authorities of the UP sub-region with the NCRPB on Tuesday.However, Greater Noida Authority has confirmed that there will be no discussions in the meeting regarding the approval of Master Plan 2021 which is at present pending with the NCRPB. \"The UP planning cell has made the necessary changes and modifications to the Master Plan and sent it to the NCRPB. The planning committee of NCRPB will take it up for consideration in its own meeting which is slated for later this month,\" said a senior official of Greater Noida Authority.\"Apart from Noida and Greater Noida, the NCRPB will also review the infrastructure projects in progress in other parts of the UP sub-region of NCR, including Ghaziabad, Hapur, Pilakhuwa, Khurja and Meerut,\" said the official. \"Financing of certain projects will be decided upon by the NCRPB after conducting the review meeting. Road connectivity between the UP sub-region and Delhi will also be discussed,\" added the official.One of the major issues to be discussed in the review meeting, apart from extension of the metro rail, is the regional rapid transport system (RRTS) in the NCR region which has met with objections from the Delhi government. The RRTS, a rapid rail transit system, has been envisaged for fast and reliable connectivity between Delhi and sub-regions of the NCR in Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. \"Three corridors have been listed for completion on a priority basis out of which, the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut corridor falls in the UP sub-region of the NCR,\" said the Authority official.The other corridors will link Delhi with Alwar in Rajasthan via Gurgaon and with Panipat in Haryana via Sonepat. An MoU for the purpose had been signed by the four state governments with the Union Ministry of Urban Development in June 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027271", "title": "Parliament to mark 60th year of first sitting on May 13", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament will celebrate its 60th year on May 13 with special sittings of both Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha, followed by a joint session in Central Hall. The government also plans to launch a special stamp and a coin to mark the occasion. The first Lok Sabha had commenced on May 13, 1952.At the day-long special sittings in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha, members will speak on their parliamentary experience. It has been decided that at least two members from big parties and one each from smaller parties will speak on the occasion in both Houses.A joint sitting of both Houses will be held in Central Hall from 5 pm, which will be inaugurated by President Pratibha Patil . Some veteran parliamentarians will be honoured on the occasion followed by a cultural programme.At present, there is just one member in Parliament who was a member of the first Lok Sabha. 92-year-old Rajya Sabha member Reishang Keishing was member of Parliament for the first time in 1952 and members of most Lok Sabhas that followed. He took a break from Parliament to join the state assembly in Manipur where he was chief minister in the mid-1980s. Apart from Keishing, former MP from Chhattisgarh Reshamlal Jhange will also be honoured for being a veteran parliamentarian. The Lok Sabha secretariat is still looking for members who were part of the first or second Lok Sabha, to include in the list of those to be honoured on the occasion.The Lok Sabha secretariat plans to invite some eminent non-parliamentarians on the occasion, but the list has not yet been finalized, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13018906", "title": "Twinkle Khanna pregnant again", "text": "Twinkle Khanna's second pregnancy has been confirmed. She is already in her second trimester and will deliver her baby in September 2012. Doctors have now given her permission to move around and she will make her first public appearance at Karan Johar's 40th birthday party on May 25.Says a source, \"Akshay is gearing up for baby number two. He plans to stop shooting shortly and be by his wife's side after the baby arrives, just like he'd done when their son, Aarav, was born 11 years ago. Akshay's birthday falls on September 9 and Aarav too was born in the same month. Seems like September is a lucky month for the Kumar family!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026832", "title": "Community health centres in 7 districts to have diabetes, cancer and heart clinics", "text": "JAIPUR: Separate clinics for diseases like diabetes, cancer , cardiovascular diseases and stroke would be set up in each community health centre (CHC) of seven districts as the risk of these diseases has increased manifold.The seven districts identified under the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer, Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) are Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Sriganganagar, Bhilwara, Barmer, Nagaur and Bikaner.\"In 2009-10 the NPCDCS programme was launched in three blocks of Bhilwara. But in 2010-11, the programme was introduced in the entire Bhilwara and Jaisalmer districts with free screening of diabetes. The officials tested people free of cost for diabetes. Now, it has been decided to open NCD clinics under the same programme at each CHC level in seven districts,\" medical health and family welfare department director (health) B R Meena said.With the opening of the clinics, the department aims to detect cases of cancer, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes in early stages so that the patients will get proper and timely treatment.The department would recruit staff for each NCD clinic. Also, there would a NCD cell at under the chief medical health officer of all these seven districts. These cells would monitor NCDs by collecting facts and figures in their respective districts.Also, under the same programme, a cardio care unit (CCU) would be opened at Mandor hospital in Jodhpur for treatment of heart patients with cardiovascular diseases and strokes.Last year at the World Health Organization's (WHO) South East Asian Region (SEAR) meeting held in Jaipur, union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said developing countries like India would face mounting challenge of NCD along with new and re-emerging infections.A medical health and family welfare department official said the NCDs are directly linked to change in lifestyles. \"With changes in lifestyles and food habits, people have been more vulnerable to NCDs,\" he said.He further said with the opening of NCD cells and NCD clinics, the government would be able to treat patients on time.The official also said soon the Centre would send glucometers and stripes for the free diabetes testing. The free diabetes testing would be conducted in seven districts. Also, the company that would supply glucometers and stripes would also impart training for the testing to department officials in the seven districts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13027999", "title": "Mambalam station needs a safe way out", "text": "CHENNAI: The number of people run over by trains is on the rise but railway authorities continue to ignore passengers' demand for a foot overbridge at the Mambalam railway station.Mambalam, one of the busiest stations in the city, handles over two lakh passenger every day and not less than 1,000 passengers an hour. Despite Mambalam station being among the top revenue earner, railway authorities continue to ignore the passengers demand for a foot overbridge at the northern end of the station and forces them to walk across the track.There is a foot overbridge connecting West and East Mambalam sides across the main platform but the Egmore end of the second platform lacks a bridge, forcing passengers to cross the tracks on foot. There is a heavy rush of passengers at Mambalam because it is one of the major commercial points in the city where people from suburbs and neighbouring districts converge for purchase. Majority of them uses suburban trains to reach popular shopping places in T Nagar.On an average, three to five people are killed in the city suburban rail tracks, and most of them are run over while crossing the tracks. Devi Shree, a regular passenger who crosses the rail track at Mambalam, said the absence of an overbridge was a major threat to the safety of passengers. \"During peak hours, there is a heavy rush of passengers, including ladies and senior citizen, who jump off the platforms to cross the tracks. It is also dangerous to those who alight from long distance trains as they will be carrying heavy luggage when they cross the tracks,\" said Shree, who works with a legal firm in the city.A railway official at Mambalam station said there were no immediate plans to build a foot overbridge. \"It is true that there is a long pending demand from the passengers for a bridge. Even the railway police, who are supposed to prevent passengers from crossing rail tracks, were recently challenged by a few passengers when they tried to stop them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027456", "title": "Construction sector adds most to Delhi\u2019s gross domestic product", "text": "NEW DELHI: The construction sector has contributed over Rs 30,000 crore to Delhi's GDP of Rs 3.13 lakh crore in 2011-12, retaining its position as one of the major driving forces of the city's economy. The sector added Rs 30,042 crore to the city's GDP in 2011-12 at current prices, up by Rs 4,749 crore from its share of Rs 25,253 crore in 2010-11, a latest report of Delhi Government said.Officials attributed the robust growth in the sector to increasing demand for commercial and residential properties as well as infrastructure development projects by the government. The report said contribution of manufacturing sector to the gross state domestic product has gone up to Rs 16,081 crore in 2011-12 at current prices from Rs 13,844 crore in 2010-11.It said the industry sector added a total of Rs 8,378 crore to the city's GDP in 2011-12 as against Rs 6,600 crore in the previous year. The share of service sector, also known as tertiary sector, in the GDP of Delhi was about 82%, followed by the secondary sector at 17% and primary sector at 0.87%. The primary sector comprises agriculture and allied services, while secondary sector consists of construction and manufacturing sectors.In the tertiary sector, the combined contribution to GDP by hotels, restaurants and wholesale and retail trade in 2011-12 at current prices has been estimated at Rs 59,734 crore as against Rs 50,061 crore in the previous year. The report also reflects a progressive decline in the contribution of the primary sector to the GDP, while the secondary sector managed to retain its hold. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027575", "title": "AP Sen\u2019s statue to be installed at Lalbagh Park: Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee president Rita Bahuguna Joshi has given an assurance to the Bengali Samaj of Luckow that the statue of AP Sen will be re-installed soon at Lalbagh Park maintained by Lucknow Nagar Nigam, which was removed following renovation of the park. It may be mentioned that the nagar nigam authorities despite giving written assurance to the Bengali Samaj, did not install AP Sen's statue in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13032529", "title": "Delhi Police teach girls judo to fight roadside ruffians", "text": "NEW DELHI: You don't want to mess with these girls. Try harassing them and they'll hit you where it hurts most before you know what happened. And they have learnt it all in a self-defence programme for women organised by Delhi Police. These girls already know how to pack a mean punch when accosted by a roadside ruffian.It's been 10 years since the Special Police Unit for Women and Children division has been running free self-defence classes for women in Delhi -- a city that has earned itself the notorious reputation of India's \"rape capital\".The classes were introduced in 2002 to arm women with skills to fight off molesters. Since then they have held over 600 such programmes in different schools, colleges and even shanties and have trained over 80,000 women. The classes include imparting education on how the law can help women in case of assault. The department has no similar public programs for men that teach non-violence against women.The Special Police Unit has kept up with the times when it comes to outreach. Updates on workshops are available on the Facebook group, Special Police Unit for Women and Children. They also have a Twitter and YouTube presence, albeit a little inactive. \"We usually receive letters from schools, NGOs etc requesting us to do these classes. But since we have a Facebook group, we can be approached there as well,\" says Suman Nalwa, additional DCP, Crime Against Women.\"We teach them commonsense responses coupled with judo and karate,\" says Nalwa. In March, the Special Police Unit for Women and Children also launched their own website, spuwc.com.\"It's difficult for women everywhere: on the streets, on public transport men try to grope or touch you. It can get difficult. When I told my husband about this fortnightly programme, he encouraged me to sign up the very next day,\" says 23-year-old Amita Panchal, a YWCA student.At one of these workshops in the capital has nearly 200 girls participating. Four instructors channelise their energies. The giggly, chatty kinds are admonished. \"You're delivering a punch, not uprooting a flag! Do it properly!\" one of them barks. Amidst all this, the dress code is surprisingly lax. \"These are college kids, they have classes rest of the day, it can't really be helped,\" says instructor head constable Bharti Wadhwa, adding, \"We usually wear Delhi Police track suits. But sometimes we take to casuals so that the girls feel we're one of them.\"The class teaches the girls how to defend themselves against knife attacks and how to use everyday objects as weapons. The instructors present them with different situations and teach them separate moves to deal with each of them. \"A boy walks by you and brushes past your shoulder,\" says constable Neetu. The girls nod vigorously. They've all been there. \"Don't let that go,\" she advises, before demonstrating a technique by which to strangle and pull the offender down using nothing but a dupatta. \"Bags, dupattas, heavy books, pins - everything can be used to defend. Just be confident,\" she recommends. However, they advise women to avoid combat in case they are outnumbered and unarmed.Having done hundreds of such classes and workshops, Wadhwa is full of stories. Most participants are lack confidence and are scared to act when they join, she says. \"Once there was this very quiet girl from Jamia Milia Islamia University. She was harassed every day by a boy on a motorbike. He would drive past her and try to touch her. We asked her to watch out for sounds and activities behind her. Then one day when that boy tried the same thing, she simply kicked the frame of the bike. The boy suffered a nasty fall and never came back again,\" relates Wadhwa.Packing up after the class, the girls say they haven't yet had a chance yet to try their kicks and punches, but won't hesitate to hit a hooligan. \"Now, if a guy passes a comment or something, there is enough confidence in me to scare him off with just one angry look,\" says 20-year-old Pooja Negi. \"Dare the boys try something now!\" chimes in Anita Sharma, all of 18. If it means finally having something as simple as a safe walk home, it's not surprising how 'kicked' they are about it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13028460", "title": "Down to earth with Janaki", "text": "MYSORE: Auroville, an 'experimental' township in Villipuram in Tamil Nadu, has come forward to start Janaki, a concept store where commodities, clothes, body bases and lifestyle products will be on exhibition and sale. Unlike other stores Janaki, which will open near the RTO circle on Friday, is no ordinary store. It has taken over 40 years for people at Auroville to develop this concept of selling and encouraging eco and environment friendly healthy produces and products. The produces and products are not only healthy and eco-friendly, they are meant to protect Mother Earth.For Janaki, it is the concept that is important, not profits. \"We sell concepts and not commodities or goods,\" claim the founders of Janaki. When industrialization is rapid and society is consumer-oriented, such stores are needed to create awareness on issues such as global warming , toxic products besides encouraging farmers to involve and spread the message of \"natural food habits and living styles.\"When genetically engineered crops from countries like China flood Indian markets, Janaki is making a small beginning and has chosen Mysore for this new venture. This is the first concept store of people from Auroville in India outside Auroville. Though founders are aware that people are not going to switch overnight to using natural products and produces, they are of the opinion that their message will spread. \"We are planning to organize weekly melas for farmers at Janaki to sell their commodities directly to people\" she added. \"Our aim is to educate people on not buying from malls and branded stores where commodities are not eco-friendly,\" Uma Prajapathi, of Auroville and designer from New Delhi and brain behind the store, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028899", "title": "Quality and inclusiveness", "text": "The Constitution of India had guaranteed free and compulsory education for all children until the age of 14 years under Article 45. This remained unfulfilled till the Right to Education (RTE) Act was passed by Parliament in August 2009. However, the implementation of this Act has left many contentious issues pertaining to quality, equity, access and adequacy of resources unresolved.Recently, the Supreme Court upheld the legislation in its entirety by approving the reservation of 25% of the total admissions in private run schools for economically backward section. This judgment is undoubtedly aspirational, but its implementation needs to be calibrated in a way which is not disruptive or deters private investment in education. Transition to the new arrangement needs careful consideration given the contemporary challenges and social realities.The complexities and challenges in implementing the RTE Act are daunting in the face of a consistent decline in educational outcomes . The recent ASER Report 2011 indicates that the quality of school education in India is on a downward spiral. The reading and basic arithmetic levels of children have dropped significantly. More than half of the schools are short of teachers and almost 47% don't have enough classrooms, 37% lack toilet facility and almost two thirds of these schools are not electrified.In view of this falling standard in government schools, the poorer section of society have started sending their children to private schools. This is evident in the fact that enrolment in private schools in India have dramatically increased to 25.6% in 2011 from around 18% in 2005. Universalisation of primary education will remain a distant dream if inspector Raj is unleashed in the name of implementing RTE Act. So strengthening the public education system is crucial, not only to restore the lost faith in the system, but also to improve the quality of primary education.There are at least five areas of concern as far as quality of education is concerned: (i) absence of a common schedule of norms and standards (ii) shortage of teachers which has gone up to a million required to meet the teacher-pupil ratio embedded in the RTE Act (iii) deteriorating quality of teachers with over 6.7 lakh teachers lacking the prescribed teacher qualifications (iv) insufficient expenditure in education, which is only a fraction of the amount required to implement the RTE Act and (v) poor implementation record with lack of clarity on sharing the implementation burden between centre and states. The complexities in the education sector go well beyond adequacy of resources. The embedded social and equity considerations need to be resolved in a way that harmonises quality with the compulsions of social inclusiveness. We need to look at some creative and targeted solutions to address the above issues.(The writer is Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, and a former Member of the Planning Commission)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13027866", "title": "CPM office torched at Kanichukulangara", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: An unidentified gang burned CPM's Kanichukulangara local committee office in the wee hours of Sunday.Mararikkulam police registered a case following the complaint lodged by the CPM leaders.Circle inspector P K Viswanathan said the incident took place around 1.50 am on Sunday.\"We dont know the reason behind the attack and the police did not get any hint about the attackers so far,'' he said.\"We have deployed police in front of the office to prevent any untoward incidents. The team will also conduct special patrolling in the area,'' the CI said.\"The CPM office was functioning in a rented shop and there were no shutters or doors for the office. Some chairs, a table and a pedestal fan were damaged in the attack, '' Viswanathan said.CPM leaders and workers conducted a protest march in Kanichukulangara around 6 pm on Sunday demanding the immediate arrest of those who had vandalised their office in the shield of darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026854", "title": "Old age home: Jaipur Development Authority to seek grant from Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is planning to seek a grant from the Central government for constructing an old age home for senior citizens in the city.The JDA is set to prepare a proposal and send it to the state government that in turn would be forwarded to the Central government. A senior official at JDA said, \"The Central government is providing grant to other states for constructing old age homes. We will also forward the proposal.\" He added, \"If the Central government provides the grant, the old age home can be provided at comparatively cheaper rates.\"A year ago the JDA had announced that it would construct a luxury-class old age home on 'no-profit no-loss' basis in Jagatpura. In a presentation given by the consultant recently, it was mentioned that 'luxury-class' old age home will be built over an area of 100 bighas. It will be a six-storey building and have around 590 units of different sizes. \"The consultant has said that 1 BHK (bedroom-hall-kitchen) flat will be constructed in 500 square metre area, while 2 BHK flats will be constructed in 800 square metre areas,\" said an official.He added, \"Only 32% area of the land will be constructed, while the rest 68% will be for greenbelt and facility area. The facility area will have meditation room, library, swimming pool, dispensary, badminton court, etc.\"The official said that the consultant has recommended that the old age home should be constructed on G+5 (ground+5) pattern. However, senior officials of UDH believe that the project should be at least of 8 floors to benefit maximum senior citizens. He said, \"The concept is taken from a private old age home in Bhiwadi. JDA wants to set up an example so that more private players come up with this concept in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13030044", "title": "India-Bangladesh hold first meeting of consultative body", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Bangladesh will sit down for the first meeting of a joint consultative committee which will oversee all issues of bilateral relations.Bangladesh foreign minister, Dipu Moni, will hold talks with foreign minister SM Krishna.Sources said this high level body was set up during the visit of prime minister Manmohan Singh to Dhaka in September 2011. It is intended to be the nodal body for all issues within the bilateral framework. \"This could be rivers, security, or any other issue that is of interest to either country,\" said officials.Dipu Moni will also represent Bangladesh at the closing ceremony of the 150 years celebrations for Rabindranath Tagore. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee performed the corresponding function in Dhaka over the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13027611", "title": "19 orphans back in NGO premises", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration shifted 19 orphans back to the premises of the NGO, Suparaana Ka Angan, in Wazirabad village on Sunday. However, the five minor girls, who had accused the NGO caretaker of sexual abuse, are being kept at an alternative accommodation, Aarushi, in Sector 21.The five minor girls had complained their school teacher on Friday, of being sexually abused by the 20-year-old caretaker of the NGO, Rachit alias Raju. A case was registered with the Sushant Lok police against the NGO president and Raju, who were produced at the city court and sent to judicial custody on Saturday. The president's bail application submitted in the local court is scheduled for hearing on Monday.A team of officials from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights visited the NGO premises and pulled up the deputy commissioner, the sub-divisional magistrate and the district child project officers for negligence.The NGO was sealed on the same day and the orphans along with the five victims were shifted to Aarushi. However, 12 women anganwadi members, two lady constables and one male constable have been stationed at the NGO premises to take care of the orphans. The anganwadi members cleaned the rooms and provided the orphans with better facilities. A PCR van has also been stationed outside the NGO. A senior police officer said they have written to the Forensic Science Laboratory, Madhuban, for the testing the NGO's office computer, among other things.\"The NGO faces no interference now. Police have conducted a medical examination of another ten minor girls and the reports are normal. The girls and boys have been shifted to different buildings. A meeting will be held on %Monday for discussion of building rent and other expenses,\" said Nisha Saini, probation officer, district child protection society.'NGO was not registered'The NGO, Suparaana Ka Angan, was apparently not registered with the administration as per the provision of the Juvenile Justice Act. This came to light after a team of officials from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights reportedly visited the NGO premises. In fact, none of the 25 shelter homes in Gurgaon is registered, said sources.\"We routinely ask shelter homes to get registered. In this particular case, we've come to know that the NGO, Suparaana Ka Angan, was not registered,\" said Nisha Saini, probation officer of the District Child Protection Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028904", "title": "Wire and cable industry", "text": "The wire and cable industry has moved from being a small industry 20 years back to a very large industry over the last decade. Although it is a volume-driven product, it has a lot of quality and technical particulars. Over a period of time, the industry has moved from the unorganised to the organised sector. However, about 35% of this industry is still in the unorganised sector. Requirements like brand and quality perception are key in this Rs 15,000 crore industry. The wire and cables industry predominantly provides challenging opportunities in the field of manufacturing , supply chain, procurement, marketing and HR. This industry is currently undergoing a major change and portends huge opportunity for upcoming professionals and will give them a first hand experience on subjects like techno-marketing , brand building, Six-Sigma , just-in-time manufacturing , etc.INDUSTRY STATUSThe wire and cable industry comprises 40% of the entire electrical industry, which is expected to double in size over the next five years. The industry is growing at a CAGR of 15% as a result of growth in the power and infrastructure segments. It is expected to grow at similar rate for the next five years. The government's emphasis on the power sector reforms and infrastructure will further drive growth.GROWTH AREASThe wire and cable industry will eventually focus on supplying cables for specific applications pertaining to the industry needs. India has a lot of potential in the mining, power, oil and gas, metro railways, cement industry , steel industry and other sectors. Different kinds of cables like extra high voltage cables, elastomer cables, etc, are now being used for special applications such as mining/oil sector, shipbuilding /crane cables/elevator cables, cables for solar power plants, to harness power for new generation motor vehicles, windmill solutions, security systems and other types of data cables.SKILL-SETS REQUIREDThis field requires and teaches freshers and professionals to be techno-commercially inclined. Ideally, electrical/mechanical engineers for manufacturing, electrical engineers for EPC related sales for special applications, managers with operations knowledge for implementation of world class manufacturing techniques, managers with knowledge of creative/application based marketing, MBAs who can use various strengths of companies and make use of adjacent opportunities, as well as fresh graduates who have the zeal to outperform and change customer outlook. The sector also provides tremendous entrepreneurial opportunities in trading, contracting and manufacturing.REMUNERATIONRemuneration depends on the particular company, based on its own outlook. It also depends on the institute from where the candidates are sourced. Pay packets offered are on a par with market standards and is not a limiting factor for the right candidates. The remuneration for a fresher may range between rupees two lakh and five lakh per annum.As told to Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13028531", "title": "No arrest in killing of rape victim even after 15 days", "text": "KANPUR: A 16-year-old girl of Jirau village in Farrukhabad was allegedly gang-raped and strangulated to death . Her body was set on fire by six youth of the same village on April 14. The cops have so far failed to arrest the accused.Despite repeated appeals, the police initially took no action against the accused. The girl's family was forced to approach the senior police officials, who directed to file a case. A case was registered with the Qayamganj Kotwali police under various sections of the IPC, including 302 and 376 on Saturday.The parents of the girl had been running from pillar to post for over a fortnight, hoping to get justice.Her mother Meena Devi mentioned in the complaint that her minor daughter was raped by six local youth. On April 14, the girl was sleeping alone in her room situated on the ground floor of the house while other family members were on the roof. The accused reportedly barged into the room, raped and strangulated her to death. They burnt her body on the outskirts of the village by sprinkling diesel.\"Yesterday also, the accused came to my house and threatened us with dire consequences if we did not withdraw the case,\" her mother said. When the couple reported the matter to the local police, they did not get help.Meena Devi said that she would approach the chief minister if she failed to get justice.Denying the allegations of police inaction, ASP OP Singh said that a case has been lodged and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13034347", "title": "Hillary Clinton's visit: US to invest in West Bengal, Mamata says", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , on Monday, discussed with the US secretary of state Hillary Clinton, the possible avenues for the US investment in the state.Briefing the media after Hillary's departure from Writers' Building, Mamata said that she mooted the idea of further discussions between chief secretary Samar Ghosh and US ambassador to India Nancy Powell on investment possibilities. According to sources, Mamata shared with Hillary her plans for development of the state.Hillary left her hotel in Alipore early morning and reached La Martiniere School for Girls around 9.15 am. She interacted with students and young professionals. The US secretary of state fielded several questions on topics ranging from her country's relations with Israel , its anxiety over Iran's nuclear programme to its support for Pakistan . She also stressed upon the importance of water sharing between nations and regional co-operation.Later, she went to the state secretariat and was received by Mamata. The entire route and Writers' Building was unprecedentedly guarded. Nobody without a valid security clearance was allowed to get close to the chief minister's chamber where the two leaders met.Though Mamata denied this, sources claimed that Hillary discussed her Bangladesh trip with the CM who put her foot down, last year, against the Teesta water sharing treaty between India and Bangladesh.\"We discussed several issues but not the water sharing agreement,\" Mamata said.The chief minister said that Hillary Clinton had gifted to her a scarf with a printed picture of Rabindranath Tagore and a line from one of his songs. \"I told her that we are preparing to celebrate Tagore's 151st birth anniversary (on Tuesday). She was very keen about the works of people like Tagore and Swami Vivekananda. I also told her that Shahrukh Khan has agreed to become West Bengal's brand ambassador. She said that Shahrukh is very popular in the US and has a fan club there. I also told her that we watch Hollywood films in India and suggested better co-operation with the film industries in our country. I also conveyed my thanks for a wonderful Poila Boisakh (Bengali New Year's Day) message that she had sent for Bengalis on April 14,\" a visibly happy Mamata said.Hillary complemented Mamata on her landslide victory in the state assembly elections. She also accepted several gifts including a copy of the Gitanjali and the works of Swami Vivekananda, from Mamata.The US secretary of state left the state secretariat soon after noon for the airport. She departed for New Delhi where she will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028045", "title": "Local artists add colours to international cricket stadium", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) has planned to rope in amateur painters to colour and decorate the stadium complex here. This is against the nationwide practice where only renowned artistes are preferred to decorate the stadiums and venues with their paintings.The idea is to involve the local people in the project of the international-level stadium construction.JSCA organized a painting competition at the stadium complex here on Sunday in which more than 150 participants from different parts of the state and neighbouring states participated. The competition was divided into three levels-sub junior (below 14 years) junior (14-21 years) and seniors (21 years and above).The organizers decided to honour the successful painters with cash rewards. Besides, they will be felicitated during the one-day international match, scheduled to be held towards the end of the year at this stadium. JSCA president Amitabh Choudhary said the winners would get the opportunity to be a part of the stadium's decoration work.\"We have decided to decorate the corporate lounge, green room, main entrance and other important places with their paintings,\" he said.Praveen Karmakar, Ujjwal Dey and Somparna Samanta bagged the first prizes in senior, junior and sub-junior levels respectively winning cash rewards of Rs.25,000, Rs.20,000 and Rs, 10,000 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13028017", "title": "After survey, National Metallurgical Laboratory to train schoolchildren in metallurgy", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After conducting a survey to ascertain the career preference of adolescent students, the CSIR-National Metallurgical Laboratory, (NML-Jamshedpur) has announced a special hands-on-training programme for the potential metallurgical scientists of the city.During summer vacations, when scores of schoolchildren will be visiting hill stations with family and friends to beat the heat, a selected few would be at the NML laboratory to learn more about metallurgy.According to NML, some schools, mostly the English medium ones have picked up students of standard XI and XII for the special training programme.\"The proposed programme aims to provide a platform for understanding the subject from close quarters,\" said chief scientist of CSIR-NML, N G Goswami, adding that the programme would be beneficial to the students willing to take up metallurgy as their career.Over 30 students from different schools have been identified for the hands-on-training programme.\"In response to our invitation, the schools have identified respective students and sent their names to us,\" said a NML official who is part of the team that designed the hands-on-training programme for the students.The special training session will last for three weeks and participating students will be learning the fundamentals of metallurgical science in all practical ways for five hours each day.\"Depending on the actual strength of the participating students, we would decide in the number of training days each week,\" said the official.The NML had recently introduced School-NML Interactive Programme wherein they invite students from each school on every Friday and take them the mother laboratory of the institution.Besides, a question and answer session is conducted by officials to reply to the curious questions of the young students.In its recent survey, NML found that about 40 per cent of the students in the Steel city are confused about make a career choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028147", "title": "Tomes on Islam a huge draw in cityFair on Islamic books attracts people in droves", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Several leading Islamic book publishers in the state has come together to make the Cordova Islamic Fair organized by the Islamic Heritage Trust a big hit.The seven-day fair, which began at the Jubilee Hall in city on Wednesday, has been attracting hundreds of people. Organizers say the fair provides the visitors a rare chance to shop unique books related to Islam.The fair has been named after Cordova in Spain, which was the capital of Islamic caliphate in Middle Ages. Several leading Islamic groups in the state keeping aside all their differences have been taking part in the book fair.There are over 60 stalls that showcase rare books and artefacts such as coins of the Tipu Sultan , and photographs. The organizers said that the event will be organized every year in the state.The photographs that underscore the age-old relation of the state with various Arab countries are a major point of attraction in the fair. The special drum which was used in Mishkal mosque, one of the oldest mosques in the state, to announce the prayer timings was also on display.The fair showcases Quran in 56 languages including Chinese, Spanish, English, Malayalam, Indonesian, Persian, Hausa, Urdu, Sindhi, Russian, and Arabic. The exhibition also gives the believers a rare chance to see the smallest Quran in the world.The religious text written in Braille script for the blind is also being sold here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026660", "title": "Cong leaders pitch for reservations for Muslims", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to win the confidence of the state's Muslim community, senior state and national Congress leaders participated in a two-day conference on education organized by the All India Muslim Educational Society here.The topic of education was seemingly touched upon at the meet which was more of an opportunity for the leaders to play to the popular sentiment by taking up the issue of reservation for the minority community.Congress leaders spared no opportunity to promise assistance to the community on several policies and schemes.Union law minister Salman Khurshid set the agenda for the day while advocating the demand for Muslim reservation. In his inaugural address, Khurshid said the community was entitled to 4.22 % reservation as per its percentage in the population.\"Showing our commitment towards social justice, the Central government has provided 4.5% reservation to Muslims within the existing reservation for the Other Backward Classes (OBCs),\" he said amid thunderous applause from the gathering.E Ahamed, Union minister of state for external affairs echoed Khurshid's sentiment, and said \"the community deserves reservation\". Taking the credit for pushing the cause of reservation under the OBC category, the Congress leader said he had been pursuing the issue before Khurshid.Much-in news Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh too was in attendance at the gathering and asked chief minister Ashok Gehlot to take a 'bold step' and award reservation to the community on the lines of other states such as Kerala.Singh also used the platform to pacify the community which has been seething with anger over the government's handling of the Gopalgarh firing incident. Defending the Gehlot-led government, the Congress leader said, \"The government had ordered the judicial inquiry followed by a CBI probe and suspension of Bharatpur collector and SP which shows its commitment towards safeguarding the interests of minorities.\"Playing the populist card, Rajya Sabha chairman and Congress leader K Rehman pitched for a state university for the minority community to be named after Khwaja Gharib Nawaz in Ajmer. The demand was immediately accepted by the CM who assured quick allotment if land for it.He also announced five new ITI to be set-up in Muslim strongholds besides assured the Muslim educationist groups of full cooperation in setting up educational institutes. He took the credit of exposing the Saffron terror outfits while saying, \"Rajasthan Unit of Anti-Terror Squad has framed cases against Hindu fundamentalist for carrying out terror acts in Ajmer Dargah, Samjhauta Express, Malegoan and Mecca Mosque in Hyderabad.The Conference also demanded the government of India to declare as minority concentrated Districts and Blocks where there are 15 percent or more minority population. The Conference passed resolutions for consideration to the Government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad/chennai", "code": "13027959", "title": "Techie held for deemed varsity question paper leak, exams cancelled", "text": "HYDERABAD/CHENNAI: The entrance examination of Chennai-based SRM deemed university was cancelled following a question paper leak in Hyderabad on Sunday. Nearly 1.5 lakh students, mostly from south India, were scheduled to write the university's entrance examination for admission to B Tech courses at 10am on Sunday.A Hyderabad-based techie and former student of the same university, Praneeth (25), was arrested for trying to sell copies of the question paper along with the answer key to students on May 5. Praneeth, originally from Khammam district, is an employee of a Jubilee Hills-based software firm, Indosoft International, police said.It was a local news channel that caught Praneeth on camera while he was trying to sell the question paper. Praneeth had fixed a rate of Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 for the paper and its answer key. The TV crew handed him over to the local Madhapur police on Saturday night. A case was booked against him under IPC 320 (cheating) and the AP Educational Act.About 30,000 students from Andhra Pradesh had applied for the university's entrance examination. AP is the second highest contributor of students for SRM University, which is one of Tamil Nadu's leading deemed universities and conducts entrance tests in all states in the country.Madhapur police officials said the question paper was also being traded online to students based in other states including Tamil Nadu. The test had already been conducted across many centres before university registrar N Sethuraman announced the cancellation of the entrance exam around 2pm following protests by parents at various centres in Hyderabad.According to Madhapur inspector K Srinath Reddy, Praneeth got a copy of the question paper from his friend G V Reddy, a native of Vijayawada. Praneeth is a former student of SRM College and G V Reddy was his batchmate at the college last year. \"G V Reddy procured a soft copy of the question paper and sent it to Praneeth via e-mail,\" said Srinath Reddy.The police retrieved the e-mail from Praneeth's personal computer. Even photostat copies of the question paper were found with him. \"We are in touch with Chennai police as it is not known how G V Reddy got the question paper,\" said Madhapur inspector.Officials from the university said that they had no idea about the leak till the news was reported by TV channels on Sunday morning. \"We got information about the leak confirmed from police officers of both the states by afternoon. Soon after, we decided to cancel the examination. The new dates for the entrance exam will be announced soon,\" said Sethuraman", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029357", "title": "Play brings alive the magic of Chekhov", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two-day theatre festival \"Yayavar\" began with the staging of the play \"Chekhov Ki Duniya\" on Sunday, the auditorium of Vivek High School in Sector 38, Chandigarh. The play was based on six short stories written by Antone Chekhov and was directed by Ranjeet Kapoor.Among the six short stories - \"Besahara Aurat\" features a wild woman with a nervous disorder who tries to extort money from a banker, \" Dooba Hua Aadmi\", features a man in the maritime entertainment business who drowns himself for a small fee, \"Shikari\" shows a man-about-town giving an instructional session on seducing women using a new husband as the conduit for his attempted seduction of the man's bride, \" Cheenk\" is an ironic tale of the sneezer who cannot apologize enough to a blustering general for sneezing on his head at the opera. \"The Clerk\" cannot redeem himself of guilt and fears demotion. \"Surgery\" is the story of a man with a toothache faced with an inexperienced dental assistant who attempts his first tooth extraction. \"The Gift\" is a tale of a dedicated father who thrusts his shy 19-year-old son into manhood by taking him to a house of ill repute.Day-two will see two more plays staged at the same venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028556", "title": "Woman held for trafficking 6 tribal girls", "text": "BHOPAL: Six tribal girls, including two minors, were rescued from the clutches of a woman in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh while she was reportedly taking them to Delhi, police said.After the parents of the tribal girls contacted the police, the cops swung into action and traced them at a railway station when the accused was waiting for a train to Delhi on Saturday. Police arrested Jhamo alias Nano Bai, 40 and sent her to jail.Seven tickets for Delhi were recovered from the accused, Betul additional superintendent of police M L Solanki said.He said that accused has been booked on charges of kidnapping given that she didn't take their parents' consent to take these girls to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028825", "title": "Soon, two rural centres to study gene disorders", "text": "VARANASI: The clinical practices in the new millennium will shift from reactive mode to predictive and preventive mode, based on individual genetic make-up and we need to be prepared for it. Several diseases prevalent in India are yet to be identified and reported. This opinion was shared by Dr Lalji Singh, vice-chancellor, Banaras Hindu University , while interacting with mediapersons on Sunday.On the occasion, the BHU V-C announced the setting up of two rural centres for starting genetic diagnostic services in the remote parts of the country.The two centres at Kalwari Village ( Jaunpur) and Kolar region in Karnataka are going to become functional soon. These centres have been set up under the Genome Foundation.The BHU V-C elaborated that millions of people are suffering from inherited diseases. One-sixth of the world population living in India has never been systematically studied for the prevalence of inherited genetic disorders. He maintained that the disturbing factor is that there is no cure available for these diseases and hence, prevention of the inheritance of such diseases becomes absolutely essential. The last two decades have seen the emergence of modern cytogenetics and molecular genetics along with the development of medical genetics from a purely academic discipline into a clinical specialty of great importance.Highlighting the work of Genome Foundation, a non-profitable organization, set up with an aim of providing authentic genetic diagnostic services to the people of the country, the BHU V-C and founder director (managing director) of the Foundation, maintained that the genetic make-up of the individual needs to be analysed and studied for predicting the vulnerability to particular disease.As every individual is known to carry between five to fifty defective genes in the lifetime, the genome sequencing could identify the genes responsible for causing particular disease in the lifetime. Even, the medication and drugs being given today may not work after a particular period and the DNA-Gene profiling would decide the kinds of drugs suitable for patients, the BHU V-C said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028982", "title": "Government rejects Sonegaon lake acquisition proposal", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has rejected the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) proposal to take over Sonegaon lake spread over 44 acres by giving transfer of development rights (TDR) to its owners. The NMC had proposed to give TDRs worth around Rs 100 crore instead of spending just around Rs 2 crore on acquisition process.Giving details of actual provisions, opposition corporator Praful Gudadhe, a member of standing committee who also represents the Airport ward where the lake is situated, told TOI, the proposal was illegal. \"TDR is not to be given for acquiring water bodies. The acquisition process is a proper method as per provisions in the bylaws. Therefore, I had placed a proposal in the general body held on April 30 to acquire the lake. The proposal was passed unanimously and will be sent to state government for its consent,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal informed the house about the proposal of TDR sent to the Government and also about its rejection. The proposal was prepared by the Town Planning Department of NMC. RTI activist CH Naidu told TOI, proposing TDR for acquiring a lake was a scam.\"Sonegaon lake is a heritage site. There are provisions to acquire a lake for conservation purposes. The lake may be acquired on the basis of orders passed by Supreme Court on July 25, 2011, in Hinch Lal Tiwari Vs Kamala Devi and others civil appeal no 4787 of 2001. On the basis of this judgment, Pune Municipal Corporation had acquired Dhanori lake following High Court's order.\"The divisional commissioner had actually started the acquisition process in 1999. The notification in this regard was also published in the gazette on December 30, 1999. It was challenged by a co-owner Dr Rakharani Bhiwapurkar in High Court through a writ petition in 2000. The case is still pending. Despite all these, NMC prepared the TDR proposal. Enquiry should be conducted in this regard,\" Naidu demanded.Naidu further said, even MP Vilas Muttemwar had demanded acquisition of lake in 1998. \"Muttemwar, through a letter dated June 2, 1998, had requested the then divisional commissioner SS Hussain who sent a letter dated June 9, 1998, to then collector to initiate appropriate action. TDR proposal was prepared only in the interest of a few persons. Realizing it as wrong, Government rejected the proposal,\" he said.The lake covers 44 acres. \"TDR of 44 acres land comes to 1,76,000 sq metres or 18,94,464 sq ft. The minimum prevailing rate of land is Rs 500 sq ft that too as per ready reckoner. It will come to minimum of Rs 95 crore. If lake is acquired through normal process, NMC will have to pay maximum of Rs 2 crore. NMC may easily afford this,\" they said.Deputy director (town planning) Vijay Goswami and assistant commissioner, Laxmi Nagar Zone Subashchandra Jaidev, were not available for their comments despite several attempts.Catchment area encroachedThe catchment area of Sonegaon lake is encroached upon to a great extent. RTI activist CH Naidu obtained list of heritage places in city. The lake is mentioned in it at serial No 192. In the description column, it is mentioned that \"catchment extending into Airport area and beyond.\"At present the entire land between lake and the Airport has construction. \"The flow of water into the lake is too blocked due to these constructions,\" he said. Naidu further said the NMC had undertaken rejuvenation work at the lake. \"NMC had earlier told social activist Gopal Thosar that beautification and conservation works could not be undertaken here before the lake was acquired. Though the ongoing work is beneficial for the conservation of lake, it is questionable as the lake still belongs to private persons,\" he said.What is TDRTransfer of Development Rights (TDR) means making available rights to certain amount of additional built up area in lieu of the actual area or rights surrendered by the owner of the land, so that he can use the rights himself at another site or transfer it to another person in need of the extra built up area. TDRs go for the price of real estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13028405", "title": "Bridge course for science students from May 16", "text": "MANGALORE: Alva's Pragati 2012, a placement initiative by Alva's Education Foundation, Moodbidri, will be held on May 12 and 13 on Vidyagiri campus, Moodbidri. In this connection, the foundation is conducting a 4-day pre-placement training for benefit of students. The training includes technical training on C, C++, Java, Linux and Android.The participants will also be trained in other soft skills like aptitude training, selling and telemarketing skills, English grammar, customer support, resume writing, group discussion, corporate etiquette and mock interviews.Resource persons include Ramanan of LCS, Vikas Karanth of Wipro, Kshama, Ruchir Anand, Syed, Ravindra Shenoy, Chaithra, Raghavendran V, and Edwin. Students interested to register for the placement program can do so by registering online at www.alvaspragati.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13028391", "title": "Ration card woes will end by May 30", "text": "MANGALORE: Ration card woes in Karnataka will end by May 30, if the authorities concerned follow the time-frame directive given by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda here on Sunday. As per the directive, a detailed verification of all applications received so far has to be completed on May 10, the ration cards have to be sent for printing on May 20 and the process of distributing the cards should start across the state on May 30.DCs who fail to adhere to the deadline line will face the heat, said the CM after undertaking a review of the progress of Dakshina Kannada district.\"While ration cards will initially be distributed to BPL beneficiaries, steps will be taken to issue them to APL families subsequently,\" he said.Likewise, the process of verification of beneficiaries of social security schemes rolled out by the government has been taken up since March. \"Complaints of genuine beneficiaries missing out from getting the benefits of such schemes have come to my notice. MLAs can represent any such case in their constituencies to me. BPL cards issued will be the sole basis of selection of beneficiaries ,\" he added.Decisions taken by task forces headed by MLAs with regard to mitigating drinking water scarcity will be final, CM said responding to complaint from Bantwal MLA B Ramanath Rai that officials were not acting on decisions taken at the Task Force. \"If the MLAs feel there is need for additional bore wells, additional funds will be released to the respective DCs,\" CM noted.The state government will bring about an amendment to the Section 94 (C) of Karnataka Land Revenue Act. \"The government order, that will be issued in this regard, will spell out the cut off date to accept applications from homeless poor who have built houses on revenue land and initiate the process of issuing title deeds to them,\" he said adding the process of issuing door numbers to such persons will be initiated thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027339", "title": "Virat Kohli praises AB de Villiers for win", "text": "BANGALORE: RCB stand-in skipper Virat Kohli on Sunday heaped praise on AB de Villiers for his whirlwind 47 off 17 balls which helped them to beat Deccan Chargers by five wickets and keep their hopes alive of making it to the play-off in the fifth Indian Premier League.De Villiers' helped RCB score 72 runs off in the 3.5 overs to overhaul the stiff target of 182 with seven balls to spare and Kohli described it as one of the best finishes he had seen.\"We wanted to win it badly, they bowled well in the middle overs, but when you have AB, anything is possible. That's one of the best finishes I have seen. Hopefully we can continue this momentum and make it to the play-offs,\" Virat said after the match.De Villiers was particularly harsh on his countrymate Dale Steyn as he smashed him for two sixes and as many fours but the wicketkeeper-batsman said he was scared of the speedstar.\"We needed that win. The commentators spoke about our charity initiative back home, guess that is what motivated me tonight. I was actually quite scared facing him [Steyn], I know him pretty well. It does not happen every day,\" he said.Deccan skipper Kumar Sangakkara put the blame on the bowlers to failed to contain the de Villiers at the death overs.\"We made a good score, but we did not get the yorkers in. We needed to bowl good balls and make it difficult for AB, who batted unbelievably well.\"All you can do is trust your bowlers to do the work for you. Dale has had a great tournament, unfortunately he had a bad over today. You hold and hold until you ultimately win,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028885", "title": "Leader's camp now targets Chaturvedi, Kaptan Singh", "text": "Much like Vasundhara Raje , her loyalists are in no mood to compromise over the issue of state leadership. Having extended support to her, the camp has also started raising their voice demanding change in the present state leadership.According to sources, the Raje camp wants state president Arun Chaturvedi and party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki replaced. The demand for Chaturvedi to be replaced by someone from the Raje camp is an old one, with the Raje loyalists raking it up time and again. They are now blaming Chaturvedi and Solanki for the controversy surrounding Kataria's yatra.\"The present state president is weak and failed to take a clear stand over the yatra. He also made no attempts to appease the two senior members - Kataria and Kiran Maheshwari - who were involved in a verbal spat. He must go,\" said a senior leader.The Saturday night's fiasco during the core committee meeting has given them the platform to wage a war against the state leadership.The central leadership has also been informed about their demand and sources claim that the senior leaders have assured that these would be addressed. Raje too has demanded that statements contradicting or challenging her leadership during the next assembly elections, be put an end to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028112", "title": "Despite fines, men board ladies\u2019 special trains", "text": "CHENNAI: The lure of vacant seats in an albeit crowded suburban train service is too much to resist for some men. For some others, it is plain ignorance. Three years after the ladies special suburban trains in Chennai Beach-Tambaram and Chennai-Arakkonam sectors were flagged off, regular commuters are still finding it difficult to distinguish them from the rest.Men continue to get into the train accidentally because it is very difficult to identify whether a train is ladies special or a regular service as the Railways is yet to give it a special colour code.The train was mainly started to help women commuters travel without hassle. \"Many men get on the train unknowingly and are fined by the women police stationed inside the compartments. They even get off at the next station after we tell them,\" said a frequent commuter on the Chennai Beach-Tambaram ladies special train.In the last four months alone, 53 men were fined for travelling in the ladies special trains in the two sectors, according to sources from the Railway Protection Force (RPF).When the ladies special train was introduced in 2009, a record 257 men had boarded the train in the Chennai Beach-Tambaram sector. That figure soon dropped in three cases in 2010 after RPF cracked down on the violators. But, it increased again in 2011 to 21 cases.The Chennai Beach-Arakkonam sector is worse off with 153 cases in 2009, 34 cases in 2010 and 164 cases in 2011. A fine ranging between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 is imposed against offenders under section 162 of Indian Railway Act 1989.Most of the violators are office goers and college students. They board the ladies train in suburban areas like Chengelpet and Potheri. As the helpline number is advertised in all coaches, women commuters often alert the RPF.\"We are taking all possible precautions to eliminate the problems faced by men. Also, we are planning to increase the publicity of this train so that men are aware that it is a women's only train,\" said VJ Accamma, chief public relations officer, Southern Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029203", "title": "Career Scopes", "text": "Students aspiring to join Delhi University this year in the field of humanities have a number of choicesConventionalCivil services, law, lecturers, teaching, research scholars \"Traditionally, students of humanities chose research or scholarly jobs, or prepare for careers in civil services, law, or take up administrative jobs. These are still options and many students do opt for them every year,\" says VK Kaul, dean, department of applied social sciences and humanities, Delhi UniversityEmerging TrendsJournalism/Mass communication According to Debjani Sen Gupta, department of English, though journalism has been a conventional career option since long, especially for students pursuing English as the main subject, new avenues have opened in this field as well. With the boom in new media , there is a high demand for content writers, blog writers , etc. Other options like script writing, public relations, and creating your own web portal are the emerging career prospectsOther AvenuesAdvertising, publishing, tourist guide, radio jockeying, filmmaking, performance arts, public relations and corporate communications are the other promising job prospects suggested by placement faculty of DU for humanities students", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027277", "title": "Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission hearing on performance norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: After concluding the public hearing on power tariff last week, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is now planning to hold a hearing on the performance standard and supply code regulations and hopes to notify the norms alongside the new tariff announcement in the next two to three months.Notification of these regulations was one of the key demands of stakeholders in the public hearing alongside a CAG audit of discoms and more accountability.The regulator had come out with a draft of Delhi Electricity Supply Code and Performance Standard Regulations in 2010, under which consumers can penalize discoms if they do not complete tasks within the stipulated time frame. But notification for the same had been delayed.The penalties range from Rs 10 to Rs 500 per day depending on the default. These will have to be adjusted against the consumer's bills but not later than 90 days from the date of violation of a guaranteed standard. In case of new connections, discoms have to provide the connections within 30 days of receipt of application or pay Rs 10 per Rs 1,000 of the demand charges deposited by the consumer for each day of default.DERC officials said that the recent public hearing was confined to tariff matters and solar tariff, and there would a separate hearing for performance regulations.Apart from notifying the performance standard regulations in the new tariff announcement, the regulator is also set to announce a 2% renewable energy obligations (RPO) for Delhi discoms when they announce the new tariff later this year.This means that discoms will be obliged to procure a mandatory 2% power of their total through renewable energy sources like solar, wind, geo-thermal, municipal waste etc. Out of this 2%, procuring 0.1% solar power is mandated. While some consumers expressed worry that the 2% RPO could become a costly proposition for them, the general consensus in the hearing was in favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13028654", "title": "Desi dash for US Congress: 12 in fray", "text": "WASHINGTON: A record number of Indian-Americans - at least 12 - are in the fray for the November 2012 polls vying for a place in the House of Representatives, reflecting the serious effort of this fastest growing ethnic community in the US to politically empower itself.Cutting across party lines, these Indian-American candidates are spread all over the country - with two each from California and Michigan. Congressman Hansen Clare, who is half Indian, is seeking re-election from Michigan, while another candidate Tulsi Gabbard, a Hindu, is receiving massive support from Indian-Americans.The inspiration for them comes from the success of two rising stars of the Republican party, Nikki Haley (governor of South Carolina) and Bobby Jindal (governor of Louisiana). However, majority of the Indian-American candidates are running for the Congress on Democratic Party tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028025", "title": "Public hearing on green clearance", "text": "RANCHI: Imagine a public hearing on environmental clearance at the Hazaribag town hall wherein villagers walk in sporting a white 'gamchi' (towel) on their shoulders.The get-up is not casual but with a specific purpose. All these people are identified as supporters of the Tenughat-Empta Coal Mining Limited. One such public hearing was held on February 15. It prompted citizens in Hazaribag to call upon activists from all over the state to attend the next public hearing on May 16.Messages have been circulated to various organizations, including the Jharkhand Mine Area Committee (JMAC), Jharkhand Small Scale Industries Association (JSIA) and human rights organizations.The public hearing has been called on behalf of the Jharkhand Integrated Power limited (JIPL) for an open-cast coal mine. The mine is likely to displace 8,562 families in Gondalpura and Badam coal blocks of North Karnpura region.Ranchi-based social activist Stan Swami said there was an urgent need to publicize the public hearing in absence of any effort by the local administration. \"As per norms, the district administration should have advertised about the public hearing but for reasons best known to them such hearings are conducted among representatives of villagers who have hardly anything to lose in case of eviction,\" he said.Citing example of previous public hearing in which only an identified group of villagers were allowed to enter into the town hall Swami said that the villagers who are actually going to be displaced were not allowed to raise voice.\"Some anti-social elements resorted to vandalism and innocent villagers were arrested by police,\" Swami said.This time, Azadi Bachao Andolan, a group of over 3,000 people in Hazaribag have decided to attend the public hearing and ensure that their voices get heard. Key member of civil disobedience movement for coal in Hazaribag R P Shahi said large number of villagers went to the coal mines to pick up half to one kilogram of coal and hand it over to the BDO symbolically and claim their rights over the coal stock recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033782", "title": "Shivam aka Lavin Gothi makes a re-entry!", "text": "Lavin Gothi aka Shivam makes his entry again on 'Dil Dostii Dance'. Shivam was sorely missed when he exited the show but sources confirm that there will be more excitement in the show ahead with the bad boy's return. Rey, the college heartthrob and one of the top Dazzlers, decides to take upon Shivam and his evil gang and vows to make life difficult for him.But Rey's not the only one. Weakling Swayam takes up for his love Sharon and he too decides to teach Shivam a lesson. How Sharon reacts is yet to be seen but the characters of Rey (Kunwar Amarjeet Singh) and Swayam (Shantanu Maheshwari) will go through a mature phase in the serial, as told to sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13026698", "title": "Ex-armyman held for minor\u2019s rape", "text": "NOIDA: A nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a retired armyman. Gautam Budh Nagar police arrested the accused on Sunday.Police officials said that the accused has been identified as Bangali Singh (50), who retired from service two years ago.He had been residing in a rented accommodation in Sadarpur in Noida, near sector 44.Police said that the complaint made by the victim cited the incident took place at around 10am on Friday.Singh stays in the same block as the victim's family who have also rented a house there.At the time of the crime, the victim was alone in the house as her parents were away at work.\"Singh entered their house on some pretext as he was known to the victim and then forcibly raped her. Medical check up of the girl has confirmed rape,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033587", "title": "Now Silk Smitha in Malayalam", "text": "Vijayalakshmi Vadlapati aka Silk Smitha, has continued to be a muse, not only for bollywood , but for all the regional cinema too, after the success of 'The Dirty Picture'.Now Malayalam film industry is gearing up for another 'Silk Smitha'. The Malayalam film would be called, 'Profile'. And it's shooting is scheduled to start in June. Profile would talk about the real life of 'silk' unlike 'the dirty picture'.The story of 'Profile' would also be based on Antony Eastman, the man who first launched Silk into the Malayalam film industry through the film 'Ennayae Theadi'. The script is by Kaloor Dennis and Anil is the director of the movie.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027869", "title": "Ration dealers to boycott Neyyanttikara bypoll", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The All India Ration Dealers' Association has decided to stay away from the Neyyanttikara bypoll.The move is in protest against the Centre and state government's decision to distribute atta (wheat flour) instead of wheat through public distribution systems and to cut down the share of kerosene in state. They have also opposed the move to allow Maveli stores to distribute ration goods.The members are also planning to block the visit of Union minister K V Thomas when he visits the constituency for the election campaign. The association will turn all the 144 public distribution centres in the constituency to election committee offices to campaign against the government.\"The decision of Centre is the outcome of a secret meeting convened by K V Thomas, Shibu Baby John and private flour mills and fishing boat owners. The cabinet or UDF hasn't decided any such thing yet. This shows that there is a conspiracy to destroy the ration system in the state,\" alleged Babychan Mukkadan, national general secretary of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026853", "title": "Mumbai moons over 'super' phenomenon", "text": "MUMBAI: In the late 18th century Britain, a society of intellectuals formed a group called the Lunar Society and the members would meet on full moon nights for dinner debates over eclectic topics ranging from philosophy to art to science. Over centuries, the moon seems to have lost its glow, and its fans. It hardly stars in poetic verses or even Bollywood numbers anymore. But on rare occasions, like that on Sunday, when it moved closer to the Earth, it regained its celebrity status, albeit for a short while.In India, Super Moon phenomenon occurred at 9.03am when the distance between the moon and Earth was recorded as 3,56,955 km, the closest this year. Had the satellite orbited round the earth in a perfect circle, such a phenomena would have never occurred, with both the bodies remaining equidistant all the times.In its elliptical (oval) orbit, for an observer from the earth, the moon's apparent size varies as it moves closer and away from the Earth. When it is the closest to the Earth, at Perigee point, it appears the largest in size and that is what happened on Sunday.\"This May's full moon is a Super Moon. It looked 14% bigger and 30% brighter than on other full moons this year,\" said a note put up by Planetary Society , India, on its website. Suhas Satam, programme coordinator of Nehru Planetarium said, \"Not everyone will be able to make out the 14% difference in size. But if one saw the moon in the past few days and compared it with today, they would not miss it.\" The moon appeared the biggest when it was just over the horizon.On Sunday evening, with the Mumbai sky mottled with cumulonimbus clouds, the Super Moon debuted over the eastern horizon around 7.30pm, looking bigger but dull. Only as it climbed higher in the sky, it seemed to grow brighter. By 9pm, it was brilliant and bright, though by then, the difference in size was not ostensible.But that did not stop Mumbaikars from aiming their cameras and mobiles at the sky to capture the phenomenon. A resident, Arvind Hingorani, spotted the Super Moon only when he glanced up at the sky while heading for home, leaving a cricket match half-way through. \"Who watches the moon these days, but on events like these and eclipses? The flood lights at the stadium were too bright for anyone to spot Super Moon. And over there, no one is watching the moon,\" he said. But millions will see the Super Moon, though not against the dark Mumbai sky, but in the hundreds of photographs uploaded since the last 24 hours on social networking sites, media websites and like.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027435", "title": "Court calls murder case \u2018rare\u2019, hands out 20-year rigorous imprisonment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a 29-year-old man to 20 years in jail for murdering a person after robbing him of Rs 2.5 lakh at gunpoint and injuring his son.Terming the case \"rare\" and observing that the man was a \"desperate\" criminal for whom life had no value, additional sessions judge (ASJ) Kamini Lau ordered that convict Anil Kumar should not be given any remission till he undergoes an actual sentence of 20 years in jail. Besides the jail term, the court also imposed a fine of Rs 22,000 on him.\"I am of a considered opinion that this case cannot be put on the same pedestal as other ordinary murder cases. It is also true that punishment in every case does send a message to the community at large. Hence, this case can be easily classified as a rare case which calls for the exercise of alternative options by the court,\" the judge said, awarding 20 years' rigorous imprisonment to Kumar.Kumar was facing trial for murdering Krishan Kumar Bansal and injuring his son while robbing them in daytime two years ago in the capital.The court refused to show any leniency to Kumar, saying the courts of law cannot ignore the conditions prevailing in the country, where the law-and-order situation has deteriorated in the recent past.\"Young persons are robbing innocent victims by putting them in fear of death with indiscriminate use of dangerous weapons on them, whether or not they offer any resistance, thereby spreading terror in the society and adversely affecting the social order and faith of the people in the system,\" ASJ Lau said. The incident took place on May 10, 2010, when the victim's son, Nitin Bansal, came to his office in Tri Nagar here after withdrawing Rs 2.5 lakh from bank. Kumar entered Bansal's office and after brandishing a pistol, snatched the bag containing money from them and tried to flee on his motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13028282", "title": "Cop suspended for failing to act in bomb case", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the police are struggling to crack the cycle bomb case, a special sub-inspector (SSI) has been suspended on charges of dereliction of duty.Commissioner of police, Sanjay Mathur issued the suspension orders to Isaac Samuel, the special sub-inspector attached to Mathichiam police station on Saturday for allegedly failing to act on the information given by a temple security personnel about the abandoned cycle parked in front of the temple.The security personnel of the Ram Temple at Anna Nagar had informed the patrolling police officer that a cycle was left unattended near the temple's fence for more than three days. Two days after the security personnel informed the police, a low-intensity bomb hidden in the cycle exploded on May 1. Though no one was injured in the explosion, the bomb created a scare among the public, as it came in the wake of the Chithirai festival and the BJP's two-day state conference scheduled for May 10 and 11.The culprits had hid the bomb inside a box attached to the cycle and fastened the vehicle with the fence with a chain. Soon after the bomb blast, Mathur conducted inquiries to verify whether the security personnel had informed the police. On finding that the police were informed about the suspicious cycle and that the SSI had failed to pursue the information further that would have prevented the blast, the commissioner ordered his suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13027850", "title": "River Periyar turns toxic for fish; more deaths near Pathalam belt", "text": "KOCHI: More fish deaths are being reported, albeit in smaller numbers, in the district. This time, it is in the ESI-Pathalam belt of River Periyar in Eloor municipality.The water in the area has turned green and become stagnant with fall in levels of dissolved oxygen (DO).According to local people, dead fish were found gathered on the banks of river on the Pathalam belt on Saturday and Sunday. They alerted the pollution control board (PCB) officials who came and collected the samples.A similar incident was reported last Thursday on the banks of Muttar River, a tributary of Periyar. On testing, the PCB officials found that stagnant water containing decayed waste entered Muttar and the fish had died due to lack of dissolved oxygen.\"The water here has turned green since yesterday. We don't think that the water can be used for drinking,\" said Purushan Eloor, activist, Periyar Malineekarana Virudha Samithi.The green colour of water could be because of the presence of ferrous chloride caused by dumping of iron salts which had been stocked for several days, said S Seetharaman, environmentalist. \"It must be because of the industrial effluents in that belt.People might have dumped the waste gradually, over the time, hoping that it would go with the flow of water. But that didn't happen,\" he said.However, Eloor municipality officials denied having received any official complaint regarding the fish deaths in the Pathalam belt. Lissy George, chairperson, Eloor municipality denied that water supply in the area had been disrupted due to the incident.\"The public water supply was disrupted only on Friday. It was actually due to shut down in the FACT tank and had nothing to do with the dead fish in the river. The public were informed of the disruption in water supply beforehand.The supply is fully restored now,\" said Lissy. She also said that the report by the PCB regarding the pollution of water was only applicable for a couple of days and the water is totally clean now.Kerala state pollution control board chairman K Sajeevan said there were instances in which people released waste from septic tanks into the river. Some use illegal methods to catch fish, which in turn lead to the death of large number of fish.\"Often we see dead fish in the early morning and by the time our officials reach the spot, it has been cleared away. As far as the cause of death of aquatic life is concerned, it is for the university experts to collect samples and give us reports,\" he said.He also said that the PCB was planning to bring together all the agencies including researchers and police to check such incidents and investigate into the reasons for acute pollution in the rivers.The fish are very sensitive to slight variation in pH levels in water, said S Bijoy Nandan, marine biologist, Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat). He said that reduced oxygen levels or 'oxygen sagging' (as it is called) can lead to death of large number of fish. High turbidity in the water can lead to fall in oxygen levels.When the water turns black, it means that the water has high levels of biological oxygen demand (BOD) which leads to a drop in the dissolved oxygen (DO) content of the water. Fish and zooplankton depend on this DO to survive.\"If the DO drops to below a critical level, the ecology of the stream is highly disturbed and it begins to die. This condition can lead to an increase in anaerobic bacteria (species that can live in the absence of oxygen) that in turn leads to the production of foul-smelling, toxic gases. These gases may include methane, hydrogen sulfide, and ammonia,\" said C M Joy, professor, department of botany, Sacred Heart College, Thevara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028445", "title": "Steps must be taken to protect children's rights: Chief justice", "text": "PATNA: Patna High Court (HC) Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit on Sunday said children were precious assets and every possible step should be taken to protect their rights.After the valedictory speech, she announced the end of the two-day national seminar on 'Child Right and the Law', jointly organized by Chanakya National Law University (CNLU), Unicef and the Bihar Child Right Protection Commission here. The session's rapporteur and CNLU VC, A Lakshminath, gave vote of thanks.Earlier, in technical session of the seminar, HC judge Anjana Prakash spoke on the role of the judiciary in protecting the rights of the children, while Prof Vinay Kanth delivered a speech on the role of civil society organizations on the issue of child rights.In the morning session, labour resources department principal secretary Vyasji spoke on opportunities for inter-agency coordination for elimination of child labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027852", "title": "PSC flouts MCI norms, invites MSc graduates for lecturer posts", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Flouting the medical council of India (MCI) guidelines for qualifications for lecture post in medical colleges, the state public service commission has invited application from MSc graduates. While it is mandatory for a candidate to have an MBBS or MD or MS degree for the lecture posts in medical colleges, the state public service commission has invited application for lecturer posts in entomology from the candidates having MSc in entomology.It is interesting to note that none of the universities in the state are offering MSc course in entomology and this may be the reason why PSC has said in the notification dated April 16 that candidates having MSc in Zoology can also apply.Medical Council of India during its inspection of the medical colleges had objected to the appointment of MSc graduates as the lecturers and hence had reported these posts as vacant.MCI had also reported that majority of the colleges working in the self-financing sector are employing MSc graduates as lectures in the non-clinical stream.Even United Grants Commission has stipulated that the basic qualification for the lecture post should be MSc with PhD or MPhil with an additional qualification of NET.However, PSC notification says that the lecture post in the medical education wing for which the sale of pay will be as per UGC norms.The appointment of MSc graduates as lectures in the medical colleges had been attributed as the reason behind the poor results in several colleges under the Kerala University of Medical Sciences (medical university).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031254", "title": "Jennifer Lopez says being a mom comes first", "text": "Jennifer Lopez has said it would be a \"blessing\" to be a mother once again and added that she was open to adopting a child.The 42-year-old singer and actress revealed details about how she fared during her pregnancy with twins Emme and Max, who have just turned four, the physical changes she experienced, and how motherhood changed her life in a meeting with the press in Los Angeles to present her latest film, this one based on the best-seller about pregnancy \"What To Expect When You're Expecting\".\"I want them to be well, that is the main thing for me. The rest will come later. I'm going day by day,\" Lopez, who said she had \"my hands full\" with raising her children and was relying on the support of \"a big family\", said Saturday.The artist is currently preparing a summer tour of North America with Enrique Iglesias and the duo Wisin and Yandel, and is a panel member on two television shows, \" American Idol \" and \"Q'Viva! The Chosen, on which she works with ex-husband Marc Anthony , the father of her children, and to all of this may be added the May 18 screening of the new film.\"I'm a little tired,\" Lopez said.The actress said she was happy with how things are going when she spoke in the presence of cast members Cameron Diaz , Elizabeth Banks , Anna Kendrick , Wendi McLendon-Covey and the author of the book, Heidi Murkoff.\"What To Expect When You're Expecting\" is an ensemble film that tells the stories of several different pregnancies, as gathered in Murkoff's popular work.In the film, Lopez is in a relationship with Brazilian Rodrigo Santoro and together they decide to begin legal procedures to adopt an Ethiopian boy.The singer said that her role in the film opened her eyes to adoption, something that she had never thought about before.Lopez divorced Anthony in July 2011 after seven years of marriage. She had given birth to their twins in February 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029237", "title": "Children learn to eat healthy and think better", "text": "Shishu Niketan, Sector 66, MohaliA healthy body is the abode of a healthy mind. Keeping it in mind and to develop the habit of eating fruits and vegetables, a fruit and vegetable party was held in the pre-nursery wing of the school. It was a way to introduce different fruits and vegetables to the tiny tots. The teachers showed different types of fruits and vegetables to the students and told them how one can be healthy and strong by consuming them. It was followed by the fruit party where students were served fruit chat. The main motive of the party was to inculcate healthy eating habits among the tiny tots.Shivalik Public School, Ph 6, MohaliYellow Day was observed by the students of nursery and LKG. All the children and staff came dressed in yellow attires. Children brought yellow food in their tiffin. A lemonade party was also held in the school to curb children's liking for colas and concentrated drinks. Children were taken to the sunflower garden of the school. Drawing and colouring of sun was also done.Ryan International School, Sector 49, ChandigarhClass-IX Formative Assessment PowerPoint presentation on famous mathematicians was held in the school premises. Students were told the importance of mathematics by relating it to daily and real life. They were also told about the greatest mathematicians in history. Students were made aware about the amazing discoveries made by these great mathematicians and the development of society and the growth of subject. They were given a small questionnaire related to the same to develop the objective approach towards the knowledge gained and to enhance their analytical skills.Doon Public School, Sector 21, PanchkulaTo bring awareness about the nutrition the school the Health &amp; Wellness Club organized a seminar for the students. The talk was given by Archna Prabhakar who spared her valuable time to make the children aware about balanced diet. She emphasized that junk food should be avoided and eaten only once or twice a month. Fruit and vegetable should be included more in the diet. Principal Capt Sanjay Anand, SM urged students to take care of their diet.St Xavier's, PanchkulaThe Annual ICSE Extempore Debate was held at the school premises. Ten schools from Tricity had participated, each with two speakers, one for and one against the motion. The topic \"Peer Pressure - Beneficial of Harmful\" was announced an hour prior to the show. Children had to prepare their arguments within this hour, without access to computer, books or newspapers. This really tested their skill as debaters.Kendriya Vidyalaya, Sector 47, Chandigarh (1st Shift)Inter-house group song competition was held in the primary wing of the school. The theme of the songs was \"Unity in Diversity\" and \"Patriotism\". Children dressed colourfully and presented songs. Headmistress Laxmi Issar appreciated the songs and efforts made by the teachers for the success of the competition. Godawari House was declared first, followed by Krishna and Kaveri Houses.Gem Public Sr Sec School, Ph 3b2, MohaliThe Investiture Ceremony 2012-2013 was organized at the school premises. The newly elected leaders took an oath of the office in a grand ceremony. The ceremony started with the Shabad. The flag bearer carried the school motto \"Learn, Spread light\". Principal Divjot Kaur administered the oath to the newly elected Head Boy Anuj Attri, Head Girl Pavneet Kaur, sports captain Kamalpreet Singh and council members of the School cabinet. Director H S Midha directed the children to upholding the school honour and strive for excellence in all spheres.St Teresa Convent School, PanchkulaA picnic was organized for the tiny tots by the school at the Herbal Park. The children were very happy to see colourful flowers and various types of plants. Both students and teachers enjoyed the trip and students also participated in various games.Bhavan Vidyalaya, ChandigarhDerek's Faster Smarter Better Challenge was organized in the school. This event was coordinated by the school's Quiz Club. The participants were selected from classes VI to X and were divided into four teams- Air, Water, Earth and Fire. Each team had one student each from classes VI to VIII and one student from classes- IX and X. Ezekiel Mani who was the quiz master deftly conducted the competition and impressed both the participants and the audience. At the end of a keenly contested competition, the winners were Team \"Water\" comprising Devanshu Dhawan (IX), Saurabh Gupta (VIII), Madhav Bansal (VII) and Puru Goel (VI).Saupin's School, PanchkulaIn order to cater to the intellectual needs of the students \"Spell - Bee\" activity was organized within the school premises. Students participated actively. The aim behind conducting this activity was to improvise the vocabulary of the students and make them aware of different terms. This activity encouraged the students to memorize different words and know their meanings.Holy Child School", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028527", "title": "Conference on paediatric gastro disorders", "text": "INDORE: Children constitute a majority of population that suffers from unique problems related to their age. They are also very vulnerable to gastrointestinal diseases. These issues were discussed at a conference organised on paediatric gastroenterology in the city on Sunday.Dr Abha Nagral, a Mumbai-based consultant gastroenterologist discussed about treatable liver disorders like metabolic disorders, Wilson's disease ands Budd-Chiari syndrome in children. She stressed the need for early diagnosis of these disorders and gave insights to effective management. Dr Ashley D'Cruz from Narayan Hrudayalay highlighted the indications and current status of liver transplantation in the country. Dr Ravindra Ramadwar discussed about the role of minimal access surgery. Dr Ajay Kumar Jain delivered a talk on the use of endoscopy in diagnosis and treatment of gastro disorders in children.Disorders in children are challenging to handle but newer modalities had made the job much more easier, doctors present on the occasion stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027493", "title": "Sachan case: Several key questions will remain unanswered", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI is likely to file a closure report in the designated court that deputy CMO YS Sachan was not killed, but he committed suicide. The agency has been probing the case since July last year and even forensic experts from AIIMS were roped in to go into the scientific reasons behind Sachan's mysterious death. But that yielded no new evidence.And it is probably because of this lack of any concrete proof that the CBI is likely to conclude that it was suicide, not murder. Sources said, for some time CBI was hoping to find someone in the NRHM scam who would spill the beans on the murders, but that came a cropper. Which is why CBI delayed closing the case, sources said.However, if it takes the suicide line, there will be several key questions that will be left unanswered. CBI will also find it difficult to refute the points raised by CJM Rajesh Upadhyaya in his judicial probe. The CJM submitted his 78-page report within 19 days and concluded that Sachan was killed. Eyewitnesses had claimed that Sachan was sitting on the commode, facing the cistern.The CJM report says: \"If anybody attempts suicide by hanging himself then the body should be found hanging and if the person wants to end his life by cutting the veins, then a point will come when the person will fall on the ground and writhe for a while. In my opinion, it is impossible for anyone to sit on a commode, slit the veins of his hands, legs and neck and die in the same position.\"It was found that the window in the toilet's wall where Sachan's body was found was 4.5 feet above the ground. At a distance of 3.5 feet, two blood stains measuring 6 cm and 12 cm were found. If Sachan died sitting on the commode, where did the stains on the wall come from? It is not possible for the victim to have done this. Chances are that the stains were made when someone tried to make it look like Sachan had died by hanging by knotting Sachan's belt around his neck and tying the other end to the window.During the inspection of the place, the official found that the wash basin inside the toilet was removed and kept outside the toilet. There were some 6-7 blood stains in the basin too. Where did these blood stains come from? Again, the toilet where Sachan died was not locked from inside, whereas in most suicides the victim locks the door. Sachan suffered nine injuries, eight of which were ante-mortem.The ninth injury was a ligature mark and a crucial piece of evidence. It establishes that Sachan's murder was being given the shape of a suicide. It also appears that someone hanged his body in the bathroom after his death. The logic that Sachan would have hanged himself and then slit his veins, as given by the jail officials, appears impractical to the investigating officer.He refuted the theory stating that the belt was only 4.5 feet long, too short for hanging considering the position in which Sachan was sitting. And then, there's the mystery of the constable. The day he died, Sachan was in jail hospital in the morning. A constable shouted from outside the room where Sachan was, \"Dr Sachan aapko remand par jana hai, taiyar ho jao.\" And after half an hour, either the same constable or someone else came and took Sachan away. Now, why did the constable say Sachan had to go somewhere when that was not the case? And Sachan was never seen alive after that.It will be difficult to wish away these facts that point clearly to murder, not suicide", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13027120", "title": "Traders push for octroi collection by civic body", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has urged the officiating commissioner of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to immediately implement the decision taken in the general body meeting (GBM) of the NMC regarding the cancellation of privatization of octroi recovery and commence the recovery by its own mechanism.A delegation of industrialists led by NIMA president Dhananjay Bele recently met the officiating commissioner of the NMC, P Velrasu, and city mayor Yatin Wagh and presented them with a memorandum of demands seeking immediate implementation of the cancellation of privatization of octroi recovery and commencement of recovery by the NMC.\"Nashik was the first municipal corporation which had privatized octroi recovery during the then ruling Shiv Sena-BJP alliance in NMC. But after continuous follow-up by all industry and trade associations in Nashik, the GBM of the NMC on April 13 unanimously passed a resolution to cancel privatization of octroi recovery. But, there is still no positive sign of taking action in this connection. Moreover, a proposal to cancel the resolution in this regard has been sent to the NMC commissioner P Velrasu. The NMC administration must respect the decision of the GBM and take measures to start the recovery of octroi by the administration,\" said NIMA president Dhananjay Bele.The memorandum presented by the NIMA delegation to city mayor Yatin Wagh and officiating NMC commissioner P Velrasu states, \"The privatization of octroi recovery had been cancelled recently by all political parties unanimously at the GBM. But, as per the local reports, a letter has been sent to the NMC commissioner, asking him whether the resolution on abolishment of privatization of octroi recovery can be discontinued or cancelled. In fact, all traders and industrialists are against octroi. A rigid tax like octroi is in force only in Maharashtra. As a result, many industries have been shifted to other states. At this juncture, the privatization of cotroi recovery is a major setback to industrialists, causing harassment to traders and industrialists. But taking positive action, all political parties had unanimously passed a resolution of cancellation of privatization of octroi recovery. Hence, the NMC administration must respect the decision of the GBM and take action in commencing the recovery by its mechanism.\"Two years back, the Shiv Sena-BJP ruling coalition in the NMC had brought into force privatization of octroi recovery. Since then, the traders and industrialists were protesting against the privatization of octroi recovery as they were being harassed at the octroi check-posts in the city.Taking advantage of the disappointment of trade and industry, the MNS, during the recent NMC elections, had assured of cancellation of octroi recovery if it came to power. As a result, this assurance had catapulted the MNS to the power in the NMC. Accordingly, MNS, at the GBM, cancelled the privatization of octroi recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028469", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation readies for another drive after poor show in past", "text": "INDORE: Illegal hoardings continue to haunt the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) as repeated drives in the past have failed to rid the city of illegal hoardings mainly on account of political pressure. Now, the IMC is once again gearing up for launching a drive against illegal hoardings from Monday. In the first phase of drive, the civic body will remove illegal hoardings from the Ring Road.The civic body is forced to take the action after the matter went to the high court. A few days back, Congress corporator Dilip Kaushal handed over a CD with a list of illegal hoardings to the IMC.According to the IMC first phase of survey, there are around 154 illegal hoardings on government land causing a revenue loss of Rs 1 crore per annum to the civic body. The first phase of survey covered only outer parts of the city like Ring Road and newly-developed areas. The survey of central and old parts of the city is in progress. Officials believe that after the completion of all phases of survey, the number of illegal hoardings will go up significantly and the revenue loss will also go up.IMC revenue in-charge Chandu Shinde said they are going to remove illegal hoardings from Monday. In first phase, illegal hoardings will be removed from the ring road. He said officials have been instructed not to buckle under any pressure and remove hoardings at all cost.Sources in the IMC said most of the illegal hoardings that had figured in the survey belong to the MiC members and supporters of BJP leaders and they have been earning lakhs of rupees from it. He said all earlier attempts to remove illegal hoardings had failed because of pressure from this section of influential people.IMC leader of opposition Abhay Verma allege that BJP leaders are behind all illegal hoardings. They have installed it on government land and earning lakhs of rupees per month.Asked to tell the name of hoardings' owner, Shinde kept mum saying that right now they can only share name of areas of illegal hoardings. \"We will take action against all. In the first phase, we will remove illegal hoardings on government land. In the second phase, we will remove illegal hoardings on private properties that have been installed without taking necessary permission,\" he stressed, adding that this time hoardings would not only be removed and the material would also seized. The drive, expected to continue for 15 days, will be recorded on video camera.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said they are chalking out a new policy for hoardings to ensure maximum revenue from it.Areas identifiedVijay Nagar, Bangali Sqare, Rajeev Gandhi Sqaure, Anpurna, Navlakha, Radisson Square, Khajarana, Bhamori Square, AB Road, Pipliyahana, Ring Road, Chanakyapuri Square, Bombay Hospital area, Asharambapu Square and Satyasai School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13034072", "title": "J&K; govt teachers to observe two-day strike from tomorrow", "text": "JAMMU: Government teachers in Jammu and Kashmir will observe a two-day strike beginning tomorrow to press for their demands for regularisation of their pay grade and promotion for under graduate trained teachers.\"We announce two days statewide strike on May 8 and 9 to press for the demands of regularisation of head masters, lecturers and other teaching staff in their own pay and grade and also overdue promotion of under graduate trained teachers in the state\", All Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh Teacher's Federation (AJKLTF) President Balwan Singh Jamwal told reporters here today.Flanked by Chief Spokesman of Joint Coordination Committee (JCC) of all J-K government employees Ram Kumar Sharma, Jamwal expressed concern over dilly-dallying tactics adopted by the state government to concede the genuine demands of the teaching fraternity.\"Inspite of repeated memorandums, government failed to promote the under graduate trained teachers working in the education department after 2004\", he said.Government should also fill all vacancies of teachers, senior teachers, masters, headmasters, lecturers, ZEOs and principals and provide cash in lieu benefits to teaching fraternity and removal of pay anomalies besides framing a transfer policy immediately, Jamwal said.While the teachers will take out a rally to protest over the attitude of government over their demands on May 8 in the winter capital, Jammu, it will gherao civil secretariat in Srinagar summer capital on May 9 to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026840", "title": "Online system to track malnourished children", "text": "JAIPUR: Malnourished children under five years in the state would be monitored closely by the medical, health and family welfare department though an online tracking system.The department has decided to take the help of anganwadi workers and auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM) to measure weights and heights of all children in the rural areas of the state to find out malnourishment by calculating parameters like underweight, stunting, wasting and mid upper arm circumference (MUAC).The figures collected by the ANMs and Anganwadi workers would then be fed on to the Pregnancy, Child Tracking and Health Services Management System.A department official said there would be three signals (lights) in the website. After feeding details (like weight and height) of a child, if he gets the green light, it means that he is completely healthy, if he gets yellow, he is close to being malnourished and if he gets red light, the child is malnourished and needs complete medical care.The official said all children who get the red light would be rushed to malnutrition treatment centres (MTC) in the state. \"There are 89 three-bedded and 35 six-bedded MTCs in 31 districts of the state. The MTCs have the facilities to treat children. Also, parents of the malnourished child also get some money daily during his stay at the MTCs. Such children in MTCs are given nutritious food so that their weight increases,\" the official said.Such an online tracking system to detect underweight and malnourished children is working in Gujarat.Recently, the Hungama (Hunger and Malnutrition) survey carried out in 112 districts in the country stated that more than 42% of children under five years are underweight. Out of the 112 districts, 10 districts are in Rajasthan.The 10 districts are Banswara, Baran, Jaisalmer, Jhalawar, Dholpur, Dungarpur, Barmer, Bharatpur, Karauli and Kota where severe underweight children are 25%, 13%, 11%, 20%, 18%, 29%, 18%, 21%, 18% and 13% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026214", "title": "Pune may lose JNNURM funds if water meters are not introduced", "text": "PUNE: As the elected representatives continue to sit on the proposal to introduce metered water supply for household consumers, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is likely to lose its share of funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) phase-II. The central government, in a recent communique, has stated that municipal corporations will have to prioritise water management and drinking water supply before they apply for central funds.Based on the condition that the cost of service and its recovery also should be equal under the JNNURM, the Union government had set up water meters for all consumers in the JNNURM cities.As the JNNURM phase-II could be launched in the next few months, the central government has asked the municipal corporations the status of water supply systems in cities and implementation of meter billing.The Centre has also insisted on public-private-partnership (PPP) for water management. \"There is a critical need for mainstreaming PPP in these sectors not only because it brings in much-needed capital but also because it brings about greater efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction. Given the fact that the total investment over the last 20-year period is approximately one-tenth of that required, PPP needs to be considered as one of the key strategies,\" states the government communique.The PMC administration has proposed involvement of private players to renovate the water supply system, but politicos are divided on this issue, and also they have held back the proposal for introducing metered water supply.The civic administration has repeatedly tried to introduce metered water billing system in the city, arguing that it will help them calculate water tax accurately. However, the PMC general body had scrapped it for domestic users in April 1, 2000, and instead has been billing users on a system based on the annual rateable value of their property. The commissioner said water meters should be made compulsory as per the reforms.Earlier this week, civic chief Mahesh Pathak said the city needs water meters and it should be compulsory as per the JNNURM reforms. He said once the GB approves the proposal, the civic administration would launch a pilot project in four parts of the city and then go ahead with the execution of the plan for the entire city.On April 30, the general body once again deferred the decision to introduce metered water supply for household consumers, even as municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak urged elected members not to further delay the initiative, which is pending since 2007. Earlier this month, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had asked mayor Vaishali Bankar and Pathak to initiate steps to introduce metered water supply for household consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032881", "title": "Shooting 'Dan Dan' took extensive 3 days of practise'", "text": "Nathalia Kaur, an Indian Brazilian model talks about her item song in DepartmentWhat is your experience of shooting Dan Dan item song in Department?I am very grateful to have worked with talents such as Ram Gopal Varma and Ganesh Acharya. Shooting the item song 'Dan Dan' in the upcoming flick Department was a lot of fun. The hardest part was dancing with 200 men around me. It took me three days of rehearsal, three hours with the teacher and six hours at home to master not only the dance steps but also to get into the character so I could do justice and enact the song in such a way that it sounded real. For my first project, this experience could not have been better!For someone who does not belong to India and is now making a foray in Bollywood films, what is your perspective on films made in India?I have always been amazed by Bollywood. It is a magical world created by actors transporting you to another world. Working in Bollywood has always been my priority and it feels like a dream come true.What is the kind of work you will do in the future?Next I will do a song in the telugu remake of 'Dabbang' called \"Gabbar Singh\" which has Pawan Kalyan playing the lead. I will also soon start shooting for an untitled Bollywood romantic thriller, where I play the lead opposite Rana Dagubatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kiran vihar", "code": "13029358", "title": "If volleyball keeps elders busy, kids find pedalling fun", "text": "KIRAN VIHAR: This bunch of fitness freaks, who are 15 to 69 years old, in Kiran Vihar knows how to spend a perfect Sunday. The 14 members of the group begin the day with volleyball and head to their favourite poori-chana outlet after sweating out at the court. And while the elders are busy with the sport, the kids go cycling.\"Most of us are old friends and we usually plan our Sundays to make them special. We start with volleyball at around 7am in the morning. We enjoy the sport rather than winning or losing a game,'' says Sanjay Goel, 42, an architect.The residents in the group include Vijay Gupta, 69, a retired army officer and the senior most player; property consultant Ranvir Punni, 49; steel trader Vikas Chib, 44, who is considered the best hand on the court; Gurjit Singh , 40, an LIC employee; builder Jagjit Singh , 41; Suresh Kumar , 34, who works with a private firm; Pradeep Kumar, 27, a caterer; Jagtar Singh, 33, a water management consultant; Amrinder Singh, 29, a student; Rajesh Mehta, 38, an electric switches manufacturer; Parminder 35, a businessman; Vikramjeet Singh, 34, employee at a private firm and Gurpreet Singh, 15, a student who is youngest and the most agile team member. \"We enjoyed the game and the breakfast of poori-chana and lassi that followed. These Sundays are such fun that we keep waiting for them throughout the week,'' said Chib.Gupta, the retired army man, said sports not only helps keeping fit, but is also a source for youngsters to utilize their energy rather than getting trapped in the vicious web of crime and drugs.The young cyclists too, joined the volleyball team for the breakfast. The youngest among them was two-year-old Khushi Khurana while the eldest cyclist was Sanchi Goel, 12. The other kids who went cycling were Puru, Sehej, Ridhi, Varan, Joy, Siya, Laksh and Vasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029252", "title": "Teachers, students learn epilepsy management", "text": "CHANDIGARH: School of Public Health, PGI, in association with National Rural Health Mission, NRHM Chandigarh, is organizing a series of workshops on \"First aid management of epilepsy\" for school teachers and students of the city from May 7 to May 10 at its premises. These workshops are part of the project \"Evaluating the impact of comprehensive epilepsy education programme for school teachers in Chandigarh city\" sponsored by NRHM. The project is led by principal investigator Dr Sonu Goel, School of Public Health PGI. The workshop and related activities are being dedicated to the golden jubilee celebration of the institute.The PGI faculty concerned with the project has developed a manual for school teachers and children on \"First Aid Management of Epilepsy in School Settings\" in Hindi and English languages, which will be distributed to them during the workshop.Keeping this in mind, the present workshop has been planned with an objective of enhancing knowledge and skills about epilepsy among school teachers and students. A teacher and student from randomly selected 100 schools of Chandigarh, will be trained in first aid management of epilepsy.Epilepsy affects nearly 50 million people worldwide. Epilepsy accounts for 1% of the global burden of disease; however, 80% of the burden of epilepsy is in the developing countries. Epilepsy is a grave social stigma in most societies. It also leads to increased risk of mortality and morbidity. In India, it has been reported that school teachers and students lack knowledge regarding the appropriate first aid action to be taken for epilepsy management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028946", "title": "Medical development programme", "text": "Modern medicine provides doctors today with enough study material and medical literature to stay abreast of procedures and developments in the medical field. However, busy schedules make it difficult for doctors to sift through the necessary knowledge-base and apply the knowledge practically.The world today recognises that patients cannot be treated as learning grounds for invasive procedures. Hence, skill simulation training becomes a necessity . Also, to ensure service excellence and meet patient expectations , medical professionals need to undergo a structured training in soft skills.In response to these needs, the Apollo Hospitals Group has developed a six-month Apollo Medical Development programme for its doctors. The programme covers knowledge based training covering medico legal issues, basic and advanced life support, infection control, pain management , etc, computer training and an online simulation training covering various medical procedures. Besides these, there is a soft skills training component which focuses on effective communication in crisis, anger management , SWOT analysis, handling patients and family with better listening, interpersonal and communication skills; how to deliver bad news, proper handovers , contributing on ward rounds and a wide variety of other situations where improved communication clarity may lead to improved results and outcomes.Doctors who opt for the programme will be given credits on completion of each module. Although introduced as a pilot programme, the management of the hospital hopes that it will become popular and will be increasingly opted for by doctors, both experienced as well as those at the beginning of their careers. According to the management of Apollo Hospitals, the skill augmentation will also be a fillip for career development of doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027533", "title": "Central govt rejects plea to de-recognise BArch students", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major victory for BArch students of Faculty of Architecture (FOA), affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University, the Central government has rejected the Council of Architecture (COA) plea for de-recognising the college. The students were all smiles on Sunday after they learnt about the decision.\"It's a big relief for all BArch students studying in the college. Finally, after series of protests, we have won the battle,'' said Mohd Nadeem, a final year BArch student, adding that the students faced a tough time fighting with the higher bodies for their future. Another student, Shashank Srivastava, said, \"We could not believe the decision till we saw the Central government's letter. We can now concentrate on our final semester examinations, and once we pass, we can get good jobs.''Students from other semesters also shared similar sentiments. Satisfied and extremely happy, a student said: \"It was a huge burden on our minds. Everyday the fear of not being registered by COA haunted us. Now, since Central government has given clear directions, we will be able to perform better.'' COA on July 23, 2007, August 9, 2007 and December 6, 2011, has sent representations to the Central government for withdrawing recognition of BArch degree being awarded to the students at FOA from academic session 2005-06 onwards.After going through the Council's recommendations, the Central government under Section 20 of the Architects Act, 1972, did not find any reason for de-recognising the college and hence rejected COA's plea. COA is the government regulatory body for registering architects. It had placed FOA under no admission category in 2005 citing irregularities such as shortage of teachers and lack of infrastructure. But, FOA ignored the COA decision and went ahead with the admission process.As a result, COA had stopped registering the students passing out from the college. The students feared that once they pass out, it would be difficult for them to get jobs as they would not be registered by COA.Speaking on the issue, acting principal, Faculty of Architecture, Jagbir Singh said, \"The Central government has clearly rejected the COA plea that had put our college under no admission category. Now, the Council is bound to register students passing out from our college.''But COA plans to take the matter to the court. COA Registrar Vinod Kumar said, \"We have received a letter about our plea being rejected. We will present the same in the court as the institution has filed a case against us. The final decision of the court will be implemented.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13027200", "title": "Engineer assaulted by gang at Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A senior engineer of the East-West Metro was assaulted by some goons on Saturday night. The assailants allegedly wanted to park their bikes inside the project site at Howrah Maidan. Trouble broke out after Debasish Ghosh Dastidar asked them not to park their vehicles within the protected site.On being resisted by Ghosh Dastidar, the three youths threatened him with dire consequences and left the spot. But that was not the end. About an hour later, they returned with some more people. Saturday night, a senior engineer of East-West Metro Debasish Ghosh Dastidar was assaulted by some goons, who apparently wanted to park their bikes inside the project site at Howrah Maidan on Saturday evening. The engineer asked them not to park their cars in the protected site. An altercation ensued. The youths threatened him with dire consequences.An hour later, three youth came back with some more people.They forced their way into entered the site and attacked Ghosh Dastidar. They hit him with plastic pipe lying there. Once the engineer collapsed to the ground, After Ghosh Dastidar fell down, they kicked him on the chest and stomach. Some of the labourers who rushed to his rescue were also not spared and roughed up.It was a One of the person at the site who called up Howrah police station. Immediately a patrol party arrived at the spot. Though they managed to round up one youth, the others fled the scene. came and picked up one youth. Others managed to flee.Ghosh Dastidar was taken to Howrah State General Hospital and released on Sunday . Dastidar was released after preliminary treatment on Sunday morning. Police are on the were in look out for the miscreants, said Amit Kumar Rathod, assistant commissioner (south).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13028041", "title": "Grit pays for four from Bokaro in UPSC exam", "text": "BOKARO: Four candidates from the city have cracked the UPSC civil services examination this year.Of the 12 candidates who have cracked UPSC this year from Jharkhand , four are from the Steel City. In 2011, too, four candidates passed UPSC from here. All the achievers belong to middle-class families and say that they have achieved success through hard work and dedication.Chandramohan Thakur, alumni of Bokaro Ispat Vidyalaya VI/A secured 36th rank in UPSC examination. While Neeraj Kumar was 155th, Awkash Kumar, a former student of DAV Public School, came 168th whereas Kishore Kaushal, a resident of Chas, has secured 204th rank. Awkash, Kaushal and Thakur had cracked UPSC last year also, but dissatisfied with their ranks, they decided to sit for the exam again, and got good ranks. The trio dreams of becoming IAS or IPS, but unfortunately their scores last year have left them with offers of lower grade. To make their dreams come true, they made the fourth attempt and came out in flying colours.Awkash and Thakur are mechanical engineers from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), BHU and Kanpur, respectively. Awkash is a resident of Sector-III/C of the city but presently he is residing in Kolkata where he was undergoing training of assistant commissioner in revenue service. In 2011, he secured 276th rank in UPSC. Before that, he has also worked at Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) as a junior manager.Awkash, the son of a tutor, Umesh Prasad Sinha, gave the entire credit of his success to his father. \"My father, being a private tutor, has struggled a lot to provide me with quality education and making me what I am today\".Thakur's house in Sector V/C wore a festive look with neighbours, relatives and friends descending in large numbers. His father Nageshwar Thakur is a retired BSL employee, and mother Sarita Devi is a housewife. Thakur last year secured 292 rank. He is presently at Nagpur under-going training as assistant commissioner in revenue services. Thakur said, \"People should have a long-term goal in their life. If you have a goal, plan it accordingly to achieve it. Don't take shortcuts. Always depend upon hard work rather than your intelligence as it will only make you achieve your goal\".Kaushal's family was also elated with his performance. He is the son of a teacher, Virender Prasad Burnwal, and has done his schooling from Government Middle School, Dhori. He is a graduate from Delhi University and pursued post graduate degree in Mass Communication from the Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC), Delhi. Later, he worked with a news agency and simultaneously prepared for the UPSC. In 2010, he cracked UPSC and is now undergoing training in Delhi.Neeraj, a resident of Bermo, left his highly-paid job in a multinational company to prepare for UPSC examination in 2010. He did his preparation staying with his family and achieved success. His father is a CCL employee. They all are happy with Neeraj and wish that he will become an honest officer. He cracked the examination in third attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028399", "title": "Timber merchant battered to death, valuables worth Rs 15 lakh robbed", "text": "INDORE: In a gruesome incident, five unidentified robbers allegedly battered a timber merchant to death using a cricket bat and injured his wife before fleeing with valuables worth Rs 15 lakh including jewelleries in a pre-dawn attack in Juni Indire locality here on Sunday.Police said that the incident took place at the residence of Jasveer Singh Chhabra, 50, a timber merchant, in Khatiwala Tank area adding that the entire operation seemed to be a planned one.Narrating the incident quoting the family members of Chhabra, police said that the accused entered the house at around 3.30 am, breaking open the grill of the window on the first floor. Once inside the house, the miscreants locked the room on the first floor, where Chhabra's son Ravneet and his daughter Gunisha were sleeping, from outside. Then they came down stairs armed with Ravneet's cricket bat kept over there.The miscreants reportedly opened the main door of the house from inside and moved a stationary car, which was parked there, outside the gate facilitating their smooth escape after the robbery. Then, they entered the room where Jasveer and his wife were sleeping. The accused allegedly attacked the couple with bat.The accused then tied their hands and legs to the bed and allegedly beat them standing on them.Police said that Saranjeet Kaur, wife of Chhabra, pleaded not to beat them and told them that all the valuables in the house would be handed over to them if they were left unharmed. The miscreants looted the entire jewelleries kept at the house besides the ones she was wearing. The accused then snatched the keys from her and opened all the almirahs looking for cash and gold. They kept all the jewelleries and cash collected from the house in a bag and escaped in a car waiting outside.Saranjeet Kaur managed to free herself and went outside where she noticed that the miscreants fleeing in a white car bearing registration number MP 09 2792. Then she went upstairs and informed her children about the incident. They informed neighbours and police.With the help of the neighbours, Chhabara, who was bleeding profusely, was rushed to a local hospital, where he was declared brought dead.Juni Indore police station in-charge TS Baghel said that four unidentified persons barged into the house, while the one was sitting in the car watching the surroundings and to escape with the accomplices without wasting time once the robbery was over. He said that family members lodged a complaint in which they stated that jewelleries worth Rs 10 lakh and Rs 5 lakh cash were looted from the house.Police have started a manhunt for the accused based on the information given by the wife of Chhabra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "rohtak/new delhi", "code": "13027891", "title": "16 trains cancelled after Rohtak rail accident", "text": "ROHTAK/NEW DELHI: Railways authorities on Sunday ordered a probe into the Rohtak accident by R K Kardam, commissioner, railway safety (northern circle) after eight coaches of the Ferozpur-Mumbai Mail derailed. Train services were hit on the route. At least 16 trains were cancelled, 27 others were diverted or terminated at various stations.Passengers were jolted out of their sleep and tossed on the floor when the bogies were thrown off-track between Sampla and Kharawar stations. \"There was a sudden thud and I was flung out of my berth. Suddenly there was panic. People were screaming and rushing out,\" said Ramesh Kumar, 50, a passenger. Kumar suffered injuries on his shoulder.As rescue operations began, the mangled bogies were detached and the train left for Delhi. It reached New Delhi station at 8am where senior railway officials and doctors attended to the passengers. Several injured passengers blamed railway authorities for the delay in providing treatment.Kamlesh Rani, 24, said railway officials refused to include her in the list of injured and she was denied free treatment. She had come to Rohtak to visit her mother and was returning to Mathura with her brother and one-year-old baby. \"It was horrifying when the coach suddenly overturned. I managed to hold on to my son and brother. We crawled out of the coach and walked towards the highway. We took lift on a tractor trolley and reached Rohtak. When I went to the PGI, Rohtak, and contacted railway officials and showed my ticket, they refused treatment. They said I was late,\" Rani said.Another passenger, Rajbala, claimed that she reached the hospital in an auto after wriggling out of the wreckage. \"I was travelling alone and lost my bag in which my ticket was kept. Now, the railways is refusing to recognize me as a passenger,\" she said.JP Singh, commercial officer, Northern Railways, expressed his inability to include their names in the injury list, citing lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13028511", "title": "Saligao celebrates feast sans power", "text": "CALANGUTE: Villagers in Saligao were an agitated lot on Sunday morning, the day of the annual feast of Mae de Deus, due to a breakdown in electricity power supply.Parts of the village experienced a black-out since 10pm on Saturday, while other areas blacked out during the early hours of Sunday. Power was restored by around 10.30am on Sunday. Electricity department junior engineer Panna told TOI that there was a major problem at the Tivim sub-station due to which the power had to be shutdown for a few hours. As a result many areas in coastal Bardez were affected. \"Power was restored by back-feeding from the Nagao station,\" he said, adding that power supply would normalize by Sunday evening.Joseph D'Souza, an agriculturist, was fuming. \"There has been a power failure problem for over a week. Constant power failures has affected us as I'm unable to pump water at the required times for the animals and plants. Today was the height, as the power failed on our feast day severely inconveniencing us,\" D'Souza told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13036785", "title": "Ram Kapoor-Sakshi Tanwar: Newfound encouragement", "text": "Television actors Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar have found encouragement to give their acts their best shots.Both actors won the Best Television Actor and Best Television Actress Dadasaheb Phalke awards respectively. The team of Bade Acche Lagte Hai had more reasons to celebrate.Producer Ektaa Kapoor won the Best Producer award. The team, we hear, is all set to up their acts and even the creative team of the show have begun to work with more vigour and excitement after the appreciation.It is being said that the show will look at the prospects of a 4-5 year leap in order to make the storyline more interesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027975", "title": "Nod for Kerala varsity\u2019s learner support centres", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The special syndicate of the Kerala University which met here on Wednesday decided to widen the network of the university's Institute of Distance Education (IDE).The syndicate gave an in-principle approval for launching learner support centres across the state. The university would hold discussions with teachers, students and employee organizations regarding the launch of learner support centres on May 9.The proposal for the learner support centres under the IDE was initiated by the previous syndicate during the LDF government. But the proposal had not taken off as it came up during the end of the term of the then syndicate. After the new team took over, it was included in the budget and Rs 1 crore was earmarked for the development of the IDE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13028921", "title": "Agricultural assistant attempts suicide", "text": "GONDIA: A 52-year-old agricultural assistant LS Gomase is battling for life in the Government Medical College and Hospital, Nagpur, hospital after his suicide attempt in which he purportedly consumed poison on Friday, failed. A native of Dawaki village, Gomase stayed in Deori along with his friend YD Ramteke's son.On the fateful day, both Gomase and his roommate left at around 8am for work. Ramteke's son had gone to Belargondi, a nearby village. When he returned at around 11am, he found the door of the house closed from inside. With a thought that Gomase might be sleeping, he left.Later in the evening as well, he found the door closed and did not get any response after repeatedly knocking it. Frightened by this, he called his friends who on entering the house from backside saw Gomase lying unconscious on the bed.Gomase was first rushed to Deori rural hospital and then referred to district hospital Bhandara. Later he was shifted to GMCH Nagpur where his condition continues to be critical. Doctors suggest that Gomase might have consumed poison.A suicide note has also been recovered from the room and as the cops have not revealed its content the exact cause of the suicide bid is still not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027078", "title": "Diving proves fatal for youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: An 18-year-old youth died under suspicious circumstances when he dived into a private swimming pool in Saidabad on Sunday. According to the Saidabad police, Balraj of Madhav Nagar in Karmanghat, was working with a private firm involved in ORR work in the city. At 1.45 pm, Balraj along with seven of his friends went for a swim at Jitta Surender Reddy Sports Club in Saidabad. \"While his friends were heading to the washroom, Balraj told them that he will take one last dive. As he did not surface even after a few minutes, his friends alerted the pool staff. They found him floating unconscious in the water after some time,\" Saidabad SI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13029386", "title": "Marathi celebs give MTDC a cold shoulder", "text": "MUMBAI: For more than four years now, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation led by veteran NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal has not been able to find a brand ambassador for the state.MTDC felt since it was approaching sons-of-the-soil for the cause of Maharashtra, they would accept the assignment without hesitation. It had in fact avoided several non-Marathi celebrities who were prepared to take up the assignment, without any remuneration, fearing their selection would attract criticism. A senior bureaucrat said after the bitter experience with the 'sons-of-the-soil', MTDC has now decided to rope in a leading non-Marathi star for the assignment.NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's selection of former minister Vijaysinh Mohite Patil for nomination to the state legislative council has come in for a great deal of criticism.Mohite Patil, who is in active politics for more than five decades, was badly mauled in the 2009 assembly polls from Pandharpur by an independent candidate. Under article 171(5) of the constitution, members nominated by the governor will be persons with special knowledge or practical experience in literature, science, art, cooperative movement and social service. So the ruling party is not expected to recommend the name of an active politician. Mohite's appointment is just a backdoor entry to the legislature for a defeated candidate. One should not be surprised if he is even inducted into the state cabinet.Of course Mohite Patil is not alone, most of the governor's nominees on the state legislative council are politicians from either the Congress or NCP. In the past, Maharashtra had a high tradition of nominating apolitical persons like veteran litterateur M D Mahanor, Ramdas Phutane and thinker M G Vaidya, to the council. Even the Congress nominated cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and actor Rekha to the Rajya Sabha.A senior NCP cabinet member said Mohite Patil's nomination appears to be due to political compulsions.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has again taken on deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, this time over the performance of the irrigation department. At a symposium on 'Maharashtra Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow', Chavan observed that while the irrigation department spent well over Rs 70,000 crore between 2001 and 2011, the increase in its irrigation potential has been a meagre 0.01%.The CM's caustic remarks caused a major embarrassment for the NCP, as the irrigation department is under its control since the Congress-NCP government came to power in 1999. Ajit Pawar was quick to reply, saying Chavan's home work was very poor so he was disclosing incorrect information. Chavan retorted that he had based his information on the economic survey presented to both the state legislature in March 2012.According to the survey, in 2001, 17.08% land was under irrigation, while in 2011, it increased to 17.09%.Since the electoral process for the zilla parishad and municipal corporations began last October, Chavan has been at loggerheads not only with Pawar, but also with NCP president Sharad Pawar for pressurizing his government to take certain decisions. If a former chief minister is to be believed, then these are all indications of contesting the 2014 polls independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027137", "title": "Karate kid displays skills before 'Hill Clintor'", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixteen-year-old Poonam Khatoon oozes confidence. \"I am a karate champion,\" she proudly announced before Hillary Clinton at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on Sunday afternoon and asked her whether she would like to watch her perform. Of course she did. The US secretary of state laughed and asked Poonam to show some of her skills.So Poonam asked the group of journalists travelling with Hillary to move back. Everyone laughed, admiring the self-confidence of the little karate girl. And she did not disappoint.Poonam is one of the many whom Delhi-based NGO Apne Aap has helped get educated. The NGO rescues women from traffickers and helps them and their family members start life afresh. Poonam's mother was one such victim to be rescued, said president and founder of the NGO Ruchira Gupta, who works in several regions of the country, including Kolkata and Bihar.The NGO helped Poonam take up studies and now she lives in a hostel close to her home in Simraha village of Araria district in Bihar's Forbesgunj. She studies in Class X and learns karate at school.\"I took two autographs from Hill Clintor,\" a proud Poonam tells everyone, not knowing the name of the former US first lady, adding: \"One for myself and the other for my sister.\"Before the performance, someone asked her if she was jittery. She laughed: \"Mein hamesha bindaas rehti hoon, no tension!\" (I am always cool, I don't get tense about anything).After the performance, Poonam said how she was inspired by Hillary: \"Men generally think women are useless. But look at her. She has so many bodyguards, and most of them are men. So many men running behind her!\"\"All men must think of women as important and that they are able to do important things,\" Poonam goes on. Asked if she has ever used her karate skills to nab someone beyond her practice sessions, she says gravely: \"My sir says one must be patient and not use karate skills unnecessarily. I will only use it when I have to. But yes, people around are certainly scared of me.\"Poonam lives with her parents, three brothers and four sisters. Education has made her an achiever already, she feels. \"Meri life badhiya chal rahi hai (my life is going on well). I have met (Bihar) chief minister Nitish Kumar and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi .\"She and her 19-year-old friend from Kidderpore, Uma Das - who is now Shabana Bibi after marriage - handed over to Hillary green bands with the slogan 'Cool Men Don't Buy Sex' written on it. Shabana - who has been trained by the NGO in videography - told Hillary that \"red light areas should all be closed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13030539", "title": "Google AdWords under CCI scanner in India: Sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: Competition watchdog CCI has asked its investigation arm to probe the alleged discriminatory practices by global search engine Google relating to its AdWords, sources said.The investigation, according to sources, was ordered after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) found \"prima facie evidence\" that Google has abused its dominant market position by being discriminatory in allotting keywords to matrimonial site Bharatmatrimony.com.\"We have asked the Director General (Investigations) to complete the probe and give a report on it within 60 days. Prima facie, we found evidence that suggests that Google did abuse its dominant market position,\" a senior official told reporters.When contacted a Google spokesperson said, \"We have not received any communication and therefore we are unable to comment on it\".In February, BharatMatrimony had filed a complaint against Google alleging that the multinational company has abused its dominance by engaging in discriminatory and retaliatory practices relating to AdWords.The AdWords programme, in which Google sells keywords to advertisers and displays them in the form of short ads online, is a big money spinner for the company.\"BharatMatrimony... requests that the Commission investigate Google's practices and impose remedial measures to protect competition,\" match-making portal had said in a statement.It added the \"increasing number of competition law complaints against Google globally suggests a pattern of anti- competitive conduct that needs to be checked in order to protect Indian businesses and consumers\".In 2011, the advertising segment comprised 96 per cent of Google's $38 billion revenue.BharatMatrimony is owned by Consim Info which has over 400 community portals and 15 regional portals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028206", "title": "Open garages crop up on broad city roads", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Mechanics and garage owners in city have found an easy but unlawful way to make a few bucks. They nowadays repair vehicles on roads instead of taking it to a garage.Huge portion of city roads are being used by mechanics for their works. And while doing so, they spill grease and oil on tar roads making them slippery and accident-prone especially for two-wheeler riders. Bus crew who repair their vehicles add to the woes.The blame for spoiling roads equally lies on motorists who park on either side of roads to get their vehicles repaired.City roads like the wide and beautifully laid Sarovaram Road have been transformed into a large open garage. Here tires are changed, vehicles water-washed and spares changed on the roads. Most often 5-10 vehicles can been seen parked on road for servicing. A few city-based garages have even appointed their representatives on the city roads to address the needs of bus crews who repair their buses.Sarovaram road, Mananchira, and NH Bypass near P T Usha Road are main 'on-road garage' spots. According to P P Manoj, a native of Kottooli, public ire has rising against bus crews who dump repair wastes such as damaged seats, seat covers and mats, on the road side making it difficult for pedestrians and motorists. Many city and short-distance buses in the district have made the four-lane road at Sarovaram their parking road thanks to its proximity to bus stands.Kozhikode corporation mayor A K Premajam said the civic body is aware of the issue but cannot do much as the roads are not owned by them. \"However, we have decided to call a meeting of traffic officials and road safety authority to discuss the issue,\" she said.Meanwhile, the bus crew have demanded the civic body to set up proper parking facilities for private buses. \"We are not allowed to park our vehicle inside the bus stand during intervals between the trips. It is also difficult to drive up to our own parking lots for these short periods as it is not economical,\" said A Mohammed, a city bus driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027631", "title": "One dies after being hit by Rajdhani Express near Hardoi railway station", "text": "LUCKNOW: One person was killed and five injured when they were hit by Guwahati-bound Rajdhani Express near Hardoi railway station on Sunday afternoon. The incident took place when some passengers on board Raj Rani Express train noticed smoke emanating from one of the coaches and jumped off the train to land on the adjacent tracks unaware that Rajdhani was approaching.Reports said that the incident took place when after noticing smoke, some passengers quickly opened the doors of the compartment to see what had happened. They got shocked to spot the wheels of their coach wrapped in flames. As the train had slowed down by then, some of the panic-struck passengers jumped off the coach to land on the adjacent track.Before they could get back to their feet, Rajdhani Express arrived on the tracks knocking them off. Though the driver of the Rajdhani train had reportedly slowed down the speed of the train still the impact was enough to throw the victims some 10 meters away.Both the trains stopped for around half an hour at the Hardoi railway station outers before the senior railway and government railway police (GRP) officials reached the site, got the tracks cleared and flagged off the trains for the onward journeys, GRP Hardoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034222", "title": "Chirag Vohra in Bhai Bhaiya Aur Brother?", "text": "Reports were abuzz with Muskaan Mihani, Sooraj Thapar and Vrajesh Hirjee being roped in for Deven Bhojani and Vipul Shah's joint venture 'Bhai, Bhaiya Aur Brother' on Sab TV.The latest news according to sources is that Chirag Vohra has been signed on to play the role of 'bhaiya'. Sooraj Thapar who was recently seen in 'Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat' will play the bhai's role and Vrijesh Hirjee will play brother.'Bhai Bhaiya Aur Brother' centers around Vohra's character bhaiya who is a family man residing in Mumbai with his wife and son. A serious and peace loving character, Vohra aka bhaiya will find it difficult to retain his sanity when his other two brothers come visiting.One cannot help wondering if this is by any chance the TV version of the film 'Om Jai Jagadish'?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026935", "title": "Fake pilots: Vital papers go missing from DGCA office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Sunday confirmed that several important documents pertaining to the investigations into commercial pilot licence (CPL) examination for co-pilots have gone missing from the DGCA office.They said no action could be initiated till the documents, allegedly forged marksheets, are given to them by DGCA.Sources said that among the documents missing are those belonging to two accused pilots Brahm Prakash and Saif Mirza.Earlier, papers related to another accused, co-pilot Gaurav Jain, who was then on the run, could not be traced. A source alleged that in one particular case, marksheet of one of the pilots had also gone missing from the DGCA office. \"We have written to DGCA to hand over the documents but to no avail. We have completed the probe and are ready to file a chargesheet in June first week. However, with these key files missing, there may be a delay in filing the chargesheet. We are even contemplating placing a report before the court in this regard,'' said a source.Police confirmed that the initial queries were meant for the director of training and licensing.\"However, when we did not receive a response, we approached the vigilance wing led by CVO Samir Sahay as the training and licensing wing said they were coordinating with the vigilance. We received a lot of co-operation from the vigilance wing,'' said a source.Senior officers though claimed there was still enough evidence to pursue the case even against the two accused.\"We can confirm that there are still some files missing. However, we are not worried and will file a chargesheet in due time. Since DGCA is itself the complainant, we have received support from them,\" said Ashok Chand, additional CP (crime) said.A source in the crime branch said they have also asked for documents relating to papers handled by three DGCA employees who cleared around 120 licences during their tenure.\"We are also looking into their bank accounts when they were in the licensing wing.\"Yet, unless we get the necessary papers, we do not have valid grounds to carry out more arrests or even oppose some bail applications,\" an officer said. DGCA officials could not be reached for comment on the missing files.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028307", "title": "Is your power bill inflated? Study finds out why", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Do you feel that your electricity bills sometimes don't exactly reflect the consumption and are inflated? When the girl students of MBICT at New Vallabh Vidyanagar near Anand took up the issue as a project, they came up with startling revelations like reflecting electricity loss, excessive voltages at night, external currents sneaking through end-users' premises, and fast running meters.Their study has proposed apparent energy-based tariff that will help save crores of rupees every year paid by the consumers. The team has already demonstrated 93% reduction in line losses in few street light feeders of Anand Municipality. To prove inflated bills, the team has taken permission from the municipal authorities to lay separate lines for the street lights and compare the results before and after change.MBICT is affiliated to Gujarat Technological University (GTU). Talking about the project, Dr Vithal Kamat, principal of MBICT and co-chairman of GTU VV Nagar Sankul, said that the phenomenon could be traced back to use of Ferraris meter using a circular disc to count the electricity consumption.\"These meters have now been replaced with electronic ones. Soon after its introduction, consumers started complaint that their bills have raised overnight. The companies pacified them by saying that the old meters were slow. It was not the case. The manufacturers were asked to incorporate two current sensors - one in each of the two wires feeding the consumer premise as opposed to single sensor earlier. If additional current is injected through the neutral circuit, the meter will show higher consumption,\" said Kamat.From where does this additional current originate? According to the study, one of the major sources is street lighting feeder. In order to avoid running a separate neutral wire for street lighting, utilities have resorted to sinking the current through the earth. This current could flow out through the consumer earth back to the neutral causing the meter to run faster. Continuous current flow also damages the earth posing a threat to human lives.Kamat said that the idea has already been given to senior authorities of Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd (GUVNL) and the chief minister's office. \"After successfully trying it out at micro level, we will now show the model system with the help of Anand municipality with a joint project with laying of new earthing system that will not generate the additional current. The proposal has already been sent to authorities concerned,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13026682", "title": "Girl gang-raped for three months in Dholpur", "text": "ALWAR: A 20-year-old girl was kidnapped from Madhya Pradesh's Gwalior district two months ago and gangraped by three men for over two months in Dholpur. When the girl developed ilness, she was handed over to a quack who also allegedly raped her for several days. On Saturday, the girl somehow managed to escape from the house of the quack and approached police. After she narrated her horror of torture she went through, the case was handed over to the anti-human traffic cell of the local police.The case has once again brought to fore rampant kidnappings or trafficking of girls from nearby states for sexual exploitation in Dholpur. Officials said that at least half a dozen girls have been rescued over the past 20 days from the human trafficking gangs operating in the area.According to senior police officers, the girl, whose identity was withheld, was kidnapped when she was waiting for a bus at Gwalior. \"Three people approached her in an SUV and offered her a lift to Morena,\" said a police officer.The three men, identified by the girl as Udaybhan Gujjar, Bahadur Singh Gujjar and Shabu, took her to Kanchanpura forests instead of Morena.\"The girl says that the three men kept her hostage for two months and repeatedly raped her. She fell sick following which they took her to a quack, identified as Mahaveer Singh. The girl alleged that he too kept her for over 8 days in his house and raped her,\" said the officer.The medical examination of the girl confirmed rape. \"The case has been handed over to the anti-human trafficking cell,\" said the officer.SP, Dholpur, Harendra Mahawar told TOI that the police are trying to bust a gang involved in trafficking of at least 15 girls recently. \"These girls were bought from poor families in UP and MP and then brought to Dholpur where they were sexually exploited,\" said the officer.The in-charge of anti-human trafficking cell Sitaram Meena said that special teams have rescued six women from Maniya police station area alone since March 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034264", "title": "'Rekha and Sachin will motivate Parliamentarians to behave\u2019", "text": "Pt Shivkumar Sharma waxes eloquent on his aim, awards and amusementSantoor maestro Pt Shivkumar Sharma, who has given recognition to santoor worldwide, is ready to walk down the memory lane. Ask him what's the biggest treasure he has acquired other than name, fame and mastery in music in all these decades? \"The biggest treasure has been my self-realisation. While other instruments have existed for more than six generations, I was the chosen one to make santoor a household name. After a concert, when people tell me that it was an exceptional rendition, I know for sure that it wasn't me, but someone else playing through me,\" says he.Towards a causeShivji's not content, dwelling on this self-realisation alone. He has taken it upon himself to spread this divine message across. He confesses: \"The problems that the world is facing are all because of this disconnect people have with their inner spiritual selves. My aim in life is to bring people closer to their spiritual being. Music for me, is beyond entertainment. Through it I try to usher in spirituality to people's lives. If every businessman, journalist, artiste and a common man incorporates this mantra, all ills will disappear from the world and it will become a beautiful place!\"Of Rekha's dignitySpeaking of beauty, Rekha, whose cult film Silsila's music was composed by Shivji, is going to become a Rajya Sabha member now. Does he think the Parliamentarians will be able to see beyond diva's glamour? Without a moment's hesitation, the maestro replies: \"Whatever Rekha ji does, she does with great passion and dignity so that aspect will shine through when she's in the Rajya Sabha.\"Sachin's fanAnd what's his take on Sachin Tendulkar as a Parliamentarian? Pt ji, who's known to be a great fan of Tendulkar, says: \"Sachin's an example of humility. Any other person in his place would have gone mad, literally. But he has his feet firmly planted on earth and his head on his shoulders. I honestly feel that the presence of Rekha and Sachin will motivate the Parliamentarians to behave! Being a hardcore, optimist, I strongly feel they will be positive influence on unruly elements!\"'Nothing irritates me'His feelings for Sachin are understandable, but does he get irritated when articles are written about his own hairstyle as well that of Sachin and Zakir Hussain's? He says with a laugh: \"Nothing irritates me and few things amuse me. In fact, I'm asked at times at the airports, if I'm Zakir Hussain . I calmly reply; 'No, I'm his uncle!' So, you learn to take things, easy!\"Bharat Ratna for PhalkeShivji doesn't dither when asked a difficult question. Ask him if youngsters deserve Bharat Ratna more than Dada Saheb Phalke and pat comes the reply: \"The man, in whose name a great award has been instituted, hasn't got a Bharat Ratna yet! He deserves it for sure! After all, he was the pioneer who gave us this film industry!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13027230", "title": "2 held for bank fraud forced to sell assets to benamis of cops", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In yet another instance of police trying to settle civic disputes themselves, two bank officials who were allegedly involved in a fraud were illegally detained by cops for over 45 days and later forced to sell their properties to the benamis of district police officials so that they can escape from harsh jail term.Under pressure from the police higher-ups, the duo is believed to have sold at least five assets worth nearly Rs 4.5 crore at cheap rates to the benamis. A sub-divisional police officer and an inspector were actively involved in the settlement, while some field staff also became richer.Manager Amarnatha Reddy and cashier Muralikrishna allegedly siphoned off Rs 1.07 crore from Krishna District Cooperative Central Bank (KDCCB) G Kondur branch in Mylavaram constituency some time back. The incident came to light in the first week of March when some depositors lodged a complaint with the bank authorities.After verifying the internal records, the bank management admitted that Amarnatha Reddy and Muralikrishna had swindled the funds deposited by the farmers without entering them in the bank records. Subsequently, the bank management disbursed the amounts to the depositors and lodged a complaint with the local police.Police arrested Amarnatha and Muralikrishna from their residences on March 15 and started interrogation. During the interrogation, they found that the accused owned assets at various places. The police officials, forced the duo to sell their properties to repay the amount swindled from the bank. A police official promised them that they would see to it that the duo would not face harsh jail term if they repay the entire amount by selling their assets.While three properties were reportedly purchased by the benamis of the inspector heading the investigation, the other two were picked up by outsiders known to the sub-divisional police officer. The accused bank officials sold a three-bedroom flat and a two-bedroom flat at Devinagar to the relatives of the inspector. Agriculture land of one acre at G Kondur and 1.10 acres at GN Palem was bought by the benamis of police officials at low price.Though there is a provision to attach the properties of the accused in the economic offense cases after securing the permission of the state government and selling them in the open auction , police did not sought permission from the government nor produced the accused in the court after 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028533", "title": "Major fire at dal mill in Shankar Nagar", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major incident, fire broke out at a dal mill in Shankar Nagar locality of the old city late on Saturday. More than a dozen of fire tenders were rushed to the spot and took around four hours to bring the situation under control. Prima facie short circuit was ascertained as the probable cause of the incident. Goods worth around a crore of rupees were claimed to be gutted in the blaze. There were no reports of anyone getting injured in the incident.According to the firemen, VM Dal Mill caught fire during the night. However, the incident came to fore only in the morning when the raging inferno started coming out from the building. Subsequently, the security guard deputed on the campus informed the police control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027331", "title": "Lokayukta summons to Nalgonda collector", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Nalgonda district collector has been issued summons to appear in person by Lokayukta S Ananda Reddy and submit a report on the complaint regarding alleged encroachment of land in Huzurnagar by three journalists. The collector has also been asked to explain why the earlier orders of the Lokayukta in the case were not complied with.The office of the Lokayukta, in a press note, informed that Chandrasekhar Madiga, a resident of Huzurnagar in Nalgonda district, had filed a complaint alleging that three journalists, Pothuganti Venkateswarlu, Sesham Raju and Kistapaati Venkata Reddy, had created bogus pattas and encroached on the land in survey number 321/1 of Huzurnagar claiming that the government had allotted it to them.\"Though the matter was brought to the notice of revenue officials, so far they have not taken any action in the matter. Hence, the complainant approached the Lokayukta. However, one N Seshagiri Rao obtained an injunction order from the court with regard to the same piece of land. In fact, in 2002 itself, the government had allotted the land in favour of tribals K Lakshmamma, Chinna Saida and Maasetti Lakshmamma in D.R. No.B/2168 and 286,\" a press release from the Lokayukta stated.The Lokayukta had earlier directed the district collector to submit a report by November 24, 2011, and later issued a reminder on February 16, 2012.As there was no response for the above two reminders, it asked the collector to appear in person on August 6 and submit his report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13027856", "title": "3D film takes on age-old bias", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is one of the first 3D film to be made in a regional language. And, soon we shall be able to see it in Gujarati. Ai Mala Maru Nakko (Mother don't kill me) is one a kind film which is already making waves in Maharashtra. Within a month the film shall be available in Gujarati and Hindi.The man behind this unique effort is Nanji Thakkar who is better known as Nanji Thanawala. Nanji who hails from Kutch had shifted to Mumbai when he was just 12 years of age. He began in a modest fashion but soon scaled dizzy heights. Today, when he has touched 70, Nanji is a successful builder in Mumbai.While his business is now being managed by his sons, Nanji has taken up a new mission - philanthropy. He has set up no less than 300 schools across the country run by his Jai Bhagwan Trust. The rule common to all these educational institutes is that the students are not charged any fee and neither is any donation accepted. Nanji's philosophy is to fund his philanthropy from his own pocket.His work against social evils like female foeticide has also earned him quite a name. Recently, the fame drew Marathi film producer Avinash Jadav along with a writer-cum-editor to approach him for producing a film based on female foeticide. \"I was quite moved by the script. What actually shocked me was the data that they had with them. During the last 10 years in Maharashtra alone, 4.7 lakh girls have been killed in the womb. In Gujarat too the evil is as strong with some 5 lakh female foetuses are being murdered in the same period. In India nothing less than 80 lakh girls did not see the light of day,\" said Nanji.When the film was released in Maharashtra, it earned good public response. This gave Nanji the idea to get the film dubbed in Hindi and Gujarati. Within a month the dubbing work will be over. \"In June I expect the film to be released in Gujarat,\" said Nanji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032582", "title": "Veena Malik mobbed", "text": "Actress Veena Malik, who has been roped in to play the lead in Navin Bhatra's Supermodel, was mobbed in Fiji where she was shooting.The girl, who recently met Fiji's Attorney General Aiyaz Sayed Khaiyum, seems to have become a known face in the island nation. For several people queued up to meet the controversy queen , click photos with her and get autographs signed. A thrilled Veena obliged their requests.\"We've now made arrangements to keep fans out of the sets,\" says a production hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026391", "title": "Woman throttles husband to death in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Warje Malwadi police on Sunday arrested a 30-year-old woman for allegedly throttling her drunk husband to death on Friday night. The woman has confessed that she killed her husband as he was trying to strangulate her first.The woman, Sushmadevi Shivprasad, of Gosavi Vasti in Karvenagar, took her husband, Hiraprasad (35), to a private hospital on Saturday morning, claiming that he had fallen from the bed and lost consciousness.However, when the police questioned the couple's 14-year-old daughter on Saturday afternoon, she revealed that her parents had fought the previous night and that her mother had throttled Hiraprasad to death. The post-mortem report also stated that the death was not accidental.The police said Hiraprasad worked as a labourer with a fabricator while Sushmadevi was working in a dining mess at Karvenagar. The family had come to Pune from Patna around six months back. Investigations have revealed that Hiraprasad, who was an alcoholic, used to routinely thrash his wife.Inspector P N Solankar of the Warje Malwadi police station said that Sushmadevi initially told them at Sassoon hospital that Hiraprasad had fallen from the bed around 5.30 am on Saturday. She said that she and her brother took him to a private hospital on Karve road a couple of hours later. The hospital authorities told them to take Hiraprasad to Sassoon hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.The truth was revealed by the 14-year-old daughter, who told the police that Hiraprasad had come home drunk on Friday night, used abusive language and assaulted Sushmadevi. The girl said that when their father tried to strangulate their mother, she and her older sister intervened. However, their father thrashed them. In the meantime, Sushmadevi throttled Hiraprasad to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13027824", "title": "State board gives kids with learning disability the cold shoulder", "text": "BHOPAL: Is your child's reading and writing abilities akin to Ishaan Awasthi in Taare Zameen Par? While central boards like the CBSE and the ICSE and some state boards have provisions for such children with learning disabilities, the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education ruefully does not.According to the Indian Academy of Paediatrics, around 5 to 15% of school children have SpLD (specific learning disabilities), with dyslexia (difficulty in reading, spelling, speaking and listening skills) being the most common at 2-18% followed by dysgraphia (difficulty in writing skills) at 14% and dyscalculia (difficulty in mathematical abilities) at 5.5%.\"SpLD is a major cause of poor school performance. The child fails to achieve school grades commensurating with his intelligence because of these learning disabilites. Ironically, the state board does not recognize the problem unlike the CBSE, ICSE and state boards of Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka,\" said Dr Jagmeet Kaur Chawla of Aadhar which is an authorized certification authority for learning-disabled students for CBSE and a child welfare organization.\"The disabilities are developmental disorders with idiopathic (unknown) causes. They are caused mostly by imbalance in neural arrangements and are hereditary in origin as well,\" said Dr Rahul Sharma , clinical psychologist, department of psychiatry, Gandhi Medical College.\"Often parents of such children come and say, 'Sahab usko to Taare Zameen Par ho gaya hai' ('My child is suffering from Taare Zameen Par syndrome'). Parents and teachers fail to understand the child and label him as mentally retarded. There is a need for clinical assessment and psychological intervention coupled with counselling of such parents and teachers to increase awareness,\" Dr Sharma said.A year and a half back, Aadhar had even written to the chief secretary and the school education department for introducing provisions in the state board. The letter stated, \"...It is unfortunate that in Madhya Pradesh school education gives provisions only to blind, person with spastic cerebral palsy and persons who are physically handicapped.\"\"We ran from pillar to post so that this could be included in MPBSE. But we were only directed from the Directorate of Public Instructions (DPI) to Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) to Board Office without any conclusion. Finally we conceded defeat,\" said Dr Preeti Mathur, behavioral psychologist at Aadhar.Chairman of the board MK Rai said, \"There are provisions for disabled children in the state board but I am unaware of the details.\"What can be done?Online orientation courses for parents/teachers like Rehabilitation Council of India (RCI), orientation programs with joint venture of Composite Rehabilitation Centre (CRC) medical colleges in different schools, creation of parents' associations and early intervention would go a long way in integrating the child into the mainstream, feel psychologists.Provisions by CBSE/ICSE for an LD child25% extra time for each question paperSpelling errors of child overlookedMarks are given as long content is clearQuick oral exam after main exam (for Std I-VIII)For students with reading comprehension, a teacher to help with reading out of the questionFor students with dysgraphia, a writer/scribe to write the paperSeparate objective paper (for Std I-VIII)For dyslexic students, exemption from second and third language (for Std I-XII)For left-right confusion, wrong directions in maps to be condonedFor child with dyscalculia, allowing calculators/other provisions or dropping MathsUse of computers for all exams (for ICSE board, Std I-XII)Famous Dyslexic PeoplePablo PicassoLeonardo da VinciThomas EdisonAlbert EinsteinWalt DisneyBill GatesWhoopi GoldbergTommy Hilfiger", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "13027073", "title": "Tirumala chief priest in a row over private blessing", "text": "TIRUMALA: Chief priest A V Ramana Deekshitulu landed himself in a fresh controversy when he went to meet a top industrialist's son at a private guest house here on Sunday. Deekshitulu was closeted with industrialist's son for a brief while in the evening to bless him.When cameramen tried to approach him, the chief priest sped away in his car from the guest house. While Deekshitulu was unavailable for his comments, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) refused to be drawn into the controversy. But this was not the first time that the chief priest had courted controversies. He was served a memo by the TTD authorities for conducting special rituals in violation of temple norms for a top industrialist at a guest house atop the hill on April 10, 2010.\"Deekshitulu is often seen rubbing shoulders with industrialists, business magnates, film stars and celebrities. As one who stands closest to the Moola Virat inside the sanctum sanctorum, he should only be at the service of the Lord,\" points out seer Kamalananda Bharati Swamy.In fact, the temple rules forbid priests from officiating at any private functions. They have to be at the service of the Lord and observe temple rituals and customs in accordance with Agama sastra principles. \"The chief priest should confine himself to the sanctum sanctorum and perform Nitya Kainkaryams (sevas) and rituals for the Lord,\" a temple priest not wanting to be named said.Narendra of the Tirumala temple protection samithi pointed out that Deekshitulu had performed Sudarshana homam in Tirumala for late CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy and his son Jagan in 2009. \"He even made trips to Pulivendula and Hyderabad to perform rituals for YSR,\" he revealed.It remains to be seen as to what action TTD would initiate against the chief priest, Hindu Dharma Prachara activists said Deekshitulu should be shown the door for violating the temple rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026804", "title": "Beautification plan still to take off", "text": "MUMBAI: The plans to beautify Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) and lend to it other attractions are yet to take off. The business hub is still waiting for the promised street furniture, which was supposed to give it a distinctive look, and an international convention centre.Over the years, BKC has become the preferred address of many business groups. Reportedly, around a lakh people working for a slew of government bodies, banks as well as multinational and Indian corporate houses pour into the area every day. Some business houses are now considering building housing for their staff in BKC, which also houses foreign consulates and two schools.MMRDA officials say that plans are still being worked out for a convention centre on 7.5 hectares of land in BKC. The plot was bought by Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) in 2006, but the convention centre project did not take off after Anil Ambani's Reliance Communications &amp; Infrastructure Ltd (RCIL) moved the Bombay high court. RCIL objected to the MMRDA granting additional built-up area to RIL after the completion of the bidding process.MMRDA officials insist that many delayed plans will be launched in BKC in the coming months, including one to beautify the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027294", "title": "Delayed harvest raises mango prices this season", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is first week of May and the mango season is still not in full bloom. Hyderabadis are yet to relish the fruit as mango arrivals to the markets have not picked up. The short supply has sent retail prices spiraling, making the king of fruits out of reach for many.According to officials of Agricultural Marketing Committee Gadianaram (Kothapet fruit market), mango arrivals are much lower this year compared to last year. Seventy percent of the fruit that arrives in the fruit market comprises the commonly consumed Banganpalli which is also called Benishan. Remaining arrivals largely include Totapari, Rasal, Himayat and the boxed Alphonso from Maharashtra. On Saturday the market received around 2,758 tonnes of fruit while the average arrivals per day during this time last year had exceeded 3000 tonnes.A fruit commission agent from the market said that year on year, a difference of at least 30 percent in arrivals is expected in the market. \"This time the arrivals at the fruit market are reduced due to the decrease in production in Krishna district. Untimely rains during the months of December and January in Nuzvid and surrounding areas affected the yield,\" he explained. He also said that the government's firmness to clamp down on traders using carbide for artificial ripening has further affected arrivals. According to him normally 60 percent of the fruit that arrives in the market is exported to other parts of the country. But given the restrictions imposed on the use of carbide, farmers and middle men in the districts are directly sending their crop to retailers outside the state further decreasing arrivals.While the short supply has affected farmers and wholesalers, the retailers are making profits as prices have become exorbitant. Banganpalli is selling for Rs 60 per kilo which is Rs 20 higher than the peak season prices of last year. While Himayat is selling for Rs 150 a kilo which is Rs 80 more than the wholesale price at the Kothapet fruit market, Alphonso prices per dozen have touched the Rs 500 mark!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029391", "title": "Of pe-pa-po and virtual volleyball", "text": "The number of youngsters going on trips with friends has gone up in recent years. Some go on excursions with adventure or trekking groups, many colleges organize industrial visits for their students and some are just on pleasure trips with their friends to fend off the pressure which they endured during the academic session.The youngsters have their special sets of games to be played during their train or bus journey. \"These trips and games allow us to let our hair down and enjoy. They help us turn what could be an otherwise mundane bus or train travels into something fun and worth looking forward to,\" said Priyanka Palkar, an engineering student.The most popular games during travelling are invariably the all-time classic 'antakshari' and 'playing cards'. Sometimes 'antakshari' go on for several hours at a stretch and card sessions run late into the night.Said Darshan Patil, a final year student, \"Apart from cards played into late nights and long sessions of song singing, we have another game for which we don't have a name. A person's name is uttered and everybody in the group says something about him, preferably something good or funny. This is done for every one by rotation.\"\"There are other games like virtual volleyball which is quite different from the others. Players are split into two teams. We have to pass the virtual ball by calling out names of players. The games are governed by rules too. There is lot of shouting, and it is great fun,\" said Neha Supner, an MBA student.Priyanka adds that they play games in which they share their first impressions of their friends and also make confessions. \"There are the funny games like pe-pa-po in which if I say pe and pa and the next person utters a word, then he or she is out. Also, the multiples of three or five game in which when your turn comes to say a number and if it is a multiple of three or five you should only clap,\" she said.Most of these games cannot be played while on trips with families and are not as much fun, say the youngsters. According to them, these sessions are also a way in which interaction increases and the foundations of new relationships are made and the existing ones get stronger.\"Many times we play a game in which we see how similar is the thought processes of two friends. Everybody in the group observes a stranger in travelling with us and then we list the things we like about that person. The people who have more common traits which they like are then said to be better friends,\" said Avanika Gupta, a BA student.Prasad Mohutkar, another engineering student, enjoys games like 'chidya udd' and 'akkad bakkad' on journeys. \"These games sound silly, but when people start playing it, they start easing up due to the silliness of the game and the mood brightens up. There is a lot of joking and leg pulling which happens, ultimately leading to a laugh riot,\" he said.He further added that though the trips in themselves were memories for a lifetime, these little moments of joy and frankness were the ones which get etched into the minds. \"These games are like salt in the food without which the real fun of the trips is not there,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026924", "title": "Dwayne Smith's heroics earns two-wicket win for Mumbai over Chennai", "text": "MUMBAI: Dwayne Smith, who hit the winning runs against Chennai, will remember this day for a long time. Mumbai have won from the jaws of defeat earlier in the tournament, thanks to Rohit Sharma's heroics.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsThe hosts won a last-ball humdinger again on Sunday, after Smith smote two fours and a six in the final over to beat defending champions Chennai by two wickets.It was a day when Mumbai turned up to do their best, made sensible choices and consequently ended up on the winning side. The only time the hosts seemed to fumble was after the toss when skipper Harbhajan Singh was caught in a Hamletian dilemma - whether to bowl or bat first on a tricky Wankhede wicket.He went by gut feeling, and his decision to bowl and replace Pragyan Ojha with RP Singh proved a smart move. The UP seamer not only returned measly figures of 4-0-28-3, but also effected the early run out of Faf du Plessis, got the all-important wicket of Murali Vijay (41) and pulled off a sensational catch to dismiss the buccaneering Suresh Raina. Playing like a well-oiled machine, Mumbai then rode on Sachin Tendulkar (74) and Rohit Sharma's (60) knocks to thwart Chennai's plans of a remarkable heist.In a way, the day belonged to the underperformers. Both Tendulkar and Sharma, who were due for big knocks, entertained a sold-out Wankhede to some quality hitting. The two added 126 runs for the second wicket to hurtle down a daunting target of 174 with immaculate ease. Losing James Franklin early was Mumbai's only stutter. But with two stars from the city in full flow, there was hardly any bother.Tendulkar, who seemed to be in a bludgeoning mood, tore into Albie Morkel. He smote a six and a four off consecutive balls to bring up his fifty in the 11th over. But more than playing his shots, it was his quick chats with Rohit in between overs that showed the master blaster's dual role of a mentor-cum-batsman. He kept on egging Rohit, but also cautioned against uncontrolled aggression.Earlier, a rather sedate start to their innings left the scattered Chennai fans wondering when the visitors would take off. Faf du Plessis was surprisingly meek but his partner soon donned the tormentor's role. After a few hits and misses and a beauty of a delivery from RP that almost clipped his middle stump, Murali Vijay retaliated.The Chennai opener vent his spleen on Munaf Patel's second over when he tonked the latter for three sixes and a four, scoring 24 runs at breakneck speed. He looked the least troubled as he smote one off the front foot that rocketed over Munaf's head for the maximum. Vijay's best, of course, was when he sent the Mumbai seamer sailing over midwicket to clatter the billboards, millimetres below the hosts' corporate boxes. But a terrible 'yes-no' pulled the curtains on a potentially destructive opening stand. Vijay called for a single after prodding Malinga towards leg.Du Plessis was midway down when he pulled back. The misunderstanding hurt further when RP Singh rattled Vijay's woodwork in the next over. But a 62-run third-wicket partnership between Dwayne Bravo (40) and Suresh Raina (36) put Chennai back in control.Bravo was special in his display of commonsense over valour. He rarely went aerial, threading his shots between fielders to reach the fence. The run rate that was slowly sagging picked up once again. Once the two departed, Dhoni's whirlwind 15-ball 25 placed the visitors to a comfortable 173 for 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13033935", "title": "Good wide roads are perfect recipe for robberies", "text": "NAGPUR: The Orange city of central India has been fraught with a spate of incidents of robberies, chain-snatching and bag-lifting in the last few years.The senior police officials, basing their opinion on statistics, claimed that the areas with broader carriageways and pot-hole free stretches are more prone to such street crimes as robberies as the miscreants find it easier to speed away with their loot from these places without much chance of being caught.Helping the citizens to enjoy bump-free rides, these stretches are hunting ground for robbers on the prowl whose prime targets are two-wheeler riders. With the growth of the city, the graph of the street crimes is also on the rise with particularly the cases of chain-snatching, robberies and bag-lifting occupying the area of prime concern for the police department.There had been 172 cases of chain-snatching and another 143 robberies in 2011 in city. In 2010, there were 179 chain-snatching incidents reported before the police apart from 131 cases of robberies. A section of the cops attributed the rise of the street crimes in the western part of the city to its good roads.The areas in Ambazari like Ram Nagar, Ravi Nagar, Daga lay-out, Abhyankar Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Hill top and such places, which have comparatively better roads, are affected with chain-snatching and robberies. The latest incident of chain-snatching took place at Shivaji Nagar, also in Ambazari, on Sunday night when the robbers looted a couple.Around 65 cases of chain-snatchings have taken place in these areas of Ambazari in the last three years. In addition, there had been around 5 cases of bag-lifting in these areas. Apart from Ambazari, areas of Rana Pratap Nagar, Dhantoli and Sitabuldi police stations too are afflicted with the chain-snatching. In Sitabuldi areas, around 50 cases of chain-snatching and another 55 bag-lifting cases have taken place since 2009. Interestingly, several of these cases of robberies have taken place in front of the offices of senior police officials including the commissioner of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13027117", "title": "Octroi issue: Nashik Municipal Corporation chief writes to EC", "text": "NASHIK: With less than 15 days remaining for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to take charge of octroi collection and the code of conduct for legislative council elections lasting till May 25, the NMC has asked for permission from the election commission for outsourcing some octroi-related services.As per the decision taken by the general body of the NMC on April 13 that octroi would be collected by the NMC, the administration had begun shortlisting staff for the same. Realizing the need for more staff, it was decided that some services would be outsourced, since the procedure for recruiting people would take some time and the NMC has to take charge on May 19. According to a government resolution, the NMC cannot employ people on contract. The existing contract of the private agency cannot be extended as per the law.And now with the code of conduct being imposed for the elections for the municipal council scheduled on May 25, the administration has found its hands tied. Officiating municipal commissioner and district collector, P Velrasu, said \"We asked for permission to outsource services through a letter to the election commission (EC). Security, labour, driving and computer operation services will be outsourced if permission is granted by the EC.\" Group leader of Shiv Sena , Sudhakar Badgujar objecting to this move by the municipal commissioner said, \"It seems that the move is directed towards privatisation of octroi collection.\"He said that the municipal commissioner had the right to employ people through outsourcing but he would have to seek permission from the general body for the expenses for outsourcing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031874", "title": "'I am an introvert', says Ayushmann", "text": "From being a contestant of Roadies 2 to now a commercial hit film 'Vicky Donor', Ayushmann Khurrana has come a long way.\"I always wanted to be an actor. I did plays and was also a part of two theatres groups during my school days in Chandigarh. Actually I became a VJ by chance. I am introvert in real life - I take time to get along with people. But the combination of RJ and VJ made me a better presenter,\" shares this Punjabi munda.Ayushman's kitty is full these days. \"I am working as Sanjay Bajaj in Shoojit Sircar's film 'Hamara Bajaj'. I play the character of a struggling guy. I have six months before 'Hamara Bajaj' takes off, so I will do another film during that time,\" he says.Talking about today's young directors, there are many actors who want to work with them and not stick to the big banners only. \"India is a young country, and young directors are the ones who can connect well to the audience. Maximum audience is youth as they have no responsibilities or baggage, they make decisions on their own. Youngsters are the first ones who listen to a song or watch a film immediately after it is launched.Directors should not be aggressive. I am happy that there are few directors who portray different cultures in films - it's very important to have these elements,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033282", "title": "Prithviraj to play J.C. Daniel in his next", "text": "Prithviraj is doing the leading role in director Kamal's forthcoming film 'Celluloid'. The story is based on the life J.C.Daniel, the veteran of Malayalam film.It is going to be very challenging role for Prithviraj to portray J.C. Daniel's is considered as the father of Malayalam cinema. The script and direction by Kamal itself. He is yet to finalise the other star casts of the film.Shooting will be commencing on August.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031067", "title": "Serial Actress Sreekala Sasidharan Married Vipin", "text": "'Entae Manasaputhri' fame serial actress Sreekala got married with Vipin on Saturday at Annapoornaeswari temple, Cherukunnam, Kannur.The moohurthum was between 11 am and 12pm. Marriage was done in a simple manner. There are no other people except Family members. They have not planned yet about the reception. Vipin is working in Pune as IT engineer.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034910", "title": "Maatran to release in July", "text": "Suriya's much-awaited Maatran, directed by K V Anand is almost complete. Sources say that the movie would be released this July.Recently the shooting the climax took place in Jodhpur.Buzz is that the talkie portions are over. Post-production work, which is expected to take a couple of months, will begin shortly.The film, with Suriya and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead, is being touted a commercial entertainer. The movie was shot extensively in Russia. It has music by Harris Jeyaraj.Suriya on completing Maatran will start director Hari's Singam 2.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027842", "title": "Chandy seeks 500MW power from Kudankulam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as Tamil Nadu has been demanding exclusive rights to use power generated from the Kudankulam atomic power project, Kerala has asked for 500MW from the soon-to-be-commissioner plant.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , chief minister Oommen Chandy asked for 500MW from the KNPP in view of acute power crisis faced by the state, official sources said on Sunday.Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa had written two letters-on March 31 and April 2-to the PM demanding the entire power generated from the plant. She followed up the demand in another letter sent on April 2.She complained in her letter that Kerala had failed in completing the work on the power transmission lines to KNPP. She justified her demand for the entire 2,000MW produced in the plant by citing severe power shortage.Chandy refuted reports that Kerala did not want power from Kudankulam.Refuting the charge, Chandy said a special package has been drawn up to set up acquire land to construct a power transmission line from Kudankulamin Thirunelveli district, he said in the letter. The Kerala chief minister wanted the Centre to allocate power from KNPP under 'unallocated' option, earmarked for states facing power crisis, the sources said.Chandy's letter claimed that the state has legitimate claim to 13% of power generated from the plant. According to him, 266MW power from Kudankulam was meant for Kerala. He demanded 500MW power from the plant citing the Centre's refusal to allow the setting up of hydroelectric projects to overcome the power shortage.Chandy's letter further said the state was not in a position to draw more power from NTPC's power plant at Kayamkulam as it was costly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028823", "title": "Burglars escape with valuables, cash after setting house on fire", "text": "NAGPUR: It may be the anger of not being able to open the cupboards at the residence of almirah-makers of Sangharsh Nagar or having to lose their master key which broke in the key hole. The burglars set the home on fire before sneaking out with valuables and cash worth Rs 60,000. The family members claimed that the damages of fire had been even bigger.The Shaikhs discovered the burglary after returning home from their native place at Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh on Saturday morning. They were stunned on seeing one of the two first floor rooms gutted. The Shaikhs are considering themselves lucky as the fire did not spread to the adjacent room or engulf the entire building. It was even more surprising for the Shaikhs that no one in the neighbourhood noticed the flames or smoke. The Shaikhs had left home on April 30. Left shocked, the Shaikhs are unable to understand how the room was set on fire. They found a match box outside the room. The broken lock was also left behind outside the room by the burglars. There was no damage or theft on the ground floor.\"We had been residing at this place for more than two decades but never experienced any discomforting incidents like thefts,\" said Roshan Shaikh. Roshan's brother Javed, married around three months ago, was also considering himself fortunate. The fire that engulfed the room did not spread to his adjoining room but a television kept inside was damaged beyond repair due to excessive heat. \"The fire damaged a photograph of our forefathers which was a cherished memory for us. The grains stored in the house were roasted and their containers blackened with soot. The furniture and a cooler were also damaged,\" said the family members.It was in Javed's room that the burglars attempted to open the almirah with a master key which got stuck inside and finally broke into two pieces with a portion inside the key hole. The other almirah in the front room was forced open. Apart from some expensive sarees, the burglars came across a cash of Rs 20,000 inside the almirah. Family members claimed that the burglars decamped with some gold and silver ornaments also. Despite the burglars managing to lay their hands on valuables, the family members were in deep anguish for the fire damages.The family members approached Yashodhara Nagar police station from where the cops rushed to their residence for inspection. It was learnt that the cops were also surprised. An offence has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027039", "title": "13/7 bombers used stolen mobiles, say blast suspects", "text": "MUMBAI: Interrogation of the arrested 13/7 bomb blasts suspects has revealed that the two Pakistanis suspected of having bombed the city on July 13 along with Indian Mujahideen (IM) leader Yasin Bhatkal had been using stolen cellphones. The purpose of using stolen mobiles was to mislead the police.Sources in the ATS said that one of the arrested suspects, Naqi Ahmed (24), said as much during interrogation. \"Naqi told investigators that as many as 13 mobile handsets were stolen from Pune, Mumbai and Bihar, and were being used by top members of the Indian Mujahideen,\" said an officer. Naqi, along with his accomplice Nadeem Akhtar (22), were first arrested in January for using SIM cards that were procured on faked documents. Later, the duo was booked for the 13/7 blasts. \"Naqi further told police that the two Pakistanis, Waqqas and Tabrez, who are suspected to have used six handsets during their stay in Mumbai last year, were given stolen phones by Bhatkal.While probing the fake SIM card case, the police recovered 19 cellphones and 114 SIM cards, all procured on fake documents. The ATS had arrested 17 accused and all have been granted bail in this case.\"Since the cellphones were stolen from different locations, Ahmed can't recall the exact make or model of these phones. Even he was using a stolen phone.We are trying our level best to find out the IMEI numbers of these phones to track them, but are finding it difficult,\" said an ATS officer.Police suspect that the stolen phones changed hands several times. \"The purpose of this practice was just to keep investigators busy in finding the locations of these phones if they trace the IMEI numbers,\" said an officer. Ahmed and Akhtar are also facing charges of stealing two Activa scooters and two motor bikes. An Activa was used in planting a bomb at Zaveri Bazar.Mumbai: Investigations into the arrest of 13/7 bomb blasts suspects revealed that the two Pakistanis suspects who are suspected of having bombed the city on July 13 along with Indian Mujahideen leader Yasin Bhatkal had been using stolen cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13032514", "title": "Court nod to youth for sex change surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that there is no law that can prohibit an adult from taking decisions pertaining to his life, the Bombay high court on Monday gave its nod to Guwahati student Bhidan Bharua to undergo sex change surgery.The court said both, the Union and state government has no objection to the surgery. \"There is no law which prohibits the same. The petitioner (Bhidan) is 21 years old and hence a major and can take decisions for himself,\" a division bench of justices S J Vazifdar and A R Joshi observed.Advocate Advait Sethna, appearing for the Union government and government pleader Madhu Kajale told the court that they have no objection to the surgery.Bhidan, who claims that he is a woman trapped in a man's body, had approached the high court seeking his parents be restrained from stopping the operation. According to Bhidan, his parents are against the sex change operation and have been threatening him.\"The court need not order a person not to cause harm to another individual. It is the job of the police to see to it that no harm is caused,\" the court said.The bench has directed Bhidan to file an application before the Colaba police station and the commissioner of police giving details of the threat faced by him.\"Police shall consider the application and if any threat is perceived to the petitioner then they shall provide necessary protection,\" Justice Vazifdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13030586", "title": "Sangh Parivar projects Rishi Narad as first and ideal journalist", "text": "JALANDHAR: For many Rishi Narad could just be an amusing character from the ancient Hindu texts - giving information of one side to the other - and several times he is caricatured in a satirical manner but RSS and its offshoots are making serious efforts to project him as first and ideal journalist from whom the modern day jurnos can learn a lot.At a seminar organized by Vishav Samvad Kendra (VSK), an offshoot of the Sangh, to mark Narad Jayanti (birth anniversary) apart from throwing light on his character, challenges being faced by the media - both of external regulation or control and internal about its credibility - were also discussed with a banner - Founder of Ideal Journalism Devarishi Narad's Birth Anniversary - in the backdrop along with his picture.Ram Gopal, a leader of the VSK, told TOI that two years back they started celebrating the Narad Jayanti as journalists' day and now they were endeavoring to hold such function at other places in Punjab apart from Jalandhar. \"The Rishi would quench the thirst of the people for information as is now happening through mass media and he can be safely called the first journalist,\" he argued with several senior RSS leaders sitting in the seminar.While throwing light on the character of the Rishi Narad, Gopal told the audience that the Rishi stood for truth, truthful character and for him interest of the society was paramount.\"He was equally acceptable even in warring sides, as is the case for journalists now also, because he was understood as one character who had no vested interests but only watched the larger interests of the society,\" Ram Gopal said.He informed the audience that Rishi Narad also authored a text Naradsutra which was a dialogue between ruler and the people and how each side should behave and act for ideal running of the political and social system.BJP national spokesperson and Rajya Sabha member Tarun Vijay, himself a senior journalist, in his keynote address dwelt upon various issues confronting the there were some moves to control and regulate it. He also compared the old school of journalism in India and the contemporary practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026964", "title": "The arithmetic of injustice", "text": "MUMBAI: The release of Alex Paul Menon, Sukma collector after hectic negotiations with the Maoists, the details of which have been less than transparent, is not so much a resolution , but a part of the complex arithmetic of engagement that we have seen for quite some time now between the two sides. Somehow, the fact that high-value targets eventually do manage to get away largely unscathed while the foot soldiers and more ordinary representatives of the state meet with frequent annihilation is part of a recurring pattern that we have seen. Even in this case, the two guards assigned to the collector were killed and promptly forgotten about. It is difficult to escape the feeling that what we are seeing is the complex territorial negotiation between two powerful forces, to the detriment of those sandwiched in-between.From the state's side, its reactions are predictable. There is no doubt that the lives of different representatives carry differential values; there is little chance that the state would show too much flexibility if instead of an MLA or collector, ordinary policemen were involved. Power respects currencies, and local officials and jawans are seen as loose change while senior officials and politicians crackle with the crispness of big denominations. The collector is a more potent symbol of state power and hence gets protected with that much more diligence. In showing flexibility of course, the state ends up weakening the same sense of power that it seeks to protect, but that is a paradox that is easy to recognise but difficult to act upon without considerable sacrifice, something that the state in India has, in general, been unwilling to do, regardless of which side is in power.Given the state's proclivity to protect the important with disproportionate alacrity, the Maoists' strategy of kidnapping high-value targets is easy to understand. The returns of such actions yield rich dividends, with relatively manageable risks. Of course, they do potentially unleash retaliatory action of some kind, but these are likely to affect the larger population more than the Maoists and help build greater resentment against the state. They also serve to underline the relative helplessness of the state, given the fact that such actions occur frequently with impunity. The media attention around these too is much greater than otherwise, and helps to create an atmosphere of fear without too much real effort on the ground.What we are seeing at work is a single system of power, operated through two adversaries. While the Maoists may speak in terms that are revolutionary, their actions are threaded with the grammar of the market. They acknowledge as the state does that all of us are not equals, and that the ordinary and powerless can be sacrificed for the causes that the powerful believe in. Lives of ordinary policemen are worth little in the eyes of both the parties, just as the ordinary tribal too fears persecution from both sides. The Maoists accept the principle of the market in the way they act; they work with the same currencies that the state and the market work with. More is better, power buys influence, dissent is dangerous, the needs of the power institutions come first, hierarchies count and must be respected. The life of the collector must be preserved, for it signals that the Maoists are open for business and respect its norms, while the lives of his guards have no commercial or material value.It could be argued that the Maoists have no choice; in dealing with an oppressive state, they have to use its own instruments against itself. Those who sympathize with the Maoists see no other way; the state is simply too powerful and works through too many complicit channels for the ordinary tribal to ever have a real voice. Power only understands power, and the occasional injustice pales in front of the larger injustices meted out by the state, the argument goes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028710", "title": "I knew I could do it, says Dwayne Smith", "text": "MUMBAI: If there was a gladiator at the Wankhede on Sunday, it has to be Dwayne Smith. The big, broad-shouldered batsman from Barbados won a humdinger for Team Mumbai with a promise to RP Singh: \"Take a single and give me the strike, I shall do the rest.\"A sold-out crowd was at the edge of their seats as 16 runs were required off the last over. Ben Hilfenhaus had bowled a clinical final over against Team Hyderabad to give the defending champions a superb win in Chennai. But the Aussie pacer had little idea what mayhem awaited him as Smith wielded the long handle to spectacular effect.Mumbai had lost six wickets in a space of 24 runs, starting with Sachin Tendulkar's wicket. They continued to fight on in bits and pieces. Who knew that Hilfenhaus, who bowled a terrific first-over maiden, would be destroyed ruthlessly in the game's final six balls.\"I just backed myself. I know as long as I can watch the ball I can do it. I just asked RP (Singh) to take a single and give me the strike. I told him to give me the three balls that were left.\"I knew I could do it from there,\" Smith said, with inimitable calmness, after Mumbai won the match by two wickets.After Tendulkar got out on 74, there was a hushed silence. It was justified. Suddenly, it seemed like all good work would go to waste. The runs kept coming, but they kept losing wickets too. Did the Little Master contribute to the recipe for the last-ball win? \"Yes, he did,\" said Smith, adding, \"He told me the wicket was good. He told me to back myself and he was true. It paid off!\"Mumbai have had their share of comeuppance in the tournament due to a wobbly middle order. After they lost Aussie pacer Mitchell Johnson through injury for the season, roping in Smith proved to be a smart move. It worked both ways; Mumbai got a dependable batsman lower down the order.\"I actually thought I was going to be here with one of the teams from the beginning, but that didn't happen. But I am happy to be here now and win some games for Mumbai. I remember winning a game for Barbados in similar fashion. It went into the super over. I got two sixes off the last two balls,\" Smith said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028918", "title": "Get that pay hike", "text": "Asking for a pay hike is a difficult proposition, especially as people join organisations on a negotiated salary, and it becomes a bit of a challenge to convince the boss for a pay hike.Using another job offer to negotiate in the exiting company may not always work. Hence, before you think of going ahead with it, be prepared and think from all angles. |Is it a good idea to remind your seniors about your presence? If yes, adopt the following methodology before approaching your boss for an increment or a promotion.Review your professional recordThink about some of the important and sensitive aspects like discipline; were you in office mostly on time or you came on time only when your seniors were around? Were you always well groomed as expected for your roles and goals? Do you have a good interpersonal relationship with your colleagues and subordinates? Did you ever bunk from work saying that you are stepping out for official reasons? Did you ever dedicate your productive time to social networking and gave less priority to important assignments? Have you met your deadlines when any task was assigned to you? Did you ever exceed your annual entitled leaves for any reason? Did you meet the expectations from your job?If you have lived up to the mark on these points, list your achievements from day one of your joining the organisation, the value additions that you have made and the positive changes that have happened in the company/ department after you joined.Your candidature for promotion or pay hike primarily depends upon the credibility you have built over the past years, your positive professional image, hard work, mathematical prudence, ownership of your responsibilities, lastly and most importantly, your personal attitude.However, if you have performed well and have projected a great image, the pay hike will find its way to you.Once you have identified and listed your contributions, you must keep in mind the following:Be realistic in your approach: Each us know our capabilities and worth. When you decide to have a discussion with your seniors regarding a pay hike, you must think about this aspect objectively and rationallyCorrect timing: Successful requests are always about appropriate timing. If you have not proven yourself and not demonstrated your capabilities, you should hold on to your requestDo not expect an immediate response: These decisions are not taken overnight. It involves reviews and discussions. A polite follow-up mail with a 'thank you' would be a good reminder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13027020", "title": "Two who tried to bribe cop get bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Holiday sessions judge V A Daulatabadkar on Sunday granted provisional cash bail of Rs 15,000 each to Nazim Shaikh and Farookh Motorwala, arrested on Saturday for allegedly trying to bribe a policeman to implicate trustees of Sayed Ali Miran Datar Dargah in a theft case.Released on a PR bond, the two would have to pay the bail amount on Monday and furnish surety in four weeks, said their lawyers Mahesh Vaswani and Jagdish Shetty. They will have to report to the ACB for three days to record their voices. The two allegedly tried to bribe a police inspector to falsely implicate trustees of Sayed Ali Miran Datar Dargah in a theft case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028322", "title": "State's maiden maritime training institute set to sail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's maiden Maritime Training Institute, supported by the state's port regulator Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB), will become operational from August this year, a top official said today.\"The first batch of 40 students will be joining the institute in August this year. The institute has been created with a view to meet the requirement of marine engineers,\" GMB Chief Nautical Officer SC Mathur said.A marine engineer is in-charge of operations and maintenance of all machinery on board merchant ships. The institute, which is set up in collaboration with UV Patel Engineering College in north Gujarat, a constituent of Ganpat University, is backed by the Gujarat government which had signed a MoU for the purpose in 2007.\"It was a long-felt need that an institution to offer a BTech degree, leading to a career as an officer in Merchant Navy, should be established in the state, which has the longest coastline of 1,600 km,\" Mathur said.\"We are tying up with shipping companies like Adani, Essar , Ocean Sparkle, Shahi among others so that students can get on-board sea-time training in the fourth year of their course, a prerequisite for securing a degree,\" he said.The main objective behind setting up this institute was to check outflow of local lads to other states, and train them here itself, Mathur said. The mandatory clearances required to establish and run the institute from DG Shipping, and All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) have been secured, he said.The GMB also plans to start offering a BSc level course in nautical sciences, for which it has signed an understanding with Chajjumal Trust of Vadodara and expects the college to come up in next one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026749", "title": "Cong develops cold fleet over action against Vishvendra", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress leadership has drawn cold feet over initiating action against Vishvendra Pratap Singh, scion of the former Jat royal family of Bharatpur, whose supporters allegedly thrashed several party members during a meeting in the presence of PCC chief Chandrabhan in Bharatpur on Saturday. The party leadership has not shown any indication to \"discipline\" Singh, who has on several occasions gone against party leadership and has dared the top brass to take action against him.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday gave a \"politically correct\" statement saying, \"The incident was unfortunate and should be condemned.\" He was speaking to reporters at the sidelines of a conference on education among Muslim community at Birla Auditorium.\"I will talk to the high command to take action against Vishvendra Singh. I have already apprised chief minister Ashok Gehlot about the incident and will ensure that those responsible for violence are punished,\" said Chandrabhan on Sunday. The PCC chief had to make a hasty retreat after supporters of Singh went berserk and thrashed several Congress workers. Chandrabhan was witness to the entire incident and was visibly shaken to see violent assault on his party colleagues. Later, he had alleged that Vishvendra Singh was leading the violent mob and they behaved like goons.Chandrabhan said there could be some issues but Vishvendra Singh and his supporters should have resolved it amicably. He said that the act was absolutely criminal and the party high command should ensure that such incidents don't take place in future.Vishvendra Singh, on the other hand, said that he had nothing to do with the incident but it was an outburst of anger against the Bharatpur district Congress president Girish Choudhary, who is hand in glove with the BJP. Vishvendra will be in Jaipur on Monday to apprise chief minister Ashok Gehlot Singh about the incident. \"The incident is being blown out of proportion and my name is being dragged into the controversy unnecessarily,\" said Singh. \"Two Congress leaders -- Amar Singh and Aditya Singh -- who faced the public wrath, are my supporters and I can't incite people against them,\" he said.However, Singh said that there were a few issues about Chandrabhan and the Bharatpur district Congress president due to which party workers are not happy. \"Chandrabhan was convicted in a murder case in 1974 and was in jail for four-and-a--half years. I am surprised that the Congress is planning to contest assembly polls under his leadership. If it happens, it could cost the party dearly,\" he added.Congress insiders said that a section within the party was upbeat after Saturday incident in which the \"position\" of Chandrabhan was demeaned to a large extent and no action against Vishvendra Singh was another indication to make the PCC chief understand his status within the party. It was learnt that a few senior leaders were not happy about the way Chandrabhan was changing sides and trying to create his own space. Reports suggest that as PCC chief, he has not done much to contain the ongoing campaign by a few MLAs against chief minister Ashok Gehlot.On Sunday, PCC secretary Ajit Singh Shekhawat handed over his resignation to Chandrabhan seeking action against Vishvendra Singh. However, Singh said that there wasn't much support for Chandrabhan in the party as not a single senior leader has spoken in his favour. Several senior party leaders including Digvijay Singh and Salman Khurshid were in Jaipur. However, none minced a word in this regard.Two-time MP from Bharatpur, Vishvendra Singh and his wife Divya had joined the Congress in 2008 after quitting the BJP. Since then, Singh has on several occasions locked horns with the Congress leaders. However, the party banks heavily on him to garner Jat community support in eastern Rajasthan and Congress has no other known face from the community. The Gehlot government recently nominated Singh's wife Divya member of the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13028539", "title": "Protest against potholed roads", "text": "KANPUR: Many people of EWS Block in KDA Colony in Jajmau came out on road to protest against the dilapidated condition of roads of that area on Sunday afternoon. The locals were annoyed over the fact that there was no existence of roads in their colony and its surrounding for past so many months. The roads, which had either been dug-up for the laying of the sewage pipes or were not made because of some other reason were a cause of extreme inconveniency for them. The locals demanded that the road in their area should be made motorable. They said that in the absence of roads, dust envelops the atmosphere. Be it day or night, one could always witness dust in the area all the time. This was not only affecting the movement of the vehicles but also causing lung related ailments amongst the people. It was because of these reasons, the people stepped out on roads to protest.Meanwhile, this was not the first protest in the area. Earlier, also several protests have been staged by the locals of Jajmau to draw the attention of the civic bodies towards the problems they face.In the month of April also, the locals of Jajmau, in order to make their voice heard to the district officials, had blocked the movement of the traffic on the important Jajmau road. On coming to know about the major protest, the police had to come to the site and try pacifying the locals. The locals had also ghearoed the Junior Engineer and Assistant Engineer of Jal Nigam. Later, the two officials were brought to Nai Chungi and made to stand in the dust. This was done to make them realise that how dust has been badly affecting the health of the people of the area and therefore, roads should be made motorable.Though gradually the city roads are being made in some areas but still there are several localities where the work of laying of sewage pipes is yet to be completed. It will only be after this that the road would be made in these areas. Divisional Commissioner, Mukul Singhal and District Magistrate, MP Agarwal have set the deadline for the construction of the roads for Nagar Nigam and PWD officials before the onset of monsoon but this remains to be seen how much work would be over by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027041", "title": "\u2018Ineligible persons clearing building plans\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Are officials other than architects clearing building plans in civic bodies, especially Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority ( HMDA)?The Indian Institute of Architects (IIA)'s AP chapter has raised the issue saying that ineligible persons - urban planners from other wings, working with town-planning departments of these civic bodies, have been monitoring development control by carrying out scrutiny of architectural designs of buildings under GHMC and other municipal corporations.It has been charged that city planners and town-planning officials from backgrounds like geography, economics, statistics and civil engineering, who are not expected to have even a basic knowledge of architecture, have been clearing building plans of multi-storied structures and multiplexes. For example, it has been claimed that, of 19 planning officials of the rank of joint director with various corporations and urban development authorities, only eight have an architecture background. Incidentally, only three architectural planners are currently working with GHMC. A couple of days ago, IIA had submitted a letter to the principal secretary of Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department asking the government to immediately stop this dubious practice of clearing building plans, especially of the multi-storied ones. It is learnt that IIA has even threatened to move court on the issue.\"Our objection is that all planners, irrespective of their expertise, are designated by corporations and urban development authorities to scrutinize architectural designs of buildings,\" chairman of IIA's AP chapter, DT Vinod Kumar, told TOI. \"Non-architect officials are not competent to deal with architectural projects and buildings. They should be given work based on their expertise,\" said IIA. Urban planners are drafted from disciplines like M.Sc (geography), MA (sociology), economics, engineering and architecture by the Director of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) after their post-graduation in urban planning.\"A social planner from geography should be given the task of preparing master plans and layouts of human settlements. Similarly, planners from engineering background should be assigned the task of implementation of town-planning works like road- widening and traffic junction improvement,\" Kumar added. Officials at GHMC said city-planners did have knowledge of architecture and building rules..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026846", "title": "Israeli diplomat car blast probe: Cops await Tehran nod for visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: There may be delay in the Israeli diplomat attack probe as Delhi Police's special team is waiting for the final clearance from Tehran to go there.The team, which has been getting ready to fly on May 13 to gather evidence against Houshang Afshar Irani, Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi and Seyed Ali Mahdian, the three Iranians allegedly involved in the February car blast, has already prepared the questionnaires and a list of required documents, sources said.The Iranians had allegedly fled to Tehran following the attack on Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren's car in New Delhi on February 13 this year. She, the Indian driver of the car and two others were injured in the blast.The team comprises of additional commissioner of police (crime) Ashok Chand, deputy commissioner Sanjeev Yadav and inspector Hriday Bhushan.The officers will talk to the Tehran authorities, visit the houses of the three accused and seek help of Iranian agencies to locate them there.The visit will expedite the probe as Delhi Police will not have to wait for the reply of the letter rogatory, a formal judicial request for probe through exchange of documents. This is the first time that an Indian police agency would visit Iran for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027115", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission goofs up, cancels exam", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) on Sunday cancelled its degree college lecturers' examination after question papers for the same could not reach the examination centres in Hyderabad on time.Over 5,000 candidates who had turned up to write the examinations at the various centres in the city ended up staging protests blaming APPSC officials for the shoddy manner in which they had gone about holding the test.While the examination was originally slated to be held between 10am to 12.30pm on Sunday, officials rescheduled it for 11.30am after they realised that the question papers would not reach the city on time.However, after the question papers failed to arrive in time for the rescheduled slot, APPSC authorities announced that Sunday's exam stood cancelled. The question papers, which had been dispatched by air from an undisclosed location and were being ferried by a private airline, could reach the city only at 11.30am due to a delay.While the package itself was supposed to be delivered on May 5, that is, a day before the exam, APPSC was unable to send the consignment via road or rail, which is the usual practice, till May 4. Hence, the cargo had to be shipped by flight on the day of the exam.Interestingly, only a part of the consignment could ultimately reach the city as the airline had off-loaded a major chunk of the cargo at the point of dispatch due to heavy load. Several bundles of question papers reached the city via another flight at around 1pm.Curiously, candidates who were to take the exam at centres in Tirupati, Vijayawada and Vizag had, a week back, been reassigned by APPSC to the Hyderabad centre. The reason behind the transfer was not revealed to the candidates.Students blamed APPSC for not sharing with them the news of the delay. \"We were made to wait for over three hours in front of the examination centre before we were told that the test had been cancelled.\"The commission has once again proved that they are ill-equipped to conduct state service examinations,\" a candidate said, pointing out how degree college posts were being notified after a gap of eight years.\"We expected APPSC to be more responsible than this,\" said the candidate.Meanwhile, some of the candidates from outside the city have demanded that the commission pay them compensation. \"We spent a lot of money on travel and boarding just to write this examination. The commission should now pay us compensation,\" said a student.The commission has announced that the revised dates for the examinations would be announced later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "13028168", "title": "Two arrested with chemical explosives", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Two persons carrying 10kg of chemical explosives were arrested by the police in Gandharvakottai in Pudukkottai late on Saturday night. The arrest comes as part of the routine screening of vehicles ahead of the byelection to the Pudukkottai assembly constituency on June 12.On Saturday, Gandharvakottai police were involved in the screening at a check-post in the area. During that time, the police intercepted a car and searched the vehicle. During the search, they found 10kg of chemical explosive inside the vehicle. All of a sudden, two persons Shanmugam (40) from Nagapattinam and Anandhan (35) from Thanjavur tried to give a slip to the police. However, the police managed to chase them down and arrested them.Investigation revealed that they were on their way to Ilaiyankudi in Virudhunagar district from Karuppur near Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district. They bought the chemical explosive from a certain Shanmugam in Karuppur for making country-made crackers for a festival. A case has been registered against the duo.Due to the model code of conduct, which has been enforced in the Pudukkottai assembly constituency, the police set-up vehicle check posts in eight places in Gandharvakottai, Thiruvappur, Uppiliyakudi, Karuveppilayan railway gate, Sivapuram, Alankudi and Thirumanacheri and Kepparai Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027491", "title": "Fish is new fad in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a city where, for many, the love affair with food begins and ends at butter chicken, it may seem absurd to think that people are slowly shifting their culinary focus to fish. But it's true that for many, fish is slowly but steadily becoming the preferred meat.Vasudev Bijoli, who has been selling fish at Chittaranjan Park, a predominant Bengali colony in the capital, for 15 years has seen an increase in north Indian customers in the recent months.\"Bengalis and many south Indians always buy fish as it is their staple diet. But now I get over 50 north Indian customers every day compared to less than 10 earlier. Most of them buy single-bone fish like sole, singhada, pomfret, surmai,\" he says.Most vendors in the city get their fish from the Ghazipur fish market, and Mohd Zafar, director of a wholesale company in the market, says that in the past year or two, the demand for fish has gone up by 30-40%, mainly on account of the single-bone varieties.Many are also choosing fish when they go out to eat. \"Fish makes up 25% of our menu, and contributes to over 30% of the revenue. People here are still learning how to treat fish at home - because of the smell, how to cook it, or what flavours to use,\" says Parampreet Luthra, executive sous chef of Shiro.The main reason behind the shift seems to be the health benefits linked to fish. With people more conscious of growing waistlines and shrinking fitness levels, fish has emerged as the perfect solution.\"Fish is not only a good source of protein but is also rich in omega-3 fats, which are excellent for skin, hair and cholesterol. The protein also helps curb appetite, so it is good for those trying to reduce weight,\" says Raghav Pande, fitness and nutrition expert, adding that he recommends all his clients to include fish in their diet.The sheer variety of fish also makes it a diet that is easy, even inviting, to follow. Local fish markets stock up to 20 varieties of Indian fish, while bigger markets and grocery superstores keep imported fishes as well.At restaurants, major part of the menus is dedicated to fish cooked in different ways - steamed, grilled, sauteed, pan-fried, deep fried, baked and tandoori.\"We serve sea bass, sole and snapper, which we get from Mumbai and Cochin every two-three days. We also have Wild Alaskan Salmon, which we get frozen from Alaska. Our most popular dish is the steamed sea bass in lemon chilli sauce, but we also have dishes like Bengali fish curry and fish tikkas to cater to all tastes,\" says Pankaj Sharma, executive sous chef, Aman restaurant.\"We serve sushi-grade fish - salmon from Norway, tuna from European countries, red snapper from Chennai, Vietnamese basa,\" says Luthra. The menu here is identical to the ones served at its branches in Mumbai and Bangalore - both fish-consuming states.Luthra says the steamed options are most popular during the day, \"especially with ladies who come for their kitty parties\", as it is a lighter option. At night, people go for sushi.When Oh! Calcutta opened here a few years ago, many were skeptical to try the unfamiliar cuisine. \"But now we get a lot more non-Bengalis,\" says Nripendra Chauhan, head of operations at the Speciality Restaurants, which owns the franchise.However, north Indians gravitate towards dishes that have familiar flavours. \"Spicy dishes like betki jhal are more popular with them,\" says Chauhan. Others in the industry also attest to the slight reluctance to order more adventurous fish dishes.\"We have about 11 varieties of fish and 20 different dishes in the menu, but Punjabis normally go for the fish kolivada, a batter fried sole they call 'fish tikka pakoda',\" says Gaurav Sachdeva, manager of coastal restaurant Spice Water Trail.Sharma of Aman also says that barring a few who like to experiment, north Indians usually order fish tikkas.\"People here usually choose fish like sole or basa, which take the flavour of added herbs or condiments,\" says Mrigank Singh, executive chef, Blue Frog and Azimuth.CITY TAKES HEALTHY BAITHealth benefitsLow in omega-6 'bad' fats. Good source of protein and omega 3 fatty acids, which help maintain heart health and cholestrol, reduce tissue inflammation, assist brain development of infants, healthy hair and skin. White fish contain less fat than oily fishRisksFish contain traces of mercury, which can cause problems in foetuses, infants, or young children. Some low mercury fish are haddock, mackerel, salmon, sole, tilapia, trout, and shrimp; cod, halibut, snapper, monkfish, lobster contain moderate mercury; and grouper, tilefish, yellowfin tuna and swordfish contain high levelsBuy fish hereFresh fish found at markets in Chittaranjan Park fish, INA Market and Munirka. Fresh, frozen, and processed at grocery superstores like Le Marche, Modern Bazar, and Nature's Basket. Frozen sashimi, sliced fish, and shellfish at specialty store Yamato YaTips on buying &amp; storing fishFresh fish don't have strong odour Whole fish should have bright eyes and firm flesh, fillets or steaks should be bright without brown spots or dis-colouration Freeze until ready to cook. Thaw in refrigerator, microwave, or under cold waterCooking fishMethods: Bake, shallow fry, deep fry, saute, grill, poach, steam, broilCooking: Cook for 10 minutes per inch of thickness of fish. Let the fish cook undisturbed for a few minutes before turning. Remove from heat when it is almost done, and let it stand to To check if fish is done, insert a fork or knife into the thickest part of the fish and twist. It's done if the fish flakes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13029374", "title": "Lax Ludhiana Improvement Trust yet to recover Rs 1.38crore dues", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's official now. A lax Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) is yet to recover pending water and seweage dues to the tune of Rs 1.38 crore from city's posh areas developed by it in the past 19 years. And this amount is piling up each year as is the misery of people due to lack of basic amenities.This fact came to the fore in the Trust's reply to a Right to Information (RTI) application filed by a city-based activist.Arvind Sharma, an RTI activist, had sought from LIT on March 9 the list of defaulters who have not cleared their water and sewerage dues and what action LIT officials had taken against them. Replying to this, LIT authorities came out with the telling revelation.However, no notices have been slapped on the erring consumers. There are a total of 762 defaulters in four localities under LIT.LIT is yet to recover Rs 22.46 lakh from Sant Isher Singh Nagar, Rs 32.20 lakh from Rishi Nagar, 39.17 lakh from Rajguru Nagar and Rs 44.29 lakh from SBS Nagar, says the reply.Spelling out the defaulters' list, Sharma, the activist who himself resides in SBS Nagar, said, \"It is sheer carelessness of the LIT officials not to have collected the pending amount from the defaulters. They ought to have done so because if the dues remain unrecovered, basic amenities and development projects take a beating.\"He further said he had also sought information about the officials who did not take action against the defaulters but was told that LIT has itself asked for a report to name the guilty and bring them to book. Sharma has demanded action from director of local bodies against the callous officials.Superintending engineer of LIT Sukhbir Jakhar shifted the blame on the residents. He said, \"It is the duty of the public to clear their dues and here people do not come forward to do the same.\"When asked if any action was taken against the defaulters, he said, \"We didn't disconnect water or sewerage connections of the erring consumers in the past but we may do so in the near future.\"RTI ReplyLIT is yet to recover Rs 22.46 lakh from Sant Isher Singh Nagar, Rs 32.20 lakh from Rishi Nagar, 39.17 lakh from Rajguru Nagar and Rs 44.29 lakh from SBS Nagar, says the reply", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027245", "title": "Biodiversity register to save city greenery", "text": "KOLKATA: The city could be the first metropolis in the country to have a complete database of biodiversity resources and its usage. The West Bengal biodiversity board, under the state environment department, is preparing a biodiversity register for the city that will have a detailed guideline on the usage of biological resources.\"This is the first time a biodiversity register is being made for a metropolitan city. Work is on and will be completed by the end of this year,\" said a senior environment department official. However, there are Officials said that a few biodiversity registers have been prepared for areas like Sunderbans and other places rich in biodiversity resources. But there is no such register for the city till date.\"Different varieties and types of trees as well as other biological resources are available in the city and its surroundings. But the presence of these has neither been taken note of nor has their correct usage been observed. For example, there are many trees in the city are rich in with medicinal value. But there is no proper guideline and information on where they are found and how to preserve and use them,\" said a senior environment department official.Once approved by the board, the register will help towards commercial utilization of biological resources, following approval by the board. Apart from the 12,500 hectare wide East Kolkata wetlands, Rabindra Sarobar and Subhas Sarobar, there are several other water bodies in the city proper. Areas surrounding them are full of natural resources and rich in biodiversity that could be effectively preserved and used. It has been noticed on many occasions that urban greenery is destroyed to make way for development work. The Following the biodiversity register can prevent waste of greenery by using the product in other ways.The West Bengal biodiversity board functions to ensure proper implementation of the Biological Diversity Act, 2002 and the West Bengal Biological Diversity Rules, 2005. It has previously worked on vegetation mapping and the study of aquatic biodiversity of the Satragachhi jheel.The board has also monitored industries involved in the exploitation of natural resources biodiversity and has striven to create awareness on biodiversity and its importance in human well being. Besides framing biodiversity-management committees have been constituted at the panchayat samity and municipality levels, the board has also been working to prepare a comprehensive digitized data of biodiversity resources available in the districts. A along with preparing a digital library and bibliography on the available literature on Bengal's biodiversity is also being prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13028537", "title": "Lack of cops in Ponda station affecting probes", "text": "PONDA: Due to a severe shortage of staff at the Ponda police station, one of the busiest in the state, investigations into several cases are making very little or no progress at all.The police station needs senior officers of the rank of police sub-inspectors and above to handle vital and sensitive cases. The Ponda police station has been sanctioned nine police sub-inspectors (PSIs). However, they have only four PSIs that is about half the strength sanctioned by the department for the smooth running of the police station, a police source revealed.Ponda police station covers about 315 sq km area and till date has registered 148 criminal cases, including murder, thefts, assaults, etc. It has registered 134 accidents and 40 unnatural deaths since January 2012. Besides this, the police station has presently registered five murder cases and investigations are still going on.The four officers deputed to the police station have to look after regular duties, night patrolling, naka-bandis, raids, inquests and post-mortems, etc. \"This leaves the officers exhausted and could affect the investigations,\" a police source said.The PSIs have to run to various places as more than one incident happens at the same time at different places.The North Goa superintendent of police (SP) Vijay Singh however told TOI that there is a shortage of PSIs all over the state and that this was affecting the Ponda police as well.When brought to his notice that two PSIs have not yet reported to the police station despite general transfer to Ponda, the North Goa SP said that he would look into the matter.Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar, who has served the department as a deputy superintendent of police before joining politics, said the department must ensure the deputation of sanctioned number of officers.Commenting on SP Singh's statement regarding shortage, Mamledar said the government must fill the vacancies of police officers. \"Regarding posting of sanctioned officers to Ponda police station, I will speak to home minister Manohar Parrikar ,\" the Ponda MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13028420", "title": "Two departments in the dock over blackbuck deaths", "text": "BATHINDA: An inquiry report into the death of 29 blackbucks at Bathinda Deer Park has held two departments' officials of the forest department and public works department guilty of negligence which resulted in the death of the animals.Drug peddlers and wood mafia were also responsible for the death of the animals as they had been enjoying easy access to the park, the panel said.This inquiry committee also suggested some ideas for deer safari so that such incidents are not repeated.\"The inquiry report was received which brought the negligence of PWD and forest department officials to the fore. This report has been sent to the chief secretary forest for taking necessary action,\" said Kamal Kishore Yadav, deputy commissioner, Bathinda.The three-member high-powered committee of SDM Rambeer, IAS; ASP Vikramjeet Singh Bhatti, IPS; and deputy director animal husbandry Pradeep Bansal concluded its inquiry on Saturday and submitted the report to the DC.In 10 days, the panel completed the inquiry and accused the negligence of two departments' officials for the incident. The committee revealed that the construction of boundary wall and fencing work was handed over to the PWD department in 150-acre of land and the total length of boundary wall was about 5 kilometers.PWD workers broke the net of the deer park and joined the new fencing of enclosure of black bucks. But they did not join the broken net of the blackbuck enclosure which allowed a stray dog in and deaths.The incident occurred on April 25 night. When the watchman had the information of the accident at about 3 am, around 15 black bucks had died and others were in trauma. But the watchman, forest guard and forest ranger reached the spot after four hours, the report said.Due to their negligence, the remaining 14 black bucks also died. Had they responded in time, life of some blackbucks could have been saved, the committee said.The inquiry committee also blamed the conspiracy of wood mafia and drug peddlers for it saying they might have been enjoying benefit of negligence of both the departments. The wood mafia and peddlers have been active here for a long time.The report concluded that lack of veterinary dispensary facility in the deer safari/mini zoo for emergency services was also a contributing factor for deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027158", "title": "Vasundhara Raje revolt leaves BJP sweating", "text": "NEW DELHI: As if the infighting among BJP's central party leaders was not enough, the fresh flare-up over leadership in Rajasthan is bound to impact its prospects for the 2014 parliamentary elections with trouble spreading to the state units.At a time when Nitin Gadkari is seeking a second term as party chief, with strong backing from the RSS, the Rajasthan revolt is likely to spread the voice of discontent across states from where BJP could have hoped to get the numbers to be in the reckoning for office at the Centre. Discontent over the Karnataka mess, Uttar Pradesh defeat and the Jharkhand Rajya Sabha fiasco may come up at the party's national executive meeting slated for May-end in Mumbai.With former Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje and 56 out of 79 MLAs threatening to quit the party against rival Gulabchand Kataria's plan to embark on a statewide yatra, senior leaders including L K Advani , Gadkari and Arun Jaitley spoke to her. While that may have helped douse the fire for the time being, with Kataria withdrawing his yatra plan, the situation is unlikely to straighten out soon.Raje, who is a popular leader in the state, has been asking the central leadership to rein in rivals like Kataria, propped up by the Sangh in the state against her. But Gadkari, party sources said, did not act till matters came to breaking point on Saturday.While assembly polls in the state are still 18 months away, BJP has little to hope unless the infighting is checked. During the last assembly polls, the party lost to Congress because of internal squabbles.BJP has already messed up a big state like Karnataka even though it is in power there because of internal problems and Rajasthan looks like going the same way. Gadkari's game plan for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls could be seriously damaged with the discontent spreading to states like wildfire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028552", "title": "Citizens' Charter, a priority: Shantaram Naik", "text": "PANAJI: Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik, who was recently appointed as the chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on personnel public grievances, law and justice; has said that a strong bill on the Citizens' Charter would be his priority.Naik has been appointed the chairman of the committee by Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansar through a notification issued on Saturday.The post of chairman of the committee had fallen vacant on account of the resignation of Abhishek Manu Singhvi recently, after he was embroiled in a sleazy CD scandal.\"The Citizens' Charter bill is an important bill as the services covered by the Citizens' Charter affect the common man every day,\" Naik said.\"From birth certificate, death certificate, ration card, driving license and other services, a timeframe will be specified for everything,\" said Naik, while adding that there will be a consequences if the officers don't provide the service within the specified timeframe.Naik will be taking charge of his new office on May 6. He will chair the first meeting of the committee on the following day. The committee had recently submitted its report on two important bills - Lokpal Bill and Whistleblowers Protection Bill. Naik also said that a law against harassment of women employees would also be brought out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026985", "title": "Fliers held at IGI airport with memory cards worth Rs 1.33 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Customs officials at IGI airport arrested two passengers on Sunday morning for carrying memory cards worth Rs 1.33 crore in what may have been the biggest haul of such items.The modus operandi used for smuggling the cards was also used for the first time with passengers wearing especially stitched pouches on their chest and thighs.\"The accused, Amritpal Singh and Kamal Chadha, had arrived at IGI Airport from Hong Kong on Jet Airways 9W 77 at 11:30 pm. Based on suspicion and profiling, JMS Rawat, superintendent (preventive), stopped Singh, a resident of Tilak Nagar in Delhi, and decided to conduct a check.\"His bags were x-rayed but nothing was found. However, further investigation revealed that he had strapped onto his chest and thighs especially stitched pouches containing 40,350 memory cards. Upon interrogation, he revealed the name of his partner and we managed to catch him just as he was about to leave the airport. He was standing near gate number 18 when officials identified him,\" said commissioner VK Goel.An official said the two were carrying a total 74,250 memory cards.\"In Hong Kong, they checked in with the memory cards in their hand baggage. Once they reached the security hold area, they filled up their pouches with the cards. The two have been arrested under section 104 of the Customs Act, 1962,\" the official said.A customs official said there has been a sudden spurt in smuggling of memory cards in Delhi. Compared to 2011, when memory cards worth Rs 2.10 crore were recovered, customs has already seized memory cards worth Rs 1.8 crore in April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032531", "title": "Satyamev Jayate hits the heart!", "text": "\"Daughters of Bharat have the right to live\". Aamir Khan's voice echoed with emotion as he spoke about the evil malpractice of female feticide rampant in India in the first episode of 'Satyamev Jayate'.Millions of people across India were glued to their television sets on Sunday to watch Aamir Khan's much hyped show in recent times and rightly so! A raging craze on social networking sites and a trending topic amongst film celebrities and viewers alike, 'Satyamev Jayate' hit the right chords. As the show says, 'jab dil pe lagti hain, toh baat banti hain'.Although Aamir chose to make his TV debut with a serious theme based show, he's managed to do what other celebrities haven't done so far: talking about the 'aam janta'. Aamir Khan is 'THE' man who manages to bring out the tears and emotions from audiences and participants, not afraid to shed a few of his own.In a country that worships female gods as 'maa' in her many avatars, it's disgusting and scary to think that India rates high on the list of countries still practicing female feticide!The show begins with Aamir introducing three women who were the victims of female feticide: Parveen Khan from Madhya Pradesh, Mitu Khurana from Delhi and Amisha Yagnik from Ahmedabad. Each of these women were brutally forced to abort their girl child and in the case of Parveen Khan, her husband mauled her face, getting down to cannibalism. For Doctor Ritu Khurana who belongs to an educated family of professors and doctors, it was a nightmare to watch her mother in law push her new born daughter down a flight of stairs. Amisha Yagnik went through six abortions in eight years when she was cleverly tricked by her husband and in-laws to go for an ultrasound. Without her knowledge, she was given an injection that killed her unborn babies. She even said that the unknown abortion felt like murder.But these women courageously spoke up on national television and Parveen and Amisha even walked out of their marriages to become independent working women supporting their children. Aamir had a message for the country when he said that the child's sex in determined by the male sperm and not by the female and hence, only the men should be blamed.Known for his genuine and well researched content- Aamir brought in doctors, social workers and journalists to further educate the masses on this theme. Dr. Puneet Bedi started with the history of Ultrasound machines which were introduced to India in the 1990's. Before that, there was no way to determine the sex of the child, a practice still considered illegal in India. But with the introduction of Ultrasound, government officials and doctors in states like Rajasthan started encouraging families to curb the population explosion by opting for an ultrasound as a solution to determine the child's sex and abort the female fetus. In this way, the population problem could be curbed.Dr. Agrawal from Rajasthan spoke about the 'adivasi' people who were happy to have girl children as compared to their urabn counterparts- the so called educated CAs, IPS officers, Doctors and lawyers who supported female feticide. Social worker Ram Babu Bhatt, a researcher on this topic aid that this happens amongst the 'buddhi jeevi' people of India.Journalists Meena Sharma and Shripal Shaktawat did a wonderful sting operation where they covered 13, 000 kms and caught 140 doctors on their hidden camera who supported this evil. The operation further showed that these doctors were lauded for their efforts and were even promoted instead of their licenses being cancelled. A comparison was made to Korea where such practices were initially rampant but was stopped when the government decided to cancel the doctors licenses.What further unfolded on the episode was the nexus between government officials and doctors, families and salesman selling ultrasound machines, who have managed to make this into a profitable 2000-3000 crores industry! Later in the episode, Aamir was seen interacting with bachelors from Haryana who said it was difficult to get brides. Instantly, one could relate to the show 'Na Aana Is Des Laado' on Colors TV which first brought this practice to light on TV.In his interaction, audiences learnt about another horrifying reality of India: bride trafficking where women were bought in states like Bihar and Karnataka for a cheap amount. Robbed of their dignity and respect, these women were also raped by the other male members of the house. But the show was not all gloomy. It was a delight to learn that states like Punjab have seen a rise in the female vs. male ratio from 2001-2011.Towards the end, Aamir appealed to the masses to unite and request the Govt. of Rajasthan to set up a special court for speedy trials for female feticide cases that have been pending in different courts of the state over the years. Especially when the judges of our country support this practice by saying they see nothing wrong in female feticide. After all, every family needs a male 'vansh'.'Satyamev Jayate' is not just a talk show, it's a battle against the evil practices prevailing in India, an appeal to the masses to unite together to fight against crime. Aamir is not the 'Oprah Winfrey' of India as dubbed by many across the country. He's an original! A thumbs up to the entire team for the effort, research, music and concern over India's much ignored malpractices. This one's a sure shot winner. With 12 episodes still left, any guesses on what subjects will be covered next?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13026310", "title": "97 get Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited jobs on compassionate grounds", "text": "PUNE: The board of directors of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has decided to recruit 97 people for the transport utility on compassionate grounds, Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande, also the director of the PMPML, said on Saturday.Jagdish Shetty, chairman, standing committee, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, and director of the PMPML, said total 123 candidates were selected for recruitment on compassionate grounds. However, only 97 of them have submitted the requisite documents. As a result, only those candidates will be recruited in the first phase. Of these, 55 are from Pimpri-Chinchwad and the remaining 32 are from Pune.Lande said discussions were also held about the 150 new buses to be purchased for the transport company.These include 100 buses for Pune and 50 for Pimpri-Chinchwad. D A Pardeshi, public relations officer, PMPML, confirmed that the decision has been taken for recruiting people on compassionate grounds in the transport body.Pardeshi said earlier the transport body had taken a decision to purchase 500 buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.So far, 291 buses have joined the fleet and are plying on various routes. The remaining 209 buses are expected to join the fleet in the next two to three months.R N Joshi, chief managing director, PMPML, presided over the meeting. Pune mayor Vaishali Bankar, Baburao Chandere, chairman, standing committee, Pune Municipal Corporation, also attended the meeting of the board of directors of the PMPML for the first time on Saturday after being elected to their civic posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13028023", "title": "Language no more a barrier today", "text": "RANCHI: Rashmi Kumari, a history graduate from Vinobha Bhave University is preparing for her bank exams. Everything was running smooth in her life until an incident changed her life completely.Owing to her inability to speak English she was rejected outright by an interview panel. That was the time she realized that learning English is a necessity. Her rejection drove her to spoken English classes and today, Rashmi can proudly say that she knows the language well.It is not just the case of one Rashmi but there are many more like her who falters when asked to interact in English, which is still considered as a foreign language in parts of the country. It is here where the role of spoken English classes has come into play. These days, in every nook and corner of the city, we see spoken English classes coming up as demand for the language has grown over the years.Not only youngsters, the demand for learning English has increased among all age groups. \"Married women and aged people also come for classes. They do not want to be lag behind when it comes to conversing in English,\" said Rimpa Ghosh, counsellor at American Academy of English.\"Parents, these days also take up courses to interact in English with their children residing abroad,\" she added.Apart from that the young brigade feels learning the language has become a prerequisite to survive in this competitive market. Sushmita Singh, a resident of Kaimur district in Bihar , is preparing for her competitive exams and feels a person who can interact fluently in English has a better chance of survival in the professional field. \"Any profession, be it private or government, speaking English is a criteria apart from your degrees,\" she said.Spoken English classes have become a reality and are making its way to every gully today.\"TIn a short span of time, I have learnt the language and can speak fluently, today. The major problem while speaking this language is hesitation which after attending a couple of classes fades by. Here they also teach us how to face group discussion and personal interview, besides grammar lessons.It is an overall grooming of the personality,\" Sushmita added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027710", "title": "Bangalore needs rain-drain system", "text": "BANGALORE: Pre-monsoon showers are in. And monsoon isn't far away. The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), however, appears unmoved as locations in the city vulnerable to water-logging and flooding during heavy rain continue to remain death traps with their storm water drains remaining open and uncovered.Post-monsoon faultlines have been baring their fangs with a frightening regularity. On May 31, 2009, a six-year-old boy, Abhishek, was washed down a storm water drain during heavy rain. Three months later, an 18-month-old infant, Vijay Kumar , vanished in a flooded drain leading to Madiwala lake. BBMP failed to even retrieve the children's bodies, reflecting the fact that it had no clue about the city's vast network of drains.Sadly, three years later, not much has changed in these localities, as a reality check by the Times of India revealed. In the narrow bylanes of Shamanna Layout in Lingarajapuram where Abhishek died three years ago, monsoon preparation works are only half way through. Residents complain that nothing was really done in the wake of Abhishek's death.\"Water-logging is the real issue but BBMP has not addressed this. Only 40% of the drains in the area have been covered since that tragedy,\" said Paresh Sharma (name changed), a medical shop owner in Shamanna Layout.The huge Ejipura drain too lies dangerously uncovered. Locals said their many petitions to BBMP to cover it have elicited no response.\"We have been complaining about this problem for the past five to six years. Last year's monsoon brought in its wake a flood of sewage into our living rooms. Though the water receded fast, the stench hung on for days,\" said Father Balraj, Parish Priest, Infant Jesus Church.Even the gods are not spared. The sanctum sanctorum of the Gali Anjaneya Swamy temple, Mysore Road, getting inundated with sewage water whenever it rains is an annual phenomenon.Srinivasa Ramanujam, the temple priest, said that BBMP had undertaken some repair work. \"Last year, we were neck-deep in rain water,\" he said, pointing to a red line drawn on one of the temple's walls to mark the level to which the water rose that year in the temple.\"Temple gates broke under the pressure. BBMP started working after last year's flooding. They have built a compound wall around the temple,'' he said.__ Alekha Acharya, Pallavi Manoj'We are prepared'\"We are prepared for the upcoming monsoon. I have warned officials to be alert to flooding points like Gali Anjaneyaswamy temple and Ejipura. We have also instructed the control rooms to be alert to monsoon-related complaints. I will shortly launch a Mayor's helpline for public to contact me and bring to my notice any complaints. No rain-related accidents will occur this year.\"----D Venkatesh Murthy | Mayor\"Low-lying areas and valleys are vulnerable to flooding during monsoon. It's an engineering requirement for BBMP to prioritize the vulnerable points and take up measures to stop flooding by creating the necessary slopes to facilitate smoother flow of rain water. BBMP must first have maps of its own drains which were actually missing during Abhishek's accident. Public must be extra cautious and take care of their little children. Drains must not be clogged and water run off must be allowed. BBMP can have perforated covers for storm water drains.\"-Swathi Ramanathan | Co-founder, Janaagraha Centre for Citizenship and Democracy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028299", "title": "National Institute of Design to recreate Hampi in cyberspace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Imagine getting the power to recreate history as it existed 500 years ago and witness it today in real-time. 'Indian Digital Hampi' is such an initiative taken up by the Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, to create digital user experiences that communicate effectively for dissemination.Hampi in Karnataka, declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986, holds great importance according to the Hindu mythology, Ramayana. The National Institute of Design (NID) is a member of the culture group put together by DST which will focus on civic/civil architecture, arts and artifacts in context of Hampi bazaars.NID's role is to create a design perspective where the socio-cultural aspects of life, trade and commerce during Vijayanagara period, visualization of the life events and reconstruction of Hampi bazaar streets would form the important components. Mamata Rao, principal investigator for this project and associate senior faculty, NID Bangalore, said: \"The study would attempt to construct knowledgebase in the historical, technical, cultural, design aspects of Vijayanagara times based on the specific context of Hampi bazaars.\"Pradyumna Vyas, Director, NID, Ahmedabad, said: \"Beyond simply storing and sharing the heritage data and knowledge, the emerging technologies in computer vision, graphics, audio and video offers the prospect of creating vivid experiences of the heritage for common users.\" Also expertise of professional photographer Deepak Mathew, faculty at NID Ahmedabad, has been taken to do digital photography for Hampi Project. Rao adds, \"The project duration is of three years and a striking feature is that we plan to look at textual descriptions given by travellers, scholars on urban layout of Hampi with the objective of creating an icon based map for Hampi of the past and create walk through immersive virtual experiences for people for a web-based platform.\"The team is also looking at creating a web-based interface for archiving and presenting the work done so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027204", "title": "CPM asks Congress to name presidential candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM on Sunday asked the Congress to formally announce its presidential nominee first and said it will take a stand on the top post only after that.The party's politburo met here on Sunday and discussed the feedback received during its discussions with leaders like SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and NCP chief Sharad Pawar.The four Left parties had met on Friday with their leaders favouring a consensus candidate for the President's post.CPM sources said the Congress should first announce its nominee and a decision would be taken only after that. The politburo meeting, which came after the party's Kozhikode congress last month, also took stock of organizational matters and decided work distribution among the top leadership.Senior CPM leaders M A Baby, Surjakanta Mishra and A K Padmanabhan, the new faces in the politburo, attended the meeting. Former West Bengal CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was absent on health grounds.The CPM leadership is understood to have decided to keenly watch the meeting between West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and US secretary of state Hillary Clinton to be held in Kolkata on Monday.After the meeting, Biman Basu, West Bengal Left Front chairman, expressed surprise over reports that Clinton would be discussing issues like Teesta river water sharing and FDI in retail with Banerjee.Basu told reporters that the Teesta issue was a bilateral matter between India and Bangladesh, while FDI in retail was a purely internal matter of India. \"There can be no outside interference in these matters. The US must not interfere in internal matters. CMs must speak to the PM. US interference can't be tolerated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13028939", "title": "Miscreants set three two-wheelers afire", "text": "GONDIA: Miscreants set afire three two-wheelers of Hemantkumar Patle (50) in Bangaon village, Amgaon tehsil, on Friday midnight. The vehicles were kept in the compound of Patle's house. Prima facie it looks to be an act of enmity.On Friday, Patle had gone to Ambetalao to attend a marriage function. He returned home around 11pm and parked his two-wheeler in his compound and went to sleep. Around midnight one of the tenants of Patle, Vasant Bisen noticed some fire in one of three two-wheelers. He raised an alarm and went to Patle's room to inform him about the fire. Patle's door was closed from outside and the miscreants had put some garbage in front of the door.Soon Patle came out and along with Bisen tried to extinguish the fire. But to their dismay the miscreants had closed the valve of the overhead water tank. Bt the time they could open the valve and all the three two-wheelers - Hero Honda Splendor, Hero Honda Pleasure and TVS Vego - had caught fire and were badly damaged. No casualty was reported.At around 2am on Saturday the matter was reported to Amgaon police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019478", "title": "Poonam Pandey is a compulsive liar: Rozlyn Khan", "text": "Now that Karan Kakkar murder case is behind her, Gladrags model and actress Rozlyn Khan is ready to face life, head-on.Final statement givenThe gal says: \"I have recently given my final statement to Crime Branch, at Bandra, Mumbai and they have told me that they won't require me any further. So, now life is turning back to normal.\"Backlash for PETA adRozlyn recently did a bold ad for PETA India, which was widely appreciated. Compliment her on this and she rues: \"Along with adulation, I also got a lot of backlash for that ad! Since it appeared soon after the Karan Kakkar murder case, and depicted me all blood-smeared and getting into water, people said that I was trying to garner publicity after the case. That really hurt me!\"No comparisons with Poonam Pandey!Does she realise that many people are trying to compare her with wannabe actress Poonam Pandey these days because of her bold ads? Getting upset, Rozlyn replies: \"Just because I have done a breast awareness ad and the latest PETA India ad creating awareness about cruelty free cosmetics, it doesn't mean that I'm like Poonam Pandey! I have done these things for a cause, whereas she's a porn artist and a compulsive liar!\"Lies galore!She says: \"It's really amazing that people and media keep believing Poonam Pandey despite and in spite of her myriad lies. First she said that she was going to strip for Team India and vanished from the scene when the time came! Then she kept harping that she was going to be in Bigg Boss and it turned out to be a huge lie! Now her latest lie has been caught that she's not doing any film, when she has been boasting about it to all and sundry for days, and people still trust this liar! It is pathetic!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026739", "title": "Indefinite fast: Health of retd officer deteriorates", "text": "JAIPUR: The health condition of a retired defence officer, sitting on an indefinite fast for the past eight days in front of his house in Jawahar Nagar demanding arrest of his father's killers, has deteriorated.Fifty-five-year-old Yashwant Prakash Sharma, an Anna Hazare follower, began his fast on April 29. He is accusing the police of shielding some influential men and demanding a CBI probe into the murder of his father Anand Swaroop, whose body was found in an abandoned house in Pratap Nagar in January.\"I am feeling physically weak, but I am more determined mentally,\" Sharma told TOI on Sunday.A couple of politicians including Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and Congress leader Rajeev Arora met him on Saturday and assured him of taking his demand to the chief minister.\"The parliamentarian has shown me a letter which he wrote to chief minister Ashok Gehlot , requesting a CBI probe in the case. Joshi has said in the letter that there were enough grounds in my allegations of some influential people being shielded by the police,\" said Sharma. He himself has written to the director general of police and additional director general of police to draw their attention towards the loopholes in the police investigation held in his father's murder.Sharma alleged that he was being pressurized to end the fast. \"I had started my agitation from Dussehra grounds after taking approval from the committee which looks after the place's affairs. However, the next day of the fast, a police team came there and asked me to end the agitation. I refused,\" said Sharma.Sharma voluntarily offered that he be arrested if he was violating any law. However, a police team went to the Dussehra grounds committee's secretary and pressurized him to move me out of the place, he alleged.\"So, I had to shift the place of agitation. Now I am sitting in front of my house,\" said Sharma.The body of retired census officer Anand Swaroop, who went missing from his house in Jawahar Nagar's Barf Khana area on January 20, was found in an abandoned house at Pratap Nagar on January 27. The man's throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon. The police had arrested Rajendra Singh who had a property dispute with the deceased and one Devkishan alias Diwan.However, Sharma said there were more people involved in the murder. \"The names of these people including Rajendra's brother have been brought to the notice of the police several times, but nothing has been done,\" Sharma alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028479", "title": "Ignoring marriageable age a threat to newborn", "text": "INDORE: Ignoring the right age of marriage and conceiving (preferably 20-25 years of age) may lead to pre-mature baby and risk life of a newborn. According to health experts, changing lifestyle, rising health and nutrition problems, early or late marriages, smoking, excessive workload are among the few reasons that a pre-term baby is born. Such babies have low birth weight and carry higher risk of mortality.According to Dr Sumitra Yadav, associate professor, Obs and Gynae department at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), the state's largest government-run hospital, there are several reasons for premature deliveries and deaths. Among them, teenage marriage or late marriage with late pregnancy along with poor health and nutrition and harmful habits are the leading reasons.\"Lack of facilities and awareness, especially among rural masses, and late pregnancies in married couples are causes of complications. Moreover, teenage marriages are yet to be curbed and simultaneously the new generation has be cautious about their lifestyle if looking for healthy baby,\" Dr Yadav says.An MYH estimate reveals that on an average 1,000 babies per month are delivered, out of which 20-30 per cent are pre-term deliveries due to one or the other reasons and nearly 20 per cent of this segment are due to lifestyle problems. Even if the baby is given care under Sick Newborn Care Unit (SNCU), it may not have normal growth like a healthy baby, the study adds.According to the recently released report by the World Health Organisation (WHO), the country reports the highest number preemie deaths or babies born before time. The records say around 35 lakh children were born pre-term in the country in 2010. Of these, 3.03 lakh children died due to health complications. Madhya Pradesh is significantly contributing to the number as it recorded highest Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) with 62 deaths per 1,000 live births in all the states. Doctors say most of these deaths are neonatal and nearly 30 deaths per 1,000 live births are due to pre-term deliveries. Dr G S Patel, professor, department of pediatrics at MYH says, \"Nearly 30 per cent babies are delivered with low birth date. In the case of neonatal deaths, nearly 50 per cent are pre-term deaths. Mortality rate is high if a baby is delivered pre-mature with weight of less than 1.5 kg.\"Pre-Term DeliveriesWhat's need to be doneProper and balanced dietGive up bad habits like smoking and alcoholNot to take excessive workloadAvoid teenage marriages and late pregnancies after late marriagesIn numbers30% are low birth weight babies out of 11,000-13,000 deliveries in a year at MYHIn MP alone, low birth weight babies accounts to 30-35 per centIn the case of neonatal deaths, 50% are pre-term deathsIndia ranks highest deaths of preemies followed by Nigeria, Pakistan and China", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026850", "title": "4 kids hospitalized with food poisoning", "text": "JAIPUR: Four children were admitted to the JK Lon hospital in serious condition due to food poisoning after they consumed stale food on Sunday.The hospital officials said the victims were Abhishek (8), Shakshi (7), Divyanshi (2) and Anjali (4). The children are residents of Bassi area.Abhishek and Shakshi's father Dayaram said, \"There was a function in our house on Saturday evening. On Sunday morning, the children ate leftover sweets after which they complained of vomiting and stomach aliment.\"When the condition of children started deteriorating, they were rushed to the JK Lon hospital and were admitted to the medicine ward.A doctor said that they have kept the children under observation for 24 hours. \"At present, their condition is stable. We have administered IV fluids and given doses of antibiotics,\" said Dr SD Sharma, superintendent of the hospital.He further said that these children were brought to the hospital in serious condition. \"In summers, children should take special precautions, as bacteria present in unhygienic food can make them ill. Children should eat only fresh food during summers,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13028070", "title": "Aerial surveillance of Maoist-hit areas", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy inspector general (DIG) of coal belt region, Laxman Prasad Singh and his CRPF counterpart, Rajeev Ranjan on Sunday conducted aerial surveillance of Maoist-hit Jhumra hills where security personnel have recently launched combing Operation Thunder in search of rebels.This was the third day of the anti-Maoist search operation in the area led by Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi under Gomia block.More than 1,000 district police officers, Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) and CRPF personnel have been pressed into action to carry out the operation.The DIG conducted aerial-surveillance to monitor the anti-Maoist operation in the area. They took a closer look of the hilly terrain covered with dense forest and accordingly instructed the officials about their next course of action.\"Situation is so far normal. The operation is still on. We conducted aerial survey to boost the morale of the security personnel and monitor the situation ,\" said Ranjan.The search operation is being conducted in jungles following a tip-off about Maoist movement in the area led by leaders Navin Manjhi and Ajay Mahto.Manjhi is a dreaded naxalite leader wanted in several cases. Intelligence inputs reveal the presence of more than hundred Maoists with Manjhi and Mahto.Following the information, Dwivedi along with security personnel has entered the Jhumra forest. Several teams of security personnel are conducting raids in and around the area.Dwivedi said security personnel in heavy numbers have been pressed into action to carry out intensive raids in the forest area.He was conducting a search operation at Baltharwa and Jamnijara area situated atop Jhumra on Sunday.\"Aerial surveillance will help the police officers and security personnel get a better understanding of the area and instill confidence in them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028305", "title": "National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development slaps 'manpower' fee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Virendra Shah, 54, a city-based professional, was shocked when the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) office in Ahmedabad slapped a bill of Rs 2,300 for demanding information regarding the subsidies awarded to beneficiaries for buying pebble-sifting machines of a particular company in Gujarat under RTI.This fee was not calculated on the number of pages that were supposed to be given to Shah under RTI, but NABARD demanded the fee against 'manpower deployed' for gathering Shah's information. Interestingly, RTI Act does not have any such provision for charging applicants for manpower deployed.Sortex machines are used extensively for sifting pebbles and other impurities from a large consignment of pulses, rice, and wheat. Sortex machines are a must for those who export packed food articles and the central government offers 25 per cent subsidy to buy this machine under its Agriculture Marketing Infrastructure Scheme.Interestingly, when NABARD did provide information on the number of beneficiaries in Gujarat, it turned out to be nil till February 2010. Elsewhere in the country, nearly 276 beneficiaries were awarded subsidies to buy Sortex machines by this time during the same period since its launch in 2005.NABARD had initially refused to reveal the names and addresses of the beneficiaries claiming that the information was confidential. \"They did not extend the facility to anyone and had no information. All other NABARD offices in the country had provided me information within 30 days ,\" claims Shah. It was then that Shah filed several RTI pleas to know under what circumstances NABARD was refusing to entertain any applications for Sortex machines.\"NABARD took one-and-a-half years to respond to my RTI application. I helped five of my clients procure subsidies for Sortex machines by using RTIs with NABARD till 2011. Today, NABARD has threatened to blacklist me,\" says Shah.The Sortex machine subsidy scheme was introduced to help farmers increase their quality of food packaging. Each of these machines may cost anywhere between Rs 17 lakh and above and NABARD sponsors 25 per cent of the total investment cost. \"The central government scheme has not specified that it is for farmers only, then why is this hesitation? Sortex machines will go into villages if NABARD encourages this scheme and farmers can clear off impurities at 50 paise per kilogram and a nearly 40 per cent escalation for the farmers produce,\" says Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027208", "title": "Trident lamps land city in carbon credit debt", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a 'poribartan' that Kolkata could perhaps have done without. The new trident lights, that came in with the change of government in the state, might have brightened our streets, but have landed the city in a carbon credit debt that it will find difficult to wipe out.More than 44,000 tonnes of harmful carbon dioxide is being spewed into the environment to keep the fancy posts - each of which holds three lamps - aglow. Two lakh sixty-seven thousand full-grown trees are needed to absorb the emission. Less than 10,000 new trees have been planted in the city in the last one year.Other than imposing a burden of several crores on the state exchequer, the posts use up 54 watts of electricity each. Considering they glow for 10 hours everyday, the 20,000 posts that adorn our pavements are responsible for the production of a phenomenal 44,530 tonnes of carbon dioxide every year. Environmentalists pointed out that this was an unnecessary pollution burden on a state and a city whichs follow few pollution norms. Kolkata emits 93 lakh tonnes of carbon di-oxide every year.\"Since most of our power plants are thermal-based, we can assume that almost the entire electricity needed to light the trident posts is leading to carbon di-oxide emission. One mega watt of coal-based power generation for an hour leads to the emission of 1,124.5 kg of carbon di-oxide. So, we can hardly afford to add to this huge pollution load,\" said environmentalist Kingshuk Sen.A carbon credit is a generic term for any tradable certificate or permit representing the right to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide or the mass of another greenhouse gas with a carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e) equivalent to one tonne of carbon dioxide. Green activists pointed out that the city, already in the red, would slip into an irretrievable position in terms of the carbon credit debt that it has been running up.\"At this rate, Kolkata can never even attempt to turn into a green city. Beautification is welcome but it can't be done at the cost of the environment. Nearly 97% of the electricity consumed in West Bengal is generated in thermal power plants. Emission is already very high and it's being needlessly augmented by the trident posts,\" said green activist Subhas Datta. He, however, was not in favour of doing away with the posts. \"They could be gradually switched off after 11pm to minimize consumption. It can't be denied that the posts look good but we can't ignore either the environmental cost or the financial burden,\" said Datta.While the KMC undertakes a tree-planting exercise every year, it has not been a huge success. The efforts made by the state forest department have also been sketchy.Even though the civic authorities claim that 90% of the saplings planted by them over the last five years have survived, environmentalists believe it's actually less than 40%. They also alleged that no effort is made to ensure compensatory plantation for trees chopped to make way for developmental projects like the Metro. \"We are losing more trees and emitting more carbon dioxide than ever before,\" said Datta.Saplings, Sen explained, were not enough neutralize carbon dioxide emission. \"You need at least six 50 tonne trees to absorb one tonne of carbon dioxide a year. So, planting saplings won't be enough. We need to ensure that they survive and grow reasonably fast,\" he said.One way to check the emission load would be to convert the trident lamps to solar energy , some green activists pointed out. It wouldn't cost more than Rs 8000 per post, said Sudipto Bhattacharya of Saviours and Friends of Environment (SAFE) - a green NGO. \"Solar panels can be installed at a cost of Rs 24000. It will consume no electricyt and hence there won't be any emission at all,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13027673", "title": "ComedK test: Chemistry tough, maths paper too lengthy", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a mixed bag on offer for undergraduate professional course aspirants who appeared for the entrance test organized by the Consortium of Medical, Engineering and Dental Colleges of Karnataka (ComedK) on Sunday.According to experts, all in all, the test was of average difficulty level, with some sections easy and formula-based, while others tricky and drawn out.\"As far as the biology section is concerned, the questions were very easy and an average student can get as many as 52-55 answers right out of 60. There were 21 questions from the I PU level and the rest from the II PU,\" said PL Seetharam, professor, BASE coaching centre.Experts rated physics and chemistry papers as standard on difficulty level. \"Some of the questions in physics section were highly concept-based, while some were simply based on formula. Tough questions cropped up from 'Mechanics' and 'Current and Electricity' chapters. Similarly, good application of thought process would have helped students in the case of chemistry. It was an intelligent paper with no ambiguity,\" said KG Rathnakar, professor, BASE coaching centre.Aspirants found chemistry the toughest paper. \"Physics was easy as most of the questions were formula-oriented. I found chemistry tough and tricky, especially the numerical section had some difficult problems,\" said K Nithin Kumar, a student who appeared for the test at KNS Institute of Technology.In general, students found mathematics paper lengthy. \"Questions carrying one mark were very lengthy. Although the problems were formula-based and of average difficulty level, the calculation process made the paper lengthy,\" said Nithin.Medical aspirants found biology section easy, as analyzed by the experts. \"Biology was very easy and well designed to be completed in the time limit. I am expecting good result,\" said Sharmistha Dutta, a student.As many as 80,700 registered for the test on Sunday for nearly 20,000 seats in 12 medical, 25 dental and 154 engineering in private unaided professional education institutions in Karnataka. The test that took place at 114 centres across the state passed off peacefully.Duplicate hall tickets issuedDuplicate hall tickets were issued at all centres for candidates who were not carrying them or misplaced them at the last moment. The duplicate document was given after tallying it with the application form number or test admission ticket number of the candidate.\"The facility of issuing duplicate hall ticket reduced the anxiety of students. There were many who came without the hall tickets and DOB certificate, but were allowed to enter the examination hall. It was only the passport size photograph of the candidates that was a must and without those candidates were not let in,\" said Kamelia Dutta, a guardian at Sri Bhagwan Mahaveer Jain College, VV Puram.Some reached lateOn one hand, there were students who reached the test centre without the required documents, on the other hand, there were some who missed the test as they were new to the city. Niladh Nilottpal, a student, who reached Bangalore on Saturday from Jharkhand , could not write the test as he reached the centre late. \"We started on time, but lost our way in between. It is my first visit to the city and so was not familiar with the routes. The auto driver, who got us to the centre, also seemed confused with the roads and thus we landed late at the centre by 15 minutes. My bad luck,\" said a disappointed Niladh at KNS Institute of Technology.7 debarred for everNine students were caught for indulging in malpractices. In Bangalore, seven students were caught for impersonation while two cases were reported from Tumkur. All were handed over to the police.\"We are yet to get the details on the two cases reported in Tumkur. As far as the seven impersonation cases in Bangalore are concerned, they will never be allowed to appear for ComedK,'' said AS Srikanth, chief executive, ComedK.The attendancePhysics and chemistry: 85%Mathematics: 88%Biology: 81%The answer keys are available at the ComedK website-- www.comedk.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028713", "title": "Moms-to-be, watch your weight", "text": "When 34-year-old Renuka, a software engineer, put on over 4 kg just in the fourth month of her pregnancy, her gynaecologist recommended a blood sugar test. Renuka, pregnant with her second child, was diagnosed with 'gestational diabetes ' or diabetes during pregnancy.Renuka's first delivery was normal but she was asked to undergo a Caesarean during her second pregnancy as her rising sugar levels posed threat to the child. Gynaecologists and endocrinologists say obesity coupled with genetic factors and lack of physical activity are leading to gestational diabetes among pregnant women in India.In the country, the prevalence rate of gestational diabetes, also known as Type 3 diabetes, is said to be about 3.8% to 21%, with more prevalence in urban areas (2%-7 %). In Bangalore, doctors said the prevalence is about 5%-10 %.Said Dr Gayathri Kamath, consultant gynaecologist, Fortis Hospitals: \"Gestational diabetes is becoming more common these days. We see about 1-3 of borderline or high sugar level during pregnancy every day. A woman, with a family history of diabetes or obesity, is likely to contract it.\"The second trimester of pregnancy is said to be critical as women start putting on weight from the fourth month. Said Dr Dwarkanath CS, senior consultant endocrinologist , Apollo Hospitals: \"A lot of hormonal changes happen during pregnancy , which can affect the balance of glucose levels in the body. High level of blood sugar during pregnancy can lead to metabolic abnormalities in the foetus. The infant, born to a diabetic mother, can also face complications like low calcium , low sugar, severe jaundice or respiratory disorders.\" The risk factors for gestational diabetes are age (above 25 years), family or personal health history of diabetes, excessive weight gain and non-white race.Dr Devika Gunasheela, chairperson, Gunasheela Maternity Hospital, said: \"Gestational diabetes is not only harmful for mothers but for infants too. It can lead to complications during delivery. Also, the child could be born with deformity in the spinal chord or lungs. Sometimes, the child's wind and food pipe can get connected and the baby also runs the risk of contracting diabetes at a later stage in life.\"What To EatDr Rebecca Raj, head, nutrition and lifestyle management clinic, St. John's Medical Collage and Hospital, said: \"A healthy diet with plenty of fibre, fruits and vegetables along with regular exercise can help in avoiding excessive weight gain. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes should eat adequate amounts of high-fibre carbohydrates like wheat bread, oats, brown rice, phulkas, whole grams (channa, rajma, green gram). They must eat a variety of lean protein like fish and chicken. Try to eat at least two fruits and three portions of vegetables daily. Limit the amount of high sugar, salt and fatty food and junk food. Drink 8 glasses of water/liquids daily. The meal pattern should be three small meals with 2-3 snacks.\" \"Walking is good but it is important to consult the doctor before starting an exercise schedule,\" she said.Insulin Shot\"A woman with gestational diabetes must alter her diet and lifestyle during the pregnancy period. If blood sugar is not controlled with diet and exercise, then doctor prescribes insulin shot to control diabetes,\" said Dr Praveen, consultant endocrinologist, Columbia Asia Hospital.Long-term ManagementIt is important to monitor blood glucose levels of the patient with gestational diabetes six weeks after delivery and at regular intervals. If glucose levels are normal post-partum , the same should be reassessed at a minimum of 3-year intervals. Women with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance in the post-partum period should be tested for diabetes annually and be provided with medical nutrition therapy and regular exercise advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13030557", "title": "Manisha Yadav in Suseendran\u2019s next", "text": "Vazhakku Enn 18/9 released this Friday has received rave reviews and is being well received by audience. The movie which has Manisha Yadav in the lead has brought appreciations for her role. Adding to it the heroine has found herself a place in Suseendran's next movie.The Azhagar Saamiyin Kutihirai director on viewing Vazhakku Enn 18/9 seems to be impressed by Manisha's performance and the way she had carried the role to perfection. On the director approaching for a role in his next movie, Manisha immediately gave her nod grabbing the opportunity.With Suseendran's script fetching Manisha, the other leads and technicians are yet to be finalized for this untitled projectSource: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13028728", "title": "The taxman who writes to destress", "text": "BANGALORE: When he is not looking into the fortunes of politicians or prominent businessmen to check if they have paid their taxes to the last rupee, chief commissioner of income tax K Satyanarayana is penning a novel on societal transitions or is on Skype with his children in the US.As a little boy in rural Mandya, he was good with numbers. \"I studied in a government Kannada medium school. Like for any boy from the hinterland, there was a passion to succeed. My mother Lakshmi Narasamma would always say I would be successful. That was a great encouragement,\" he says, whose other pastime is trekking.After topping Mysore University in MA (Economics), he cleared the Indian Revenue Service ( IRS ) in 1978. \"Those days clearing the civil service was not easy. You had to be highly self-motivated. Today there are so many coaching centres for students to seek guidance. Back then bureaucracy was a service, today it's a career. The cream of the students no more joins civil services,\" he regrets.A career spanning 33 years has seen him assessing income tax and conducting raids on some of the most prominent politicians, top business houses in Mumbai, Nagpur, Karnataka, Chennai, Visakhapatnam and Kolhapur. \"My most challenging assignment was when I was posted as deputy director (investigation) as also my first posting as assistant commissioner of IT in Bangalore in 1979. I was new. I would panic when I got telephone threats when I touched the fortunes of the high and the mighty. But with experience comes maturity. I have learnt to take them in my stride now.\"So when did the love for writing begin? \"I was awed by the respect that writers and academics commanded from the public while I was at college. I realized that I must command respect through my work.''Truly, it's all in a day for Satyanarayana. \"There is no scheduled time for pursuing my literary interests in a job like this. Mentally I am always writing and recording my observations. And during weekends or late night I pen them down.''The result of this is Satyanarayana's 21 books published so far, two Sahitya Academy awards and a Masti Puraskara last year. He published his first novel, Ondu Kathanakada Moolaka, in 1988. \"There was no looking back since. I told myself I will keep writing. It's three decades now since I began writing. I have written short stories, essays and novels. That's my biggest stress-buster.''His wife, Sumitra Satyanarayana, intervenes, \"There are times when he stays up the whole night and writes. When his father KS Krishnamurthy passed away, he was shattered. But he chose to put all his emotions into his writing. The tough taxman is a lenient father at home. There were no restrictions for our children when they were growing up.''The high-pressure job where he deals with the CBI and Lokayukta does not affect his family life. The doting father regularly skypes with his daughter Priyamvada who is settled in Virginia , US, and son Chandan S who is pursuing his MS at University of Pennysylvania.After three decades with the department, Satyanarayana is as passionate about his job as he was when he started his career. \"The department handles 4 crore people every year. And we are handling their money. There is no scope for complacency because as much as we scrutinize the public, we are under scrutiny.\"A 30-minute walk followed by stretches is a must every morning before he sets out for the day. \"I am not religious but I am spiritual. I don't step out without saying my prayer,'' he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13028216", "title": "'Guerrilla zone' in south India ready", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Maoists are getting ready to declare a guerrilla zone in south India. It includes the tribal areas in the Western Ghats in Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. The group has already alerted its over-ground cadre in these states of the possible 'police repression' in the event of a sensational action that would mark the declaration of the guerrilla zone.Sources said the declaration had been delayed following an encounter between the Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) and the Maoists at Belthangady in Karnataka on March 10, 2012. The ANF recovered large quantity of arms and ammunitions, besides Maoist literature in Malayalam, Kannada and Tamil from the camp in Belthangady after the encounter.It is learnt that ANF also seized detailed maps of the area of the proposed guerrilla zone from the camp. This exposed the Maoists' plans, forcing them to delay the declaration of the guerrilla zone.Usually such a declaration is made through a high profile attack on security forces or some government installation. It is believed that the members of the Peoples Liberation Guerrilla Army of the Maoists had assembled at the Belthangady camp to chalk out the attack plans.The plan to set up a guerrilla zone in the Western Ghats area was found in Maoist documents way back in 2001. The CPI-ML (People's War), which later merged with the Maoist Communist Centre, had planned to carve out a base in these areas as it was found suitable for guerrilla warfare. But that plan did not materialize due to various reasons. Kerala police are also aware of the Maoist plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13028205", "title": "Unit-I market barricades anger vegetable traders", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The recent construction of some low-lying barricades by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) in Unit-I daily market has infuriated vegetable traders. They alleged that the structures were obstructing trucks and other vehicles from entering the market to deliver and transport vegetables. Vendors from 26 daily markets in Bhubaneswar and nearby towns rely on the Unit-I haat, the biggest daily market in the state capital.More than hundred truck-loads of vegetables (nearly 2,000 tonnes) are imported to the Unit-I market from different places everyday. \"BMC created obstruction on our path by building lowheight gates. Heavy vehicles cannot enter the market due to the gates. We face difficulty in transporting vegetables in small containers like autovans and rickshaws,\" said Biranchi Narayan Mishra, working president of Rajdhani Haat Mahasangha Samanway Samiti, an association of the vegetable vendors in the city.\"The gates would also create difficulty for fire engines from entering the market if a mishap occurs. The crammed Unit-I market witnessed several fire accidents in the past,\" said Gayadhar Swain, general secretary of the Samiti.\"If BMC does not remove the gates within three days, we would protest,\" Swain added. Some vegetable vendors of Unit-I on Saturday threatened to shutdown the market from Monday protesting the barricades. They even demanded immediate establishment of the proposed vegetable mandi in Sampur mouza on the city outskirt.BMC mayor A N Jena said the barricades were imperative in view of traffic hazards due to movement of heavy vehicles in the congested market area, home to around 3,000 vendors.\"Schools and residences of many senior government officers, ministers and MLAs in the area. The trucks were creating traffic problems regularly,\" Jena said. \"We are allowing trucks to halt near the gates. The vendors can transport vegetables up to the gate in light vehicles,\" Jena added. Meanwhile, the traders are up in arms against BMC's recent hike in daily tax collection from small vendors in the city markets. A few days ago, the civic body enhanced daily collection to Rs 5 from Re 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026866", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation fails to provide documents to team probing charges against mayor", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) administration seems in no mood to co-operate with the investigative team looking into the charges of financial irregularities allegedly committed by mayor Jyoti Khandelwal.Following the directions by chief minister Ashok Gehlot to probe the charges against Khandelwal, the local funds and audit department had asked the concerned officials to provide necessary documents.While the investigation was initiated in January 2012, the department is yet to get hold of the required documents, and as a result, has not yet been able to submit the report to the CM. The team was asked to submit the report within a month.In this regard, it wrote to the mayor on Friday (May 4, 2012) to direct the concerned officials to provide the documents within three days. The letter read: \"The department had written on 2.04.2012 to provide the necessary documents on the 23 points that are part of the investigation within three days, but till date those are yet to be provided.\"It further mentioned that \"The investigative team had sent official memo to the chief executive officer of JMC 23 times. It also wrote to the principal secretary, local self government department.\"\"Despite being directed by higher authorities to probe into the charges, we have not been provided with documents which is unfortunate,\" said department director M L Sharma.Mayor Khandewal however claimed that, \"Directions were given to the officials to provide all the documents required for the investigation. In this regard, the note- sheet has also been issued three times. After receiving the letter, I have called a meeting on Tuesday.\" She even alleged that the \"officials are doing this intentionally as they have joined hands with BJP councilors\".The mayor had declared her residence as 'Mayor House', at which the investigative team had questioned the mayor about the basis on which the claim was made, and if she had taken permission from the government before buying furniture for her office.The team also sought water and electricity bills to study the amount of money spent on maintenance of the mayor's office-cum-residence.Whereas, city Mayor, Jyoti Khandelwal, claims, The city mayor has declared her residence as the Mayor house, for the investigation the teams has asked documents of rules and regulation and the permission of the state government for declaring residence as Mayor House. The team has also, supportive documents to know whether the city mayor has taken permission from the state government for purchasing table, air condition and carpet at her office.The team has also asked, how much expenditure is been done on the maintenance of city mayors office cum residence and sought water and electricity bill in this regard for the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13027553", "title": "Cleric seeks 20% share for Shias in welfare schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shia cleric Kalbe Jawwad has demanded representation of Shia Muslims in state government. Addressing a Shia Mahasammelan here on Sunday, he said Shia Muslims should get at least one cabinet and two state minister berths in the Akhilesh government.He also demanded 20 per cent share for Shia Muslims in all the government schemes being run for Muslims welfare. \"Both state and the Central governments have been ignoring Shia Muslims. As a result, majority of the community lives in penury. In order to ensure their welfare, Shias should get 20% share in all the welfare schemes for Muslims being run by the governments,\" Jawwad told reporters.Jawwad, also a member of All India Muslim Personal Law Board, said political parties should stop treating Muslims, particularly Shias, as vote banks. The event which was attended by clerics and Muslims from all over the state was seen as 'a show of strength' by him as he is facing the heat of probe by Shia Waqf Board.Earlier, Shia cleric and vice-president of All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) Maulana Kalbe Sadiq had shot off a letter to Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav with a similar demand and expressed displeasure over the 'neglect' of the community, especially the Shia Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13034203", "title": "Nitish reacts to Lalu's comments on handshake with Modi", "text": "PATNA: Calling his bete noire Lalu Prasad a 'frustrated man' in response to Prasad's comments about his shaking hands with his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi in New Delhi, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has hinted it was, however, an unavoidable situation.\"It was a chief ministers' meeting on the proposed NCTC. If anybody shakes hand how can one avoid such a situation,\" Kumar said last night when on arrival from New Delhi reporters sought his response about Prasad's comment on the issue.\"Lalu Prasad is frustrated and such comments are (borne) out of sheer mental bankruptcy\", Kumar said with a smile.Lalu Prasad, the RJD chief, had yesterday questioned the 'secular credentials' of Kumar in the wake of the latter's exchange of pleasantries with his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi at the NCTC conference.\"Kumar's secular credentials have come under scrutiny once again after he shook hands with Modi and exchanged pleasantries with him in full media glare at yesterday's conference of the chief ministers on the NCTC in New Delhi\", Lalu Prasad had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13028416", "title": "More services to be brought under Sakaala", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011 aka Sakaala will soon encompass at least 200 services up from the 151 services offered by 11 departments now. The citizens charter operational in other states such as Punjab and Bihar do not offer more than 30 to 40 services at present, CM DV Sadananda Gowda said. \"The decision to bring in more services under the ambit of the Act will be taken in consultation with the officials concerned,\" he added. Nearly 9.36 lakh applications are filed since the act was launched on a pilot basis across four taluks on March 1. The act was rolled out across Karnataka from April 2. Out of them, 7.94 lakh applications have been cleared so far, CM told at a DK district review meeting here on Sunday.The CM said the success of Sakaala can be understood from an unofficial request made by the regional passport officer if passport verification offered by home department can be taken off the ambit of services. \"They are flooded with verified applications by the police and are unable to keep pace,\" he noted.Taking note of the status report presented by IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy on increased presence of Naxalites in Dakshina Kannada, CM said a high-powered committee headed by chief secretary and consisting of senior officials has been constituted to expedite the pace of development in such areas. \"I have also requested National Development Council at its recent meeting to bring Karnataka under the ambit of naxal-infested state,\" CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13026779", "title": "Mobiles in Bhondsi jail: Official held", "text": "GURGAON: A warder at Bhondsi Jail was arrested on Sunday for supplying mobile phones to inmates, said police. After the jail administration searched the premises, it seized two mobile phones from three inmates. FIRs have been lodged against these inmates.The matter was discovered on Friday when the accused warder Pawan Kumar was on duty. Cops said after completing his duty Kumar went to the jail toilet and dropped three mobile phones into the toilet flush. Some other warders saw him do so and informed senior officers on Saturday morning.\"On Saturday morning, deputy superintendent Shahid Hussain directed that the phones be retrieved from the flush. Finally, the phones were found from a a gutter,\" said an officer. In the meantime, the accused had fled from the jail premises.On Hussain's complaint, Bhondsi police lodged an FIR against Kumar and arrested him on Sunday morning.Subsequently, jail administration also launched a search in the jail and found two mobile phones from three inmates. One mobile phone handset was seized from one Ravi alias Nanda, who has been facing a murder charge. Another mobile phone and its battery were found in possession of Ravinder Dahiya and Sudhir. Both have been convicted in murder cases.\"Since possession of restricted items inside the jail is an offence, we have lodged separate FIRs against Ravi, Ravinder and Sudhir. We are investigating how such items get inside the jail so easily. We have taken the accused warder on protection warrant for questioning,\" said Arvind Dahiya, SHO of Bhondsi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028675", "title": "Parrikar will review Alina Saldanha's cabinet entry in cabinet if legally wrong", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar appears to have softened his stand on inducting Alina Saldanha in the state cabinet. After earlier announcing his decision to draft Saldanha as a minister, Parrikar, on Sunday said he would reconsider the decision if it was legally wrong.\"If anybody tells me that it is legally wrong I wont do it,\" Parrikar told media persons on Sunday.Replying to questions on Saldanha's induction in the cabinet and the notice by chief election officer (CEO), Parrikar said, \"I have not received any notice from the CEO. I have not violated any model code of conduct and if I receive any notice then I will react. In whatever I have done, I have not violated any code of conduct, and I check all legalities before taking any decision.\"On Friday Parrikar had said he would induct Saldanha in the cabinet on Tuesday.Acting on a complaint by social activist Aires Rodrigues, the CEO advised the government to defer Saldanha's induction to after the election code ends.Rodrigues on Sunday also petitioned governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo stating that it would be highly improper for the ruling party to induct a candidate (Alina Saldanha) in the cabinet in an apparent attempt to influence voters of the constituency where a byelection is scheduled.From P 1Rodrigues, in his memorandum to the governor, stated that allowing the induction would be permitting the government to commit an illegality on the eve of the assembly byelection despite the model code of conduct being in force.\"May I seek your kind intervention in the matter to prevent a constitutional crisis which constitution, your excellency has been entrusted to uphold,\" Rodrigues said in the letter.The byelection for Cortalim is scheduled on June 2 and the model code of conduct came into effect from April 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13028229", "title": "Utkal varsity of culture to launch course on Jainism", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Utkal University of Culture (UUC) in Bhubaneswar has decided to reintroduce a certificate course on Jainism. The six-month course will be conducted with financial help from the New Delhibased Mahavira Jain Foundation, which has given Rs 50 lakh as corpus fund to the university, said UUC vice chancellor Amiya Kumar Pattanaik.About five years ago, UUC had launched a one-year diploma course on Jain religion and philosophy. It was, however, discontinued over low enrollment.\"We have now decided to reduce the duration of the course from one year to six months and accordingly design the syllabus. We hope those who are interested to know about Jainism and its philosophy will take this certificate course,\" the VC said.A monthly scholarship of Rs 250 would also be provided to at least 10 eligible students, he added. Although the certificate course is not job-oriented, but it would help students and researchers on gaining knowledge on Jainism. The course would also help them to know more about the sites and relics of Jainism as there were a number of people still practicing the religion in the state, said Pattanaik, who is also a noted historian.While the Jain artifacts from the 8th and 9th centuries AD are found in some places in Mayurbhanj and Keonjhar districts, several relics were also discovered at Nandapur, Umerkote in Koraput and some places of Nabarangapur and Cuttack districts, he said. Jainism reached the peak of its glory and prosperity in Odisha in the 1st century BC, when it became the state religion under Kharavela and his successors in Chedi dynasty, the historian said. It continued to retain its importance till the 12th century AD, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13026526", "title": "Ghaziabad man tries to save cousin, shot", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old property dealer from Ghaziabad was shot by three persons while trying to protect his cousin from them near Bhajanpura in northeast Delhi late on Saturday night. Adesh Kumar was a native of Siroli village in Ghaziabad, police said.\"We have identified the main accused based on the complaint filed by the deceased's cousin, Bhola, and hope to nab him soon,'' said DCP (northeast) Sanjay Jain.Adesh and Bhola were on their way back from the residence of their aunt when the accused stopped them and ordered that they come out.\"Soon, an argument ensued for a particular shop, that the accused wanted Bhola to vacate. One of them whipped out a revolver and pointed it at Bhola. Adesh was shot after he caught hold of the firearm in a bid to snatch it from the accused. The victim was rushed to St Stephen's Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries,\" a police source said.In another incident, a 35-year-old man was stabbed to death at his house by unidentified assailants in Shivpuri locality of southwest Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029373", "title": "Protesting sanitation employees raises a stink", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ongoing protest by contractual sanitation employees of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation turned ugly on Sunday morning when a group of over 50 protesters dumped garbage outside the residence-cum-shop of senior deputy mayor Darshan Kumar Garg in Sector 56 and then ransacked the premises. The drama continued for over an hour and things were controlled after the deployment of police personnel.According to information, the protesters alleged that the Congress-led civic body is not extending their support to them for employing them as permanent employees in the civic body, instead of on contract. Sources revealed that there are groups among sanitation employees and most of the protesters who dumped garbage outside Garg's residence-cum-shop are supporters of Bharatiya Janata Party and BJP, while adding that the entire episode was a result of politicization of the issue.When asked senior deputy mayor Darshan Kumar Garg said, \"I had taken my wife to a doctor for her treatment but when I reached home, I saw a group of people raising slogans outside my residence-cum-shop. They even damaged crockery items in my shop, following which I called the police control room.\"Inspector Charanjeet Singh, station house officer of the police station in Sector 39 said, \"When we received the call, a group of protestors had gathered outside the residence of the senior deputy mayor. However things were under control and no one was assaulted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13029389", "title": "Garbage collection: Decision deferred on effecting project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The meeting of Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) was held on Sunday, where members of federation decided to form a committee to discuss prominent issues with the officials of different departments like Chandigarh municipal corporation, Chandigarh housing board, police authorities, among others.The issue regarding the implementation of door-to-door garbage collection project all over the city on the pattern of a pilot project taken up by MCC in Sector 22 was discussed and on account of the lack of consensus, the matter was deferred to the next meeting.Besides this, a Delhi-based company, Hamarisuraksha Software Solutions Private Limited in association with the Chandigarh Police gave presentation to all the members of FOSWAC about the registration of data, photographs and fingerprints of tenants, domestic servants, vendors and floating labourers such as security guards, plumbers, electricians, immigrants and other casual labour to keep track in case of a crime committed by them and also to ensure that crime is rooted out.The said company has already done such exercise successfully in big cities like Mumbai, Gurgaon, Delhi and Noida among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027295", "title": "Depressed over criticism against husband, wife ends life", "text": "COIMBATORE: A19-year-old girl committed suicide on Saturday afternoon, disappointed over criticisms about her husband,Police said that Divya K, a resident of Pachapalayam, was depressed after she heard people say that her husband, Karthikeyan (23) had faked to be possessed by god. Karthkeiyan, a call taxi driver had participated in a temple programme near their residence on Friday evening. In the midst of the programme, Kartikeyan said that he was possessed by the gods and blessed the people. Later, some people said that he was fake and was not possessed by god.Divya was hurt to hear such comments about her husband and committed suicide by jumping into a well near their house. Though her husband and others tried to prevent her, she fell into the well. By the time, she was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), she was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026945", "title": "'Cops fanning Islamophobia'", "text": "MUMBAI: The last time Muslims and Dalits created a joint political platform in Maharashtra was in the 1980s. Led by former smuggler and don Haji Mastan, the Dalit Muslim Suraksha Mahasangh (DMSM) couldn't survive the heat and dust of politics and died a premature death.Three decades later, that ill-fated, some say incongruous, experiment is being recalled on the launch of yet another Muslim Dalit party in the state. Interestingly, while the last one was headed by a gangster, the new party, called the Awami Vikas Party, is led by former police officer Shamsher Khan Pathan. Sceptics wonder, however, if that makes any difference-and, more importantly, whether the party itself will make any difference to its constituents.Poor and under-represented in public and private institutions, both Dalits and Muslims feel deeply deprived under the current Congress-NCP rule. Betrayed by their leaders, both groups desperately want an alternative. \"There is a vacuum in the political leadership of both Muslims and Dalits which AVP will fill,\" claims senior Urdu journalist Sarfraz Arzoo. Arzoo is the only member in AVP's core committee who was also among the founders of DMSM.The dissimilarities between the two parties are many. Mastan, apart from being a kingpin of smuggling, was a Tamil migrant who spoke a smattering of Urdu but no Marathi. Pathan, hailing from Nasik, was a tough cop and speaks Marathi fluently. DMSM's Dalit face, Jogendra Kanware, taught at a college in Nagpur, and would turn out shabbily in kurta-pyjama with a shawl slung over his shoulder. Kanware had made the renaming of MarathwadaUniversity after B R Ambedkar his life's mission which he finally accomplished. Contrarily, the Dalit face of Pathan's party, Baban Kamble, edits the Marathi daily Samrat, dons smart suits and claims a \"considerable\" following among Dalits.Even the circumstances under which the two parties were born were different. \"The 1984 Bhiwandi riots had deeply angered Muslims. We wanted a party that would counter the Shiv Sena . We thought Haji Mastan would be a match for Bal Thackeray and our cadre for the Shiv Sainiks,\" recalls Khalil Zahid, another Urdu journalist who even fought the 1984 Lok Sabha elections from Aurangabad on a DMSM ticket. The AVP came into existence last week, far from the shadow of any kind of communal strife. What then was the compulsion for its launch?Pathan, who retired on April 30 and launched the party the very next day, says he had been planning it for quite some time after seeing the wave of Islamophobia being fanned by senior police and intelligence officers. \"All the intelligence alerts we received were about threats of attacks from Muslim terrorists. There were never any alerts that Hindu terrorists could attack though they were involved in several terrorist attacks as in the cases of Malegaon and Samjhauta Express. When I analysed this, I found that only a changed political set-up could change the situation. It will make a lot of difference if we are in power or share power with other parties.\"Kamble too believes that despite reservations for SCs and STs, Dalits have little say at the policy-making level. \"Brahminical hegemony deprives Dalits of their due share at all levels. This will change if we form our government,\" he says.Despite its claims of being the true representative of Muslims and Dalits, AVP suffers from a significant lacuna. None of its core committee members, except Arzoo (he fought the last assembly election on a Samajwadi Party ticket from Byculla and was mauled), are political creatures. \"They are activists and NGO workers. They cannot win even panchayat polls. Electoral politics is a different game,\" says former Congress MLA Yusuf Abrahni.At its launch, the AVP showcased kids dressed as Ambedkar, Maulana Azad, a Dalit and a Muslim girl. It remains to be seen if it can do anything beyond this display of tokenism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13028987", "title": "Nagpur civic body struggles with online complaint system", "text": "NAGPUR: It has become a matter of serious concern as to how the citizens' grievances will be addressed at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). A general experience is that officials do not pay attention to the citizens' complaints. Even the mayor's online complaint redressal system too has been placed in cold storage.In December 2010, then mayor Archana Dehankar had launched the system with the sole purpose of solving citizens' grievances that too without letting them wander from one table to the other. A website was incorporated in the system on which the NMC spent around Rs 1.50 lakh.The concept of the system was very innovative and profitable. Under the system, the citizens were to lodge complaint through the website. All 10 zones and 11 departments were connected with the website. The offices of mayor and municipal commissioner were also connected. The concerned department was to attend the complaint and solve the grievance within 8 days.Sources told TOI, the website evoked response in initial stage. \"Few complaints were registered through the website. The department concerned did not attended the complaint. A circular dated January 7, 2011 was issued directing all the heads of department to attend the complaints. The staffers from mayor's office too pursued with the departments. But nothing happened. Even Dehankar had slammed the officials for not attending the complaints. Still, the system went into cold storage,\" said the sources.A senior NMC official said, the online complaint redressal system is also mandatory under e-Governance project launched in the NMC. \"Central government had sanctioned the project under JNNURM. The NMC is yet to start the system. Even the continuation of the system launched by Dehankar could have met the requirements. But the staffers are not at all ready to take accountability,\" he said.Sources from mayor office said, Sole is taking the issue seriously. \"Online complaint redressal system launched by Dehankar would be renovated and launched in coming days. Now it will be made mandatory for the sake of the citizens,\" said the sources.As of now, the website indicates as online complaint redressal system 'coming soon'. Large number of delegations come to the mayor's office everyday for one or the other problem. It is learnt that many of the citizens complaint that officials did nothing to solve their grievances. It will be interesting to see whether the system may be restarted in an effective manner during Sole's tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13028601", "title": "Bandh call: Jewellery shops to remain closed today", "text": "KANPUR: The city jewellers and the traders have decided to participate in a daylong symbolic protest called upon by the All India Gems and Jewellery Association on May 7. As a result, the prominent city markets which have jewellery stores, including PPN Market, P Road, Sisamau, Gumti, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, and Lal Bangla, will remain closed on Monday. The markets that are situated in the thickly-populated areas of the city like Birhana, known as the jewellery hub of the city, and Nayaganj will also remain closedThe city jewellers and traders will also be staging a dharna at Nayaganj Crossing in the wake of their demands. The jewellers have been demanding roll back of the forcibly imposed increased rates of excise duty. This is the same issue over which the jewellers had staged a massive protest for nearly 21 days in the month of March.\"In order to remind finance minister Pranab Mukherjee that he has to consider our demands for taking back the increased excise duty, we will be holding this protest on Monday. The bandh call has been given by All India Gems and Jewellery Association and Kanpur Mahanagar Sarafa Association and Akhil Bhartiya Swarankar Vikas Parishad has given it full support,\" said Pushpendra Jaiswal, president, Akhil Bhartiya Swarankar Vikas Parishad.The jewellers would be protesting even in the cities of Delhi, Agra and Allahabad. It is a nationwide protest and would be leaving a strong impact on the government, added Jaiswal. He also said that from 11.00am to 2.00pm the city jewellers would be holding a peaceful protest at Nayaganj Crossing. Jewellers from across the city would reach the venue at the scheduled time.Earlier, in the month of March, the jewellers had stayed away from work for 21 days which not only caused them losses, but also losses to the government exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13028429", "title": "7-year-old boy shot at by labourer", "text": "MYSORE: An otherwise fun-filled summer vacation turned tragic for a seven-year-old boy at Kempanapura village of T Narsipura taluk after he was accidentally shot at by a labourer recently. Sadashiva Reddy, son of Gopal Reddy, a resident of Somasundara Palya in Bangalore, was holidaying at his elder sister's house when the accident occurred. A particle of the bullet fired by Nagaraju to kill a dog settled inside the left thigh of Sadashiva. Sadashiva, who was undergoing treatment at a hospital in Mysore, was discharged on Sunday after the particle was removed from his thigh.He had come to Kempanapura village to spend his summer vacation at the residence of Sathyavathi, wife of Ravi, a laborer in a farmhouse.According to police, Nagaraju, another labourer in the farmhouse owned by Prashanth, fired a bullet at a dog with a licenced 12 bore double-barrel gun on May 3. When he fired, a small particle of the bullet pierced into the thigh of Sadashiva who was playing a few metres from Nagaraju. Police said the dog, belongs to Harish, a farmhouse owner. Nagraju targeted the dog as it was frequently straying into the farmhouse of Prashanth and attacking chickens.Ventakata Swamy Reddy, a relative of Sadashiva, filed a complaint against Nagaraju at T Narsipura police station on May 4. Police arrested Nagaraju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13027249", "title": "Battery-run vehicles for Rajarhat roads", "text": "KOLKATA: In keeping with the Trinamool-led government's green theme, the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) wants pollution free, battery-operated three-wheelers to ply in Rajarhat New Town.The authorities have written to the power ministry seeking views on whether it's feasible to run such battery-powered vehicles. The concept is to have a personalized rapid transit system (PRTS) in place where vehicles will be battery-operated and will ply on short and dedicated routes.Hidco chairman and managing director Debashis Sen said that they were already working to develop Rajarhat as a solar city and as a carbon-friendly township.\"We have already made a trial run and found the speed to be okay. Talks are on with the West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency as to whether they can operate such eight seater three-wheelers in different routes from Rajarhat to Sector V, surrounding Hidco Bhavan and Eco Space etc,\" said Hidco chairman and managing director Debashis Sen.Some time back, a delegate of UK India had a discussion with Hidco officials on this particular plan. Besides being pollution free, these vehicles with a speed of 100 kilometres will also be carrying eight persons at a time. This will reduce the commuter's dependence on illegal autos that are now plying in hundreds in the township due to non availability of adequate public transport.At present, buses only ply from Action Area I towards the city. Apart from private cars and taxis, the only other modes of transport to move in Action Area II and III are autos and shuttle cars. The introduction of such battery-operated vehicles will be immensely beneficial for the commuters. Officials said that such vehicles will be very effective to create proper connectivity among Action Areas I, II and III. Also, with work on airport modernization nearing completion, there will be a huge surge in the number of commuters passing through Rajarhat to reach airport. Hidco is also working to set up various road links in the township and a plan is on to set up a parallel road to the existing main arterial road.Kolkata: The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) wants pollution free battery operated three wheelers to ply in Rajarhat New Town. The authorities have written to the power ministry whether such battery and power connectivity vehicles could be run. The concept is to have a personalized rapid transit system (PRTS) in place where vehicles will be battery-operated and will ply on short and dedicated routes.Hidco chairman and managing director Debashis Sen said that they were already working to develop the township as a solar city and as a carbon friendly township. \"We have already made a trial run and we have found the speed to be okay. We have been talking with the West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency (WBREDA) on this matter whether they can operated such eight seater three wheelers in different routes like from Rajarhat to Sector V, surrounding Hidco Bhavan and Eco Space etc,\" Sen said.Earlier some time back, a delegate of UK India had come and had a discussion on the plan with Hidco officials. Officials said that such vehicles will be immensely beneficial for the township as it is not only pollution free, it will be able to carry eight persons at a time in different short routes for the benefit of the commuters and can also run up to a speed of about 100 kilometers. This will also reduce the commuter's dependence to move on illegal autos that are now plying in hundreds in the township due to non availability of adequate public transport.Presently, buses only ply on from Action Area I towards the city and the only mode of transport to move in Action Area II and III are autos and shuttle cars apart from private cars and taxis. The introduction of such battery operated vehicles will be immensely beneficial for the commuters. Officials said that such vehicles will be very effective to create proper connectivity link between the three main Action Areas - I, II and III. Also, with work on airport modernization nearing completion, there will be a huge surge of commuters passing through Rajarhat New Town to reach airport on a daily basis. Such battery operated vehicles will be very effective to cope up with this inflow of commuters. Hidco is working to set up various road links in the township and a plan is on to set up a parallel road to the existing main arterial road to further improve connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13033829", "title": "Srikanth in Good Bye December", "text": "After setting up a record of some critically acclaimed and some very successfull films in his career of ten years, Srikanth is all set to give the malayalam audience a hit.Srikanth is preparing to repeat the journey of success in Malayalam also, after his superhit movie, 'Nanpan'. MTV fame sajid is the director of the film and Srikanth is playing the protagonist.With 'Goodbye December' Sajid is entering into direction. Luksum Creation is to produce the film.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028941", "title": "How to bring down your auto insurance cost", "text": "The insurance regulator has hiked the third-party motor insurance premiums in line with its decision last year to review the rates annually. Some insurers are also planning to revise their 'own damage' rates. Put these two pieces of news together and it is a fair guess that your overall premium will go up when you buy or renew your motor insurance. Don't lose hope though. There are many ways to keep the total premium on the comprehensive motor policy under control.Let go of smaller claimsYou are entitled to a no-claim bonus (NCB) for every claim-free year. If you don't make any claim for a few years, the NCB can reduce your premium cost by as much as 50%. So, don't rush to make a claim for fixing every small dent on your car. Sometimes, what you spend on repairs could be less than the amount you stand to lose as no-claim bonus. Weigh whether the damage is worth filing a claim for or is it smarter to wait for another claim-free year.Opt for a higher deductibleYou can also opt for a higher deductible amount in the policy. This means that you will pay the initial 5,000-10 ,000 of the repair bill and the insurance company will pay the balance. The higher the deductible, the lower is the premium . However, don't opt for too high a deductible just to bring down the cost of insurance. You might end up paying more than the amount you stand to save.Share more informationMany insurers offer better rates these days to customers who are willing to share personal information, such as age, gender, marital status, occupation, claim history and driving track record. For instance , Berkshire Insurance, which distributes Bajaj Allianz's motor insurance policies, offers a discount of 5% to those who provide details about themselves by answering the questions in the forms. \"The premium for a young male who smokes will be higher than that for the same amount of cover for a young, nonsmoking female,\" says Arun Balakrishnan , chief executive officer, Berkshireinsurance .com. \"The details help in the correct calculation of premiums and also in getting discounts of 10-25 %,\" adds Niraj Jain, CEO, Insurancemall .in.Be careful about add-on coversThe add-on features like depreciation cover, roadside assistance, emergency expenses, and hospital cash, may have immense utility value, but some agents try to push unnecessary covers as well. Tally the policy features with your needs before buying the add-ons . This will ensure that your premium is not inflated for options you may never use.Sign up with auto associationsBecoming a member of the Automobile Association of India (AAI) or its affiliates gives you a discount on the premium rates from some insurers; the discount could be lower of 5% or 200 on the own damage premium for private cars. Similarly, if you install an anti-theft device approved by the Automotive Research Association of India, you could claim a discount of 2.5%, subject to a maximum of 500.Stick to the mandated part of coverAs per the prevailing law, you have to buy a minimum cover of 6,000 to compensate third parties for any property damage. Sure, you have the option to buy a higher cover, which may come in handy if there is a huge payout, but remember that your premium will also rise. If you want to keep the premium low, opt only for the mandatory cover.Transfer no-claim bonus while selling a carIf you are planning to upgrade your car, you can bring down the insurance cost by transferring the no-claim bonus of your old car. If you have been a careful driver and have a 40-50 % no-claim bonus, get it transferred when you sell your car. The insurer will issue a noclaim certificate, which will get you the discount on the new car's insurance. If the insurance of the new car works out to 15,000, a 50% no-claim bonus will reduce it to 7,500. This no-claim certificate is valid for three years from the date of issue. Termination of the insurance means your old car is without a cover. Since a buyer typically assumes the car comes with insurance, make things clear while striking the deal. In most cases, buying new insurance for the old car may still be cheaper.--Preeti Kulkarni", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "13028438", "title": "40 water samples fail quality test under Ferozepur railway division", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Think twice before you drink water to quench your thirst from a tap on the railway platforms. It might be contaminated.In laboratory tests conducted on 200 water samples collected by the railway health department from the different railway stations falling under the Ferozepur railway division, almost 20% of water samples were found to be impure.The railway health department had collected nearly 200 water samples in the last four months from the taps on different railways stations falling under the division. As many as 40 samples failed quality test.How serious is the railway administration in providing quality potable water to the passengers on the railway stations can be gauged from the fact that it has failed in providing safe drinking water at the big railway stations like Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Pathankot and Ferozepur Cantonment.Dr SP Sharma, senior medical superintendent, Divisional Railway Hospital, Ferozepur, said the engineering department of the railway was responsible for providing quality drinking water at all the railway stations.A report had been sent to the department concerned and the divisional railway manager (DRM), recommending installation of chlorinators on all the railways stations to ensure quality drinking water to the railway passengers.When contacted, Ferozepur railway division DRM RK Goyal said he was not aware of the issue as he had joined on Friday last. He, however, assured that he would seek details of the report and take appropriate action to ensure quality drinking water to the railway passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027247", "title": "Plan panel suggests bringing NGOs under RTI Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission has suggested that the voluntary sector be brought under the umbrella of Right to Information Act, along with developing a code of conduct to ensure \"greater transparency and accountability\". At present, only those voluntary organizations which receive public funds come under the ambit of the RTI Act.The plan panel's steering committee also suggested bringing voluntary organizations with a corpus beyond a stipulated amount under the purview of state Lokayuktas. The panel also supported the move for promotion of an apex body, empowered to govern the entire voluntary sector, by laying down certain norms and standards for self-regulation which could be termed as ministry of voluntary affairs along the lines of ministry of corporate affairs.The argument for regulation of the sector stems from the fact that voluntary organizations use public funds and are exempted from tax and work in the public domain and their actions have a direct impact on people and society.\"The code of conduct should deal with issues of responsible governance practices, adhering to existing laws and also address issues like harassment of human rights activists, whistle blowers and those who express their dissent against the state,\" the committee said.It was argued that a system needed to be developed to examine the adherence to the code by voluntary organizations and a mechanism for dealing with complaints and grievances of various stakeholders could be framed within the terms of a code of conduct.Further, it could help resolve disputes and grievances amicably and quickly, the panel noted, adding that there should be performance measures that would allow for fair application of incentives and disincentives to mould behavior in alignment with the desired code of conduct.The panel also emphasized the need to encourage a 'self-regulatory mechanism' within individual organizations. It said every voluntary organization shall put its audited statement and annual report in the public domain, follow the policy of proactive disclosure of information under RTI Act and follow all mandatory rules such as registration, taxation, FCRA etc.The panel supported single window system for registration of voluntary organizations (based on the recommendations of the task force report on proposed law for registering such bodies).\"The multiple forms of registration needs a composite review and it needs to be assessed whether a single window system for registration can be created,\" it said, adding that the move will enable all stakeholders to find out if registered voluntary organizations were following rules or not.\"While giving due recognition to the autonomous nature of voluntary organizations, processes ensuring respectful engagement between the government and voluntary organizations must be institutionalized,\" the committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13028514", "title": "Police claim to have got vital lead, declare Rs 15,000 reward", "text": "INDORE: In the robbery and brutal murder of a city-based timber merchant, Jasveer Singh Chhabra, in the wee hours of Sunday in Juni Indore area, the police claimed to have got concrete lead about the accused and would solve the case soon. Police also announced a cash reward of Rs 15,000, for those who could give information that would help them arrest the accused.Talking to ToI, inspector general of police (IGP) Anuradha Shankar said that the police got solid lead and would crack the case soon. She hoped that the accused would be arrested shortly.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that police in 12 districts of the state have been alerted following the gruesome crime. He also said that police have announced a reward of Rs 15,000 for the persons, who provide lead in the case.About the incident, the SSP said that it was a major incident in which miscreants barged in to the house and allegedly battered the house owner to death with a bat. He also hoped that the accused would fall the police net soon.Sources said that the vehicle used by the miscreants crossed Ujjain Toll booth in the morning. The SSP also confirmed it.Police said that the vehicle number, which was noticed by the deceased's wife Saranjeet Kaur, was later found to be the registration number of a two-wheeler and the accused used it to misguide police during the investigation.About the accused, Juni Indore police station in-charge TS Baghel also said that that the police suspected the role of Pardi community in the crime as such type of offences have been committed earlier too in which they were found to be guilty adding that it was not confirmed yet.Sources said that the accused reportedly did not carry the cell phones from the house as they were aware that it could help the police trace them. It shows that they are professional criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13028013", "title": "Succession issue figures in DMK meet", "text": "CHENNAI: The succession issue in the DMK figured during a closed-door meeting of the party's youth wing held in Chennai on Sunday, with a few members, urging party treasurer M K Stalin to take over the party leadership.The plea comes in the backdrop of the touchy succession issue between Stalin and older brother M K Alagiri, which has been simmering for a while. Though Stalin declined to respond to the speakers' urgings, he allowed them to address the issue, said party sources.Stalin is set to leave for a foreign jaunt on May 8 and later go on a cruise with 30 family members and friends. \"He is will go to UK for his regular health check and then proceed to Netherlands for summer vacation where he will be joined by family and friends,\" a DMK leader said.The youth wing also passed six resolutions, including one on the preparations for party chief M Karunanidhi's 89th birthday on June 3 and training for new membership drive for the youth wing. Sources said Stalin assured some of the district organizers good posts as they would have to quit their present positions due to the new age limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029010", "title": "How to save tax while selling a house", "text": "Timing is critical in finance, especially if you want to make a profit. Of course, you need to pick a good time to take advantage of the appreciation in value, but it's equally important to keep an eye on the calendar to avoid paying a hefty amount as tax. It was a lesson learnt well by Mumbai-based Benny Abraham when he sold his house in 2011 within two years of purchasing it. \"The property was fetching me nearly 60% in profits on the initial investment , so when I got an offer to sell it, I immediately agreed,\" says Abraham, a brand consultant. Unfortunately , the 50-year-old had no clue about the tax implication of his hasty decision. Not only did he have to pay a substantial amount as tax on the profit, he also had to shell out the tax exemptions that he was availing of on the home loan.This is because under the Income Tax Act, if you sell a house within three years of buying it, the tax benefits on the principal repayment and interest paid on the home loan are reversed . These are then included in your income when you file your tax return. Also, if a house is sold within five years of the end of the financial year in which it was purchased, all the deductions claimed under Section 80C with respect to the property are added to the taxable income in the year of sale.Capital gain and indexationReal estate is regarded as an asset, so the profit from its sale is assessed under the head 'capital gains' . According to Manish Thakkar, director of Mumbai-based Thakkar Consultants, if a property is sold within three years of buying it, it is treated as a short-term capital gain. This is added to the total income and taxed according to the slab rate. However, if you sell a property after three years from the date of purchase, the profit is treated as a long-term capital gain and is taxed at 20% after indexation . While you can avail of various tax exemptions in case of long-term capital gains, no such benefit is provided for short-term ones.One of the advantages associated with long-term capital gains is the inclusion of indexation while determining the profit. Indexation is a method through which the seller is able to inflate the value of his assets. Since inflation reduces the value of an asset over time, it is essential to increase the initial cost of the house to calculate its current value. This is done by multiplying the original cost price with a factor that is issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. This factor tracks the increase in the general price level, or inflation, and is known as the cost inflation index (CII). It is notified by the central government for every financial year. The Income Tax Act considers 1981-82 as the base year with a cost inflation index of 100. So, the CII for 1982-83 is 109, and so on.The indexed purchase price can be calculated as-purchase price x (CII for year of sale / CII for year of purchase).The indexation of purchase price helps to reduce the net capital gain, thereby slashing the tax burden for the seller.Reduce your tax burdenYou can claim tax exemption under Section 54 on the long-term capital gain on the sale of a house. \"To avail of this exemption, you must use the entire profit to either buy another house within two years or construct one in three years. If you had already bought a second house within a year before selling the first one, you could still avail of the tax exemption,\" says Pankaj Ghadiali, tax expert at PC Ghadiali &amp; Co Chartered Accountants .\"Such capital gain exemption is reversed and the amount taxed as capital gain if the new property is sold within three years of the date of purchase/construction. This profit will be considered a short-term gain and taxed at the normal slab rates, not the 20% beneficial rate,\" says Sonu Iyer, tax partner, Ernst &amp; Young.You can also utilise Section 54 (F) to avail of exemption on the longterm capital gain made from the sale of any asset other than a house. Again, the sale proceeds should be invested only in a residential property , not a commercial property or a vacant plot of land. However, to avail of this benefit, you should not own more than one house.The long-term capital gain tax can also be saved under Section 54 (EC) if the capital gain is invested for three years in bonds of the National Highways Authority of India and Rural Electrification Corporation Limited within six months of selling the house. However, you can invest only up to 50 lakh in a financial year.The sale proceeds will be calculated on the basis of the valuation adopted by the state's Stamp Duty and Registration Authority and will not be the amount mentioned in the deed of conveyance. This is intended to cover the cases where a portion of the sale price is received by the seller as unaccounted for cash.If you miss the due dateIt's possible that you are not able to make the required investment to avail of the exemption on capital gains before the due date for filing your tax return. In such a situation, the amount of capital gain or net consideration , as the case may be, has to be deposited in a separate account in a nationalised bank under the Capital Gains Account Scheme (CGAS) before the last date of filing your return for the relevant year. There are two types of such accounts-type A is a savings deposit and type B is a term deposit. The interest rates for these are the same as those for regular savings and term bank deposits. The proof of the deposit can be attached along with the tax return in order to claim exemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13027439", "title": "Militants attack security forces in Pak, 9 soldiers killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Nine soldiers and three pro-Taliban fighters were killed in a clash that erupted when militants attacked a security forces convoy in North Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan on Sunday, the military said.The militants fired rockets at the convoy of the Frontier Constabulary, triggering an exchange of fire near Miranshah, the main town of North Waziristan Agency, that lasted nearly two hours.Gunship helicopters later shelled militant positions, journalists in the region said.A statement issued by the military said nine soldiers were killed in the clash.Reports from Miranshah said at least three militants were killed while the military statement said retaliatory action by the troops had resulted in \"heavy casualties\" among the rebels.Injured troops were airlifted to a military hospital in Bannu city of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province, the local journalists said.The military statement said that a security forces picket in Miranshah had been fired on by militants for the past few days.\"Today during the convoy's movement, the terrorists engaged the picket and an exchange of fire took place between the two sides,\" the statement added.\"In the intense gun battle, the compounds, from where the terrorists fired, were destroyed and heavy casualties were inflicted on them. Exact number of their casualties was not known,\" the statement said.The clash occurred a day after a US drone strike in the same region killed 10 militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13033502", "title": "Devendro settles for silver at President's Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic bound boxer L Devendro Singh (49kg) had to be content with a silver medal finish from the 3rd International 'Republic of Kazakhstan President's Cup' in Almaty, Kazakhstan on Sunday.The 20-year-old came agonisingly close to claiming his first gold medal on the senior tour. Devendro, who beat Olympian and 2010 Asian Games silver medallist Birzhan Zakipov, was up against Cuba's top light flyweight boxer and bronze medal winner at the 2010 Youth World Boxing Championships Yosvany Veitia in the title clash.He started well keeping pace with his Cuban opponent - after the opening three minutes of play the scores were knotted at 4 all. But with the beginning of the second round, Veitia, with his sound defence and precise combinations took the game away from the Indian boxer.Devendro attacked vigorously in the final round but could not penetrate Veitia's guard as much as he would have liked. In the end he lost the bout on points 11:15.\"It was a difficult bout and the Cuban had a sound technique, I tried hard to get inside and fight but did not get many chances to score. Nonetheless I am happy with my performance; this tour has been a big learning curve for me and it will help a great deal in my preparations for the Olympics\", said Devendro after his bout.Chief coach GS Sandhu who is accompanying the team said, \"Devendro did well to reach to the finals of the tournament, he beat some good and experienced boxers along the way. Like I said at the beginning of the tour, it is the experience and learning from tours like these that is important to us. Winning medals is an added incentive and motivation, it always helps\"Earlier in the tournament Asian Games silver medallist Manpreet Singh (91kg) and debutant Kanwar Preet Singh (+91kg) had to settle for a bronze medal finish after losing out in the semifinals of their respective weight categories.Manpreet put up a brave performance against Abduganiev Arbek of Kazakhstan, but in the end came up short (12:19). Kanwar on the other hand went down in a one sided contest - Kazakh Dichko Ivan proving too strong for the Indian rookie; he lost on points 13:3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028657", "title": "Tribal community radio to go on air from May 10", "text": "BHOPAL: The first Gond community radio station will go on air from Chicholi in Betul district from May 10. This will be the world's first radio station to be run and broadcast by a tribal community. The radio station set up with the assistance of Vanya, an undertaking of the state tribal welfare department, will broadcast programmes in the Gondi dialect.Chicholi radio station will broadcast programmes for two hours. 'Vanya' officials said that the tribal department will soon launch community radio stations at 11 more tribal-dominated locations.Two tribal community radio stations are already on air at Bhabra in Alirajpur district and Khalwa in Khandwa district. Radio stations are complete at Sesaipura and Nalchha and will be the next to start broadcast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13027188", "title": "Guntur sizzles at 44 degree Celsius", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mercury soared to 44 degrees Celsius at Rentachintala in Guntur district on Sunday, the highest in the state this season, even as day temperatures rose at several places in the state. Heat conditions prevailed in Telangana, coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema regions forcing people to stay indoors.Tirupati, Kavali, Ongole, Ramagundam, Adilabad, Hanamkonda and Nizamabad sizzled at 42 degrees, while Bapatla, Nellore, Hyderabad, Mahbubnagar, Medak, Bhadrachalam and Nandyal recorded 41 degrees. Nalgonda, Kurnool, Nandigama, Vijayawada and several other towns recorded 40 degrees. The Meteorological department officials said that the heat wave conditions would prevail in many places in the next week. \"Hot winds which arrived from north India are centralised over Andhra region. \" a Met official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13026921", "title": "9% rise in bikers speaking on cellphones", "text": "MUMBAI: There has been a 9% increase in the number of two-wheeler riders caught for talking on mobile phones in 2011, which, according to traffic police and RTI activists, is a disturbing trend. Also, at least two lakh bikers are caught every year for riding without helmets.These figures were revealed in data procured under the Right to Information Act by activist Chetan Kothari. The statistics showed that as compared to 5,929 two-wheeler riders being caught for speaking on cellphones in 2010, there were 6,465 cases in 2011. Said Kothari, \"In fact, cases dropped from 6,824 in 2009 by 13% in 2010. But the very next year, there was a rise in offences.\"The traffic cops said excessive use of cellphones while riding can result in fatal accidents. \"We also don't allow the use of hands-free sets,\" a senior officer said.Maharashtra was the first to amend the motor vehicle rules and provide for restrictions on the use of mobile phones while riding or driving.Section 250-A of the Maharashtra motor vehicle rules disallows the use of mobile phones while riding but has a provision for a fine of only Rs 100.\"There is a need for a hefty fine to act as a deterrent for bikers. There is a proposal with the Centre to make fines as high as Rs 500 and it is likely to be cleared soon,\" a Mantralaya official said.An officer said, \"If motorcyclists and scooterists fail to wear helmets, they are only endangering their lives. In almost all accidents in the past few years, the rider found dead on the spot was the one who was not wearing a helmet.\" Kothari said that the number of people caught for not wearing helmets has always crossed the 2-lakh mark every year.While it was 2.71 lakh in 2009, the cops caught 2.28 lakh two-wheeler riders in 2010 and 2.23 lakh the next year. The fines collected were collectively Rs 5 crore in the past three years.The data showed that 53,315 bikers were caught for violating rules on number plates in 2011. Of these, 19,299 were fined for carrying a Marathi (Devnagri) number plate. In 2010, nearly 18,000 two-wheeler riders were caught with Devnagri number plates, while the figure was 7,936 in 2009, the data showed.ALL FINE BUT NOT DANDY2-wheeler riders caught and fined for talking on mobileYear .....Cases .....Fines (in Rs)2009 .......6,824 .......3.22 lakh2010 .......5,929 .......12,8002011 .......6,465 ....... 6002-wheeler riders caught for plying without helmetsYear ....... Cases ..........Fines (in Rs)2009 ......2,71,602 ...........1.81 cr2010 ......2,28,663 ...........1.56 cr2011 ......2,23,969 ........... 1.62 cr2-wheeler riders caught for violating norms on number platesYear ...........Cases2009 ..........28,5572010 .........56,9582011 ..........53,3152-wheelers towed from footpaths of Mahapalika (BMC) MargYear ............Cases ...........Fines (in Rs)2010 .............354 ...................24,9002011 .............234 ...................16,5002012 (till Feb) ....7 ...................700Bikers caught with Marathi number platesYear ..........Cases .........Fines (in Rs)2009 ...........7,936 ..........4.96 lakh2010 ...........18,000 ........12.72 lakh2011 ............19,299 .......12.80 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028280", "title": "World Laughter Day celebrated with gusto", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopalites celebrated the World Laughter Day with enthusiasm by taking out a rally and offering a demo of laughter exercises on Sunday. More than 500 members of the laughter club, mainly senior citizens, participated in the rally.The rally began from board office at about 6.30 am. The rally reached Nishant Colony at about 8.30, covering 7 No. market, 6 No. market, 5 No. market, JP Hospital and Arera Club. The members also used the opportunity to drive home benefits by demonstrating laughter exercises.The members took out the rally under the guidance of laughter Guru, CB Chansoria, a retired officer. \"I thank all members for making the rally a huge success,\" he said.After the rally, MLA Vishwas Sarang felicitated members of above 80 years of age of the club at Nishant Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13028306", "title": "Revenge drove mother to Red fold", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The death of her son in the Kalinganagar police firing on January 2, 2006, drove Sini Soy to join the Maoist fold to seek revenge, her family said. The 55-year-old former sarpanch of Gobaraghati was caught by police from a forest on the border of Jajpur and Keonjhar districts on Thursday.\"My brother, Bhagawan, was among the 14 tribals gunned down by police while protesting against Tata's proposed steel project in Kalinganagar. He was just 25 years old then. My mother just kept crying when she saw her eldest son's bullet-riddled body. She could not hide her disgust at the policemen who had brought the body to our village,\" recalled Laxmidhar Soy (28), who now works as a fourth grade employee in the office of the district magistrate in Jajpur town.\"She was always very protective about us, especially after my father's death in 1999. She had to work very hard to maintain us,\" Laxmidhar added. Sini, who was elected as the sarpanch of Gobaraghati in 1997, was one of the leaders of the anti-land acquisition movement in Kalinganagar.Police admitted her to the government hospital in Jajpur as she was suffering from high fever. On Friday, she was produced in the court of the sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM) in Jajpur. The court rejected her bail application and remanded her in jail custody. \"I last saw my mother in March 2006, before she went underground to join the Maoists. I again met her for a few brief moments in the hospital on Friday. She was bedridden and there were policemen all around. I could not hold back my tears and my voice choked when I saw her,\" the arrested rebel's son said.\"When I regained my composure, I told my mother that I had married a tribal girl from Jamada village, Uttama, last year. I also informed her that my younger brother, Lalmohan Soy (18), is now studying in Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology at Gunapur,\" he added.\"My mother told me not worry about her and stated that hundreds of sons and daughters were looking after her in the dense forests,\" said Laxmidhar.\"After my son was murdered by police, I felt a strong desire for revenge. I thought that either I would kill the enemy or I would die in trying to do so,\" Sini said in a feeble voice from her hospital bed. Recalling her days in the rebel camp, she said, \"When I first heard the sound of gunfire, I felt as though the bullets were hitting my body but they weren't really. I was very scared during that first action, but slowly became accustomed.\"One look at the tribal woman on the hospital bed does not betray her formidable reputation as a Maoist leader. \"The arrested woman Maoist was responsible for several subversive activities including killings, looting and damaging government properties. She recruited more than 20 women for the Maoists,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13027125", "title": "Woman found dead at home in central Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a 48-year-old woman was found inside her residence in mysterious circumstances on Sunday evening. Cops suspect foul play as stab wounds were found on the body. The incident was reported from West Patel Nagar in central Delhi. Cops said the victim, Nilam Sharma, seemed to have been attacked with a sharp object after being strangled. Her husband is an accountant and works for the Delhi Race Club.The victim was alone when the suspected murder took place. As there were no signs of a forcible entry, the accused seemed to have been known to the victim.Even as some cash and jewellery were missing from the house and robbery seemed to have been the motive behind the murder, cops are not ruling out other possibilities, including personal enmity.The incident came to light after the woman's husband, Rajender Sharma, returned to their residence after being away for almost five hours. \"The victim had been living with her husband in their second-floor residence for 12 years. On Sunday, Rajender left their house around 12.30pm for some work. He returned around 5.15pm. He was surprised to find the house open. When he entered he found his wife lying in a pool of blood in their drawing room. The couple's only daughter, who is married and stays in Mumbai, has been informed and is on her way to Delhi.Initial investigation has revealed that about Rs 70,000 in cash was missing from the house. The accused had broken the first lock of the safe inside the house but failed to open the main locker. Two costly bangles and one gold earring which Nilam was wearing were missing, too. Cops claimed that only a portion of the house was had been ransacked.\"It seems a known person gained entry and attacked her when she resisted. We have sent the body for postmortem and are drawing up a list of all the people who could have come to her residence,'' said Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (central).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13028302", "title": "Indore records 8.6 mm rain", "text": "BHOPAL: Giving a big relief to the people from the heat, Indore received 8.6 mm rain on Sunday evening, the maximum in the state, while the state capital recorded 0.2 mm rain, which was for the third consecutive day.The evening showers in Indore made the climate pleasant for the denizens to move out.Meteorological department officials said that the upper air cyclonic circulation developed over eastern Madhya Pradesh has moved towards Chhattisgarh and mainly clouding was believed as the immediate reason of thundershowers in the evening.Meanwhile, the maximum and minimum temperatures in Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 41.5 degrees Celsius and 20.4 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.6 (-1) degrees Celsius and a minimum of 22.2 (-3) degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature at Indore stood at 36.8 (-3) degrees Celsius while the minimum was 20.4 (-4) degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature in Gwalior rose to 41.5 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature was recorded at 23.4 (-2) degrees Celsius. Jabalpur recorded a maximum of 39.3 (-3) degrees Celsius and a minimum of 24.6 degrees Celsius.The clouding over the western MP was expected to result into thundershowers in some other parts of the state on Monday as well, the weathermen added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13028458", "title": "Shop owner assaulted, relieved of Rs 3900", "text": "PATNA: A Rajasthan-based medicine shop owner Rajendra Arora was mercilessly assaulted and robbed of over Rs 3,900 at Gandhi Maidan under Gandhi Maidan police station on Sunday.Arora was admitted to PMCH, said Gandhi Maidan police station SHO Rajbindu Prasad. Arora said that he runs a medicine shop at Anwar city in Rajasthan and added he had come to Patna to visit Takht Harmandir Sahebji in Patna City. He said that he was walking at Gandhi Maidan where he saw some youths there, who threw some powder like substance on his face and then hit him on his head. \"What happened after that I do not know,\" said Arora and added that when he gained consciousness he found his money missing. \"My bag containing my clothes was cut open with some sharp-edged weapon, but they did not take out anything from the bag,\" he said.Nurses at the medical emergency of PMCH said that Arora had been heavily drugged. They said that he was also mercilessly beaten.Complaint lodged: One Tanveer, a resident of Mumtaz Gali, Anisabad, has lodged a written complaint against six persons alleging that they have murdered his brother, Danish, at Maner.Maner police station officials said that Danish along with some of his friends had come to Maner. They had gone to Haldi Chhapra Ghat to have a bath in the Ganga on March 30, the officials said and added that Danish drowned while bathing.Gardanibagh police station SHO N N Shukla said that the deceased's brother has lodged a written complaint against the six persons alleging that they had eliminated his brother.Relief distributed: The Patna district administration distributed relief to 55 families whose houses were gutted in a major fire that broke out late on Saturday night in which over 50 houses were reduced to ashes while a newly married woman, Rina Devi, was roasted alive.Patna Sadar circle officer Maqsood Ansari said on Sunday that he distributed Rs 4,200 to each of the 55 affected families. He said the deceased's family members would get an additional Rs 1 lakh after he gets the copies of FIR and autopsy report. He said Rina's family was given Rs11,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031250", "title": "Deepika Padukone calls Rajinikanth as 'Appa' !", "text": "It seems, superstar Rajinikanth's daughter, Soundarya R Ashwin and Deepika Padukone have developed a great bond it seems.They are teamed up for Rajini's next 'Koachadaiyaan'. The film is being directed by Soundarya while Deepika is the female lead.Deepika Padukone who is romancing someone indeed double her age addresses the legendary actor as 'Appa' (Father)off screen.This came to light when Deepika took to Twitter to thank Soundarya for making her feel comfortable on the sets.Soundarya had tweeted, \"Hey guys.back in Chennai after an awesome 2nd schedule in kerala..finished some good work.was gr8 working with deepika?she is such a darling(sic).\"Deepika responded to this tweet saying, \"@sound_a_rajini thank u for making me feel so comfortable &amp; for being such a wonderful director!lots of love to amma and appa &amp; see you soon(sic).\"Soundarya tweeted back writing, \"@deepikapadukone :):) It was a pleasure directing you! Will see you soon for sure Lots of love from Appa amma and the whole unit!!! Big hug!(sic).\"Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13034710", "title": "Probe Narendra Modi's role in Gujarat riots, says amicus curiae's report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amicus curiae Raju Ramchandran in his report has said that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi can be prosecuted under various sections of IPC for his alleged role in the 2002 riots.The senior advocate who was appointed by the Supreme Court to probe the chief minister's role in the Gujarat riots said the \"the offences which can be made out against Shri Modi, at this prima facie stage\" include \"promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion and acts prejudicial to (the) maintenance of harmony.\"Ramachandran's report differs from the report of the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team that gave Modi and 57 others a clean chit in the complaint filed against them by Zakia Jafri, widow of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, who was burnt to death in the Gulbarg Housing Society. The SIT's report was handed over to Zakia Jafri earlier today.Ehsan Jafri was among the 68 persons killed in the Gulbarg Housing Society in one of the worst post-Godhra riots of 2002.Metropolitan magistrate MS Bhatt, in his order on a batch of petitions seeking copy of the SIT report, said the investigators have filed a closure report and found no evidence against any of the accused named in Zakia's complaint.Modi was on the top of the list of persons named in the complaint. \"According to SIT, no offence has been established against any of the 58 persons listed in Zakia's complaint,'' the court said.Modi faces assembly elections in Gujarat by the end of the year. He has always alleged that Congress, in collusion with a section of the civil society, was out to frame him through extra-political means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13026787", "title": "A year on, Bhatta farmers still nurse old wounds", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: One year has passed since the clash between the district administration and villagers of Bhatta-Parsaul took place to protest land acquisition by the state government. However, farmers of the twin villages still find themselves insecure and are scared of arrests due to various criminal cases slapped on them by the former Mayawati-led government.In the clash that took place on May 7, 2011, two farmers had lost their lives while several were injured, including security personnel and the then district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar, Deepak Aggarwal.While 21 farmers who had been arrested after the violence have been freed on bail, nine, including key accused Manvir Tewatia, are still lodged in jail.\"Even though we did not participate in the agitation, we had to face a bloody fight and police atrocity. Now, we are reeling under a legal battle with the government. We have broken down financially, mentally and physically and want this episode to end,\" said Amarpal, a resident of Bhatta village.\"The Samajwadi Party government has been gloating over measures to bring relief to farmers in the twin villages, but no concrete action has been taken. All promises seem empty,\" he added.Nutan, wife of Manvir Tewatia, who led the Tappal and Bhatta-Parsaul agitations and is currently lodged in Dasna jail, said that only the families of the farmers know the fear and financial and mental pressure they have faced in the past one year. \"For the last one year, there were no celebrations even during festivals. We have just been praying for the safe release of our husbands. We want the SP government to withdraw the cases,\" Nutan said.When asked if her husband is released from jail would she still continue her agitation, Nutan said, \"We will decide the future course of action once he is free.\"Farmers also allege that the new state government has a biased attitude towards them. They also said that even Rahul Gandhi has failed them. \"Rahul's visit seven months before UP elections was just politically motivated. Now, nobody has come to take a look at the farmers living in a deplorable state,\" said Aman, a villager from Parsaul.Counsel for Bhatta-Parsual farmers, Ved Prakash Sharma, said, \"Agitation like Bhatta-Parsaul could have been averted if the government had acted quickly. It is time to bring a solution to the dispute and cases by the UP government and farmers should be withdrawn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028355", "title": "3 caught drunk on scooter near Vastrapur lake", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police station officials rounded up two boys and a girl riding a two-wheeler from near Vastrapur lake after they were found drunk. The trio was booked for violation of prohibition law and motor vehicle act.The arrests were effected during patrolling by Vastrapur cops on Saturday night. The officials spotted three persons riding a two-wheeler. They asked the riders to stop, but they sped away. Officials chased them in their vehicle and caught them.\"The team was in fact patrolling for the miscreants, especially members of the biker gang, involved in incidents of damaging parked vehicles. The trio was stopped on the basis of suspicion and found drunk. The accused are from Thaltej, Bodakdev and Vadaj areas,\" said a Vastrapur police station official.The trio does not have any criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028577", "title": "Ethiopian baby undergoes cataract surgery in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon, two-month-old Ethan will be able to recognize his mother by her face. Unlike other children his age, this boy from Ethiopia was not able to see the world as he was suffering from cataract in both the eyes. But with Ethan undergoing a surgery, he will be able to see everything.It was only 20 days ago that Muktar Omar, a seaman, realized that his son could not see. Doctors told Omar that the baby was suffering from bilateral congenital cataract. \"We could not find any doctors there who could perform surgery under anesthesia on such a small baby,\" said Omar, who had stayed in Mumbai a few years ago. \"I checked online and found this operation could be done quite easily here,\" said Omar.Cataract is generally associated with the elderly. Dr Himanshu Mehta, consultant op-hthalmologist at Lilavati Hospital, who conducted Ethan's surgery, said, \"We had to perform the surgery under anesthesia, which is a little difficult with a two-month-old. We don't usually get a case this young.\"However, Dr Ragini Parekh, head of ophthalmology in JJ Hospital, said their team gets a lot of children with cataract. \"We keep getting children with cataract. While many of these are traumatic cases, most are congenital and in both eyes. A child may suffer from congenital cataract because of maternal diabetes , malnutrition, endocrine problems or infection in the mother,\" she said, adding that giving general anesthesia and performing surgery in both eyes in one go is indeed a problem.\"A lens can't be put for a child of less than one year. So most kids have to come for follow-ups,\" she said. Ethan's parents are happy. \"Doctors say he will be able to see once his bandages are removed,\" said Omar, set to fly to Ethiopia on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13028107", "title": "Drinking water booth in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The CRPF has opened a public drinking water booth on Binda-Bhandaria road under red-hit Bhandaria block. Assistant commandant of 172 battalion, Radha Krishna inaugurated the booth by offering a glass of sherbet to the passersby.The public drinking water booth has been opened on the order of CRPF commandant, A K Dagar to help people quench their thirst during the summers,\" said Krishna. \"The water booth is a great help for people who comes from remote areas to attend the weekly 'haat',\" Krishna said. tnnPeople face difficulty getting drinking water, the CRPF has opened the booth, as mostly wells and other sources of water have almost dried up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13028628", "title": "Policy woes delay implementation of RTE act", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after the RTE Act came into force, niggling issues continue to cast a shadow over its implementation in the state. Although the act requires all schools (except unaided minority schools) to set aside 25% of seats at the entry level for students belonging to economically weaker (EWS) and disadvantaged sections from the next academic year onwards, the state government is yet to finalize a framework and issue a notification in this regard.While the inclusion of students belonging to below-poverty-line (BPL) families is being considered, opinions differ on whether linguistic minorities or backward castes or both, along with other vulnerable groups, are to be included. Even the share of each category in the 25% pie is yet to be fixed. A state team visited six states--Madhya Pradesh, Manipur, Himachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi and Haryana--to study the framework. But it is yet to give its final view.Even as officials from the school education department said the proposal could be placed before the state cabinet in a fortnight or so, a senior official admitted that meeting the deadline would be an uphill task. He said many schools, especially those affiliated to the ICSE and CBSE boards, have completed their admission process for the next year.Also, grievance redressal forums at various levels to ensure there is no discrimination against EWS and disadvantaged students need to be set up. State officials question the viability of another RTE norm: an additional teacher after every 30 students. An official said any such move could impact fee-collection since most schools in urban areas are already operating in two shifts and facing a space crunch. Enforcing the act could also require the shifting of students from schools of choice, which could invite parents' wrath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028887", "title": "Counsellor Forum", "text": "ARTS AND AESTHETICSI have done my BA (Hon) in History. Though I am not very good at drawing or painting, I am fascinated with art and have developed a good artistic sense. I try to pack in as many art shows and film screenings as I can. I am also fond of writing. Could you suggest some courses that would compliment this aspect of my personality?Jeevika BansalThere are a couple of courses you may find rather interesting.JNU's School of Arts &amp; Aesthetics, New Delhi , (www.jnu.ac.in) offers an MA in arts and aesthetics. Selection is on the basis of an entrance exam. You don't necessarily need an arts background to qualify. Eligibility criterion is a Bachelor's degree in any field and a basic appreciation of art.The course will expose you to various aspects of art (music, dance, drama, cinema), culture, civilisation , literature, history, religion, politics, etc. Although you would be exposed to it, you will not be taught the technical aspects of art. MPhil and PhD programmes are also offered in the subject.Similarly, the MS University, Baroda's Faculty of Fine Arts, offers MFA (art criticism) to graduates of any discipline.With new art galleries opening all the time and the print and electronic media featuring reviews and coverage of art shows, employment opportunities should not be a problem. Investing in art funds like Osian's , Yatra, Crayon Capital and Indian Fine Art Fund calls for the services of astute art appraisers and valuers to sift through and separate the good from the bad and pick up pieces that have the best potential to appreciate. Art Fund Managers require this expertise in good measure to outperform other assets and book profits for the investors. And given the fact that Indian art constitutes only one per cent of the global market, as of now, the prospects are great. A course in Art History or Museology would also be an asset.CEPT University, Ahmedabad (www.cept.ac.in) offers a two-year Master's programme in art and communication.This is a practice-based course in arts, design and communication, which includes social science perspectives. Studio-based explorations form the central focus of the programme and will be conducted and facilitated by senior practitioners from the fields of art, design, film making , performing arts and related disciplines. Integrated with studio practice would be theoretical inputs from experts in the social sciences and humanities along with field studies and internship opportunities.INTERNATIONAL RELATIONSI have completed my Bachelor's in history and am planning to do my Master's in international relations from JNU. Can you please guide me about the prospects and preparations regarding this course?Tahira WazirAlthough international relations forms part of the Master's in political science course offered at a large number of universities, only a handful of universities such as the Jawaharlal Nehru University , New Delhi, Jadavpur University, Kolkata and Jiwaji University, Baroda, among others offer a specific Master's in international relations.Admission to the two-year MA in politics (with specialisation in international relations) programme at JNU is on the basis of an all-India entrance exam held in May. To take this exam you should have a minimum of 50% marks at the Bachelor's level in any discipline. The exam notification appears in March. It is based on topics covered in a typical Bachelor's programme in political science. Typical topics include Western political thoughts, Indian government and politics, political thought in modern India, international relations , public policies in India, and comparative government and politics.In a bid to veer away from the euro-centricism that had influenced the theoretical understanding of globalisation so far, the course provides students with first-hand experience of the democratic processes and conflict patterns in varied cultural settings. For details, log on to www.jnu.ac.inA degree in IR is a great way to open your career path to opportunities at home and abroad. With this subject, you could either take the civil services exam or teach political science or international relations. You could also opt for research, PR or liaison-related work in embassies, in the M/o External Affairs, international trade organisations , or international organisations such as the UN and its specialised agencies like UNDP, UNICEF , ILO, etc. Journalism , is another popular avenue for those who have specialised in this subject. IR will hold you in good stead if you want to be a foreign correspondent or international policy analyst.CAREER SWITCHI am working for a TV channel as a senior executive. Although I have four and half years of experience in sales and marketing, I now want to change my career. How could I use my core skills in another career? Will I get a salary that equals what I'm drawing presently?Naresh KapurIt's never too late to change careers. Often such a change gives you an all-round professional grooming. Professionals from sales and marketing can move either to customer service/relationship management or HR. In HR again, there are many choices. For one, you could look at becoming a staffing specialist (in great demand today due to the acute talent crunch and the need for companies to build their brand for attracting talent). You could even consider becoming a corporate trainer specialising in building skills and capabilities of the staff. All these careers are basically focused on utilising your core sales competency, i.e. your ability to relate to different types of people, and your ability to influence and lead change. And, also, you needn't take a salary dip as you switch lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13027873", "title": "Kentucky Fried Chicken to open its first outlet in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: International food chain brand Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) is set to open its store at Pulimoodu in the city by the end of this month.\"The 4,500 sq ft, 110-seater outlet will be located on the ground floor of the QRS building. The building has two levels of parking that can accommodate 70 cars,\" said Abhimanyu Ganesh, director of QRS Retail Ltd, KFC. The food chain is currently setting up a bio-gas plant in a leased land behind QRS Square.\"This will be KFC's fourth outlet in Kerala. Nationally, KFC has more than 160 outlets. The food chain is aiming at opening 500 outlets by 2015. The menu will have a balanced fare of international and India-specific products,\" said an official spokesperson for the brand.KFC's franchisee-owned 200-seat outlet in Kozhikode was targeted during a protest rally and had to be closed for 40 days. The brand has raised similar concerns regarding the Thiruvananthapuram outlet as well.\"We are apprehensive about security because of its proximity to the Secretariat, but Yum Restaurants India Pvt Ltd, (owners of KFC India) wanted the outlet to be located in a central area, as it is their flagship store in the state capital,\" said Ganesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13028513", "title": "Cortalim bypoll: Congress to accept candidate applications next week", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party will start receiving applications from aspiring candidates willing to contest the Cortalim bypoll scheduled for June 2, from next week onwards, party leaders said.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar said, \"We will start receiving applications from next week onwards and after their scrutiny, they will be forwarded to the high command for final approval.\"He also said that next week, the state unit has decided to hold the Pradesh Congress Committee meeting to discuss the party's strategy for the Cortalim byelection.\"The Cortalim byelection is strategically important for the Congress party and if we win the seat then it will help to boost the morale of party workers,\" he added. The Cortalim seat was vacant after the death of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha, who was BJP legislator for the constituency.BJP has finalized the name of Saldanha's widow, Alina, as its candidate to contest the Cortalim bye-election. \"We will officially announced Alina's name as BJP candidate next week,\" said BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar.Speaking on the Union defence minister A K Antony's report, GPCC president Shirodkar said that the state unit had not received anything from the party high command but the Congress party \"would definitely take corrective steps\" depending on the findings of the report.The Congress high command has appointed a committee headed by Antony to analyze the reasons for the Congress' defeats in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Goa.Antony, in his report, had said that in Goa, nepotism, tickets to family members of one family besides the mining scam contributed to the defeat and the party had also failed to keep the Christian votes intact which were poached by the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13028456", "title": "Teachers up in arms against RTE", "text": "MYSORE: With a few days left for reopening of the schools after summer vacation, a section of private school teachers and the Association of Concerned and Informed Citizens of Mysore (ACICM) in the city have raised their voice against the implementation of the Right to Education Act (RTE) 2009 from this academic year. In an interaction programme on RTE with school teachers, parents and social activists organized by ACICM on Sunday, many teachers argued that there are many demerits in the Act which mandates all private schools reserve 25% of seats to children from poor families.ACICM convener M Lakshmana said RTE cannot be implemented in all the schools from this academic year as many CBSE and ICSE schools have already completed the admission process. There is a need for amendment in the Act since its implementation in the present form will burden teachers, he said. \"We are not opposing RTE, but the state government should appeal to the Supreme Court to make some changes in RTE for the benefit of teachers, students and schools. If the state government is not ready to ask the Centre one more year time to implement RTE in Karnataka in 15 days, ACICM will approach the court seeking amendments in the Act, he urging to bring some changes in the act,\" Lakshmana said.According to Padma, a school teacher, as per RTE providing education to children in the age group of 6 to 14 years till eight standard will not make any big difference. The government should extend the age group of children from 6 to 18 years to provide free education to the poor till II pre-university course, she said.Anjum Fathima, a teacher of Jnanasarovara school, pointed out that admissions of poor students on the basis of age to appropriate classrooms will make teaching difficult. \"If a child who does not know to write alphabets joins the fifth standard directly on the basis of age, how is it possible to teach that child along with others in the same classroom, who are better at academics?\" Anjum asked.Instead of giving admission to poor children on the basis of age, a one-year foundation course should be given prior to the admission process in schools. Giving admission directly on age basis will lead to create division among the students, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13028167", "title": "Non-Himachal Pradesh vehicles banned on Manali-Rohtang national highway", "text": "MANALI: If you are planning to drive your vehicle beyond Manali in Himachal Pradesh this summer, then don't forget to take permission from the local transport department.The Kullu administration has issued a directive imposing a ban on the entry of all vehicles bearing non-HP license plates on the Manali-Rohtang highway. Only vehicles registered in Himachal can cross the Rohtang Pass, which connects Kullu to the tribal district of Lahaul Spiti and to neighbouring Leh in Jammu and Kashmir.All 'outsiders' will have to take prior permission to go beyond Manali, according to the directive. Local officials say the ban, which has invited a lot of resentment from tourists, is aimed at cutting down the pollution level and to prevent accidents due to congestion on the Manali-Rohtang road.After Goa, Manali receives the highest number of tourists in India annually. Manali sub-divisional magistrate Balbir Thakur said that HP high court has directed the state government and Kullu administration to find all possible ways to reduce pollution and traffic on the Manali-Rohtang highway. The ban would continue for the entire summer season, Thakur added. Manali hoteliers' association has sent a memorandum to the state government opposing the decision as they believe it would adversely affect their business.Bharat Chopra, a tourist from New Delhi, said, \"All those tourists who are not allowed to take their cars to Rohtang Pass are hiring local cabs from Manali and this way the number of vehicles plying on the Manali-Rohtang highway remains the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13028948", "title": "Certificate programme", "text": "Consultancy Development Centre, an autonomous institute, DSIR, ministry of science and technology, government of India, invites application for its three-month Certificate programme in Management Consulting. The programme will equip participants with skills that will help not only in value addition in service delivery, but also in brand building.The course delivery shall be through contact classes and online mentoring. Contact classes will be held at CDC, India Habitat Centre, Lodhi Road on alternate Sundays. Eligibility criteria includes MSc/MCom/MBA/MCA/ACA/ACS/ICWA/BE/BTech or postgraduation with specialisation equivalent. There is no age limit. To download forms, visit www.cdc.org.in. The deadline for submission is July 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13031213", "title": "Sunny Deol, Rajkumar Santoshi to reunite", "text": "They go back a long way. Rajkumar Santoshi made his big bang directorial debut with Ghayal starring Sunny Deol as the angry young man. He later went on to belt out two more hits - Ghatak and Damini - both with Sunny in the lead once again.Ten years ago, Santoshi and Sunny had a fall out while the two were busy making films on the same subject namely Bhagat Singh . Unfortunately, both films that released on the same day, boomeranged at the box office.In fact the last time Santoshi worked with the Deols was when he launched Bobby Deol in his film Barsaat.However, Mirror has learnt that Santoshi and Sunny are all set to come together after a long gap of 17 years. A source told Mirror, \"Santoshi and Sunny patched up a couple of years back and ever since, have wanted to work together on a film. Earlier too, they had planned to make a film but it did not work out. Finally, everything is in place.\"The source added, \"Santoshi met Sunny a few days back and narrated an idea to him, which Sunny loved and has given his nod to. Santoshi meanwhile is finalising other details before he can take the film on floors. The film is expected to start as early as next month itself.\"Santoshi confirmed the news and said, \"We have met and are working out a film. But it is too early to say anything at the moment. Sunny has liked the script but that is one part and I have to get everything else in place and the formalities still remain. Everything will be clear in a couple of weeks before I make any announcement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13027139", "title": "One arrested for cheating, 2 at large", "text": "COIMBATORE: One man has arrested for fraud while two others are on the run as they attempted to purchase goats worth Rs 2 lakh from a seller in Ukkadam, by paying just a token advance. Police have recovered a few of the goats from the arrested.The three accused have been identified as Mohammed Malik, and Hakim S, both residents of Cheran Nagar in Dharmapuri district and N Ferozkhan, from Saramedu in the city.According to police, M Sakthivel, a farmer at Senjerimalai had come near the Ukkadam bypass last Wednesday to sell 48 goats. He fixed a deal with the culprits for Rs 2 lakh and handed over the goats to them after they paid a token advance of Rs 5000.The three loaded the goats in a rented tempo traveller and left, after telling the farmer they would draw the remaining money from the bank and return. When they did not return, Sakthivel realized he had been cheated.He tried to resolve the issue himself, but to no avail. Sakthivel eventually filed a complaint with the police on Saturday.Police arrested Ferozkhan near Ukkadam. After interrogating him police came to know that he had sold a few goats to a wholesale dealer at Vaniyambadi for Rs 85,000. Police later rescued the goats from the wholesale dealer.A case has been registered and a hunt has been launched to nab the other two accused.The three accused had paid just an initial amount of Rs 5,000 and in the promise of paying the remaining amount, they fled from the scene with the goats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "chamarajanagar", "code": "13028465", "title": "Man dies in bike-truck collision", "text": "CHAMARAJANAGAR: A 33-year-old man, who was on his way to distribute his marriage invitation cards to friends and relatives, died in a road accident at Begur village in Gundlupet taluk on Sunday. Shivashankarappa, an agriculturist, died on the spot when a speeding mini-lorry rammed into his vehicle. Shivashankarappa's marriage was scheduled on May 17 in Gundlupet.His sister Manjula, who was pillion riding on the bike, suffered severe injuries. She is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Mysore. The driver of the truck is at large.A complaint has been registered at Gundlupet police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13027750", "title": "Deserted by wife, man commits suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pained after his wife deserted him a 30-year-old man Prashant Mistry committed suicide on Saturday. Mistry, a resident of Ramol, hung himself at his home. A complaint in this regard was filed at the Ramol police station. According to police Mistry's wife left home a little more than a month earlier, after a tiff with him.In another incident a 22-year-old woman, Rekha Chauhan committed suicide owing to academic stress on Saturday. A complaint in this regard has been registered at the Naroda police station. Chauhan, said police, hung herself at her residence in Uday Tenament. Police officials are probing into the nature of mental agony caused by her academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13028327", "title": "Emergency Management and Research Institute to junk old vehicles, buy new ones", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The EMRI-108 ambulance service which was launched in Gujarat in 2007 will, for the first time, decommissioned 50 of its ambulances from its fleet. In its attempt to overhaul the fleet, EMRI will procure 110 new ambulances at a cost of Rs 22.5 crore. There are 506 EMRI-108 emergency vehicles in the state. The move to replace the old vehicles comes by as many of the existing ambulances have exceeded their total mileage and will be high on maintenance.\"The cost of maintaining such vehicles is high. It was better to procure new ones,\" says a senior EMRI official. Back in 2007, EMRI ran 15 vehicles between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar. Today, EMRI covers 26 districts of the state.The new EMRI vehicles will have improvements for patients' comfort and safety. \"For instance, the fibreglass reinforced plastic (FRP) parts of the vehicles will be replaced by ADS-grade plastics. These are more durable and will be comfortable,\" says EMRI COO Jasvant Prajapati.Though EMRI plans to induct 50 vehicles in the first phase, the rest of the 65 new vehicles will be inducted in the following financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13030813", "title": "Kalakalppu will be a summer treat for audience", "text": "Kalakalappu is all set to hit the screens next week on 11th May and has got the best of theatres in the city.The movie has Mirchi Shiva and Vimal in the lead with Anjali and Oviya Helen as female leads. Adding to the crew will be comedy king Santhanam seen in a new avatar as a comedy villain. Though Santhanam's role is interspersed with a tint of grey shade, he will be incharge of providing the maximum laughs.Sundar.C movies has a trademark for humour and family entertainers and so will be Kalakalappu says the director. He further added, Kalakalappu will be a summer treat with loads and loads comedy serving to be the best entertainer for audience.Produced under the banners of UTV motion and Avni Cinemax the movie is directed by Sundar.C. Music is scored by Vijay Ebenezer and U.K Senthil Kumar has cranked the camera.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13027855", "title": "Illegal rent-a-car services give jitters to police dept", "text": "KOCHI: Hit-and-run gangs relying on rent-a-car agencies are keeping the city police on their toes.There are many rent-a-car services in Kochi but not one of them is licensed as per the norms laid down by the Central Motor Vehicles Act, said sources in the city police.It is a security scare for the police especially after a group of assailants hacked to death RMP leader T P Chandrashekaran on Friday night in Vadakara.Without enough data, the police are clueless on controlling the misuse of rent-a-car services by criminals. Though the Central Motor Vehicles Act has laid down rules for renting out vehicles to hirers for self-drive under the Rent-a-Cab Scheme, many rental services are not following it.\"We are trying to keep track of the activities of rent-a-car centres in the city. We used to check their registration at times. All centres have been asked to keep a log book for recording the details of the hirer, including a copy of valid identification document,\" said deputy commissioner of police T Gopalakrishna Pillai. Criminals now use high-end cars to carry out operations as it will help them to evade suspicion and generally police do not keep a watch on such vehicles.\"Beginning a rent-a-car service has become an easy affair. Anyone who has a car and is ready to give it on rent can do it. They begin by renting out to friends. Later based on references from friends, they give the vehicles to strangers,\" police officials said.The DCP said the police have been asked to do a check on the active vehicle renting services.\"The vehicle owner is clueless about the activities for which the vehicle is used once it is rented out. Above all the criminals change the registration number once the vehicle is taken on rent,\" the officials said. The motor vehicles department sources said there was no licenced rent-a-car service in the city. Criminals are using rental vehicles because they don't run the risk of being stopped for the stolen or borrowed tag or vehicle.\"The rented cars just suitably fit in for their purpose,\" the officials said and added the vehicle owners charge rent based on the vehicle. While a Toyoto Innova is charged Rs 1,500 a day, a Mercedes Benz or an Audi is charged Rs 10,000 a day.Guidelines for beginning a licenced rent-a-car service: 1. An individual should have a minimum of 50 vehicles to begin a rent-a-car service.2. Half of the vehicles should be air-conditioned ones3. The person should open sub-offices in the state4. Rental cars should have a number plate with a black background and letters in yellowInflux of small car rental shops in the city has become a blessing for criminals who undertake various operations using the vehicles taken on rent. Surprisingly there is not a single rent-a-car service in the city which is licenced as per the norms laid down by Central Motor Vehicles Act.The murder of RMP leader T P Chandrashekaran has indeed raised serious questions on illegal car rentals which have sprouted in large numbers in the last two years. Above all, the police are clueless on initiating measures to control the misuse of \"rent-a-car\" services by criminals. Chandrashekaran was murdered by a group of assailants who came in an Innova car taken on rent.Though the Central Motor Vehicles Act has laid down rules for renting out vehicles to hirers for self-drive under the Rent-a-Cab Scheme, none of the car rental services are following it.\"We are trying to keep track of the activities of rent-a-car centres in the city. We used to check their registration at times. All centres have been asked to keep a log book for recording the details of the hirer including a copy of valid identification document,\" said Kochi City Deputy Commissioner of Police T Gopalakrishna Pillai.Criminals now use high end cars to carry out operations as it will help them to evade suspicion and generally police do not keep a watch on high end cars. \"Beginning a rent-a-car service has become an easy affair. Anyone who has a car and is ready to give it on rent can do it. Basically they begin by renting out to friends. Later based on references from friends, they give the vehicles to strangers,\" police officials said.The DCP said that the police have been asked to do a check on the active vehicle renting services.\"The vehicle owner is in total dark about the activities for which the vehicle is used once it is rented out. Above all the criminals change the registration number once the vehicle is taken on rent,\" the officials said.Officials of the Motor Vehicles Department said that there is no licenced rent-a-car service in the city. Criminals are using rental vehicles because they don't run the risk of being stopped for the stolen or borrowed tag or vehicle. \"The rented cars just suitably fit in for their purpose,\" the officials said and added the vehicle owners charge rent based on the vehicle. While a Toyoto Innova is charged Rs 1,500 a day, a Mercedes Benz or an Audi is charged Rs 10,000 a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028679", "title": "Splash about in Ganga to beat the heat", "text": "VARANASI: Hardly anybody could resist the temptation of splashing about in cool waters during the summers. It's is one enjoyable way of beating the heat. In fact, swimming enthusiasts throng to the Ganga ghats and swimming pools at various institutes in the city during the peak summer months.K C Talapatra, a swimming coach at regional sports complex of Sampurnanad Sports Stadium, Sigra, confirmed that every year the total number of trainees increases by 10-15 per cent during the summer season. \"The swimming practice sessions happen around the year, but the training classes for children in the age group of 6-12 years are scheduled only during summer vacations,\" he said.According to Talapatra, apart from children, a number of swimmers, athletes and even health-conscious men and women , who already know swimming, spend around an hour or two daily in the two swimming pools of the stadium. Besides, the rising trend of schools having their own swimming pools has also led to an increase in the number of kids joining swimming classes. \"Around 150 children have already enrolled and the number can reach up to 200, once the schools close for summer vacations,\" he said.Apart from Sigra stadium, the swimming pool of University Sports Board at Banaras Hindu University also gets a lot of visitors these days. According to Prof Dilip K Dureha of department of physical education, BHU, with seven separate sessions of 40 minutes in the morning and in evening, around 2,500 students of the university are expected to join the swimming training sessions this season.\"The swimming pool of the university also entertains people from outside the university as guests and swimming training is imparted to them for a period of one month,\" Dureha said. In fact, a physical fitness test will be held on May 7 (Monday) and May 8 (Tuesday), to check the muscular strength of the trainees. Once they pass the test, they are considered eligible for swimming training.Interestingly, despite the increasing levels of pollution in the Ganga, there are swimmers who prefer the river. If the swimming trainers at the ghats are to be believed, there are around 10-12 swimming clubs that get active during summer vacations with at least 50-55 trainees in each club. \"Not everyone can afford the fee charged by swimming pools at various clubs. Moreover, there is an age bar at most of the places, so for us the Ganga is the best place to learn swimming,\" shared Surendra, a swimming trainee at Darbhanga Ghat.Ajay Kumar , father of a six-year old girl, who accompanies her during her swimming classes at Rana Mahal Ghat, shared, \"The pool water is chlorinated and I have doubts about it being clean. Besides, when one trains in the running waters of a river, then only it makes one a better swimmer who can save oneself in case of any accident,\" he opined.Agreeing with Kumar, another swimmer at Darbhanga Ghat, Mamta Yadav shared, \"The water is neither very cold nor very hot, and is naturally getting cleaned because of the currents. On the other hand, the chlorine and other chemicals added as cleaner in the pools do not suit many people.\"According to Sarabani Dhara, a coach at a swimming club at Rana Mahal Ghat, there is a huge difference between swimming in pools and swimming in running water as a person need not to apply the skills of swimming in still water like it is required in running waters.Most of the swimming clubs run their classes at Asi Ghat, Raja Ghat, Darbhanga Ghat, and Ranamahal Ghat. Like any modern swimming pools in the city, these clubs are equipped with rubber boards, tubes, gloves, and life-saving guards. These clubs also organise water sports events in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13029277", "title": "Exhibition of abstract paintings", "text": "Nature &amp; emotionsAn exhibition of abstract paintings by a Kharar-based fine arts lecturer Amita Thour will be put on display. Based on themes of nature and internal peace, the painter plays with colours to explore both. Her exhibition has been displayed into four series - the first deals with nature and one can see her experiments with nature, the other series is on emotions and it portrays people who can't cope up with their emotions positive or negative. Capturing the peace is yet another series followed by the mystery seriesBistro Flamme Bois, Sector 7, Chandigarh | Till May 15, All dayChildren's exhibitionCity based art teacher Sonal A Singh will put an exhibition of her students artworks, aged between 3 to 14 years. Each work displayed is meant to express a different kind and category of feelings and ideas. There are almost 150 works on display - ranging from Barbie dolls to supermen and their dream homes, toys, through these one can see all that the child feels and wants and how his wishes change and grow with age. Through this exhibition Sonal aims at providing a platform for child art to grow in the city.Hotel Icon, Sector 8, Chandigarh | Till May 15, All DayLove &amp; beautyUS-based Mehak Mittal, 35, has displayed her paintings which have real characters and moments from her life. She paints moments she captures on her camera while travelling. Her collection of Love has paintings of flowers and sunset at the beach. Another collection which speaks of the bond between a father and son is based on her relation with her father. California paintings, yet another set of paintings by Mehak have been painted from the photographs.Bistro Flamme Bois, Sector 7, Chandigarh | Till May 15, All dayCultureSri Sathya Sai Seva Organization will present a cultural show.Tagore Theatre, Chandigarh | Sunday, May 13, 5pm to 9pmQuizIndian questNorth Zonal Cultural Centre organizes Indian quiz contest \"Bharat Ko Jano, Bharat Ko Pehchano\" wherein 35 questions will be asked from the participants and each question will have a prize winner. The questions will be related to Indian art and culture, its history and geography. This event is open for all. Kalagram | Sunday, May 13, 7pm onwards", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13029798", "title": "Obama congratulates French president-elect Francois Hollande", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama called the French president-elect Francois Hollande to congratulate him on his electoral victory and indicated him that he looks forward to working with him on a range of issues, the White House said.\"President Obama indicated that he looks forward to working closely with Hollande and his government on a range of shared economic and security challenges,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said in a statement.\"Obama noted that he will welcome President-elect Hollande to Camp David for the G-8 Summit and to Chicago for the NATO Summit later this month, and proposed that they meet beforehand at the White House,\" Carney said.Obama and president-elect Hollande each reaffirmed the important and enduring alliance between the people of the US and France, Carney said in his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13028065", "title": "Marandi predicts elections", "text": "DHANBAD: The Jharkhand Vikash Morcha president and former chief minister Babulal Marandi , on Sunday asked the party workers to gear up for probable mid-term state assembly election.Addressing the party workers at Topchanchi, Marandi said the recent developments following the Rajya Sabha election were indicators of a mid-term election.He asked the JVM workers to strengthen the party at the panchayat level and expose corrupt practices in the Arjun Munda-led government.According to Marandi, Arjun Munda was equally corrupt like Madhu Koda and was neck deep in the mining lease scandals.The government is insensitive to the plight of the schoolchildren who are yet to get their text books even after the completion of one year of their session.On this occasion, Pradip Yadav, party leader in the state assembly, Saba Ahmad, party vice-president and other MLAs also addressed the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13032706", "title": "If Vidya can do two different films, why can't I?", "text": "Rakhee Sawant is confident of being able to do justice to the role of Bhanwari Devi as well as her Bengali acting debutWhen Rakhee Sawant was cast in the role of Bhanwari Devi, the news raised a few eyebrows. Bhanwari Devi is an Indian woman, whose alleged gang rape in 1992 and the subsequent court case was widely discussed in the media. Then came the news of India's original item girl doing a Bengali version of \" The Dirty Picture \" and that also got many talking about how she would go on to essay this role.When Rakhee was asked how she would balance two characters as diametrically opposite as Bhanwari Devi and the item girl in the Bengali version of \"TDP\", she said, \"If Vidya Balan can do a \"Kahaani\" and \"TDP\" picture, why should it be a problem for me? I am an actor and will approach the role professionally.\"Though Rakhee hasn't signed on the Bhanwari Devi movie as yet, she is expected to do so in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13026599", "title": "More Raje loyalists offer to quit, BJP plays down crisis", "text": "JAIPUR: While resignations of Vasundhara Raje loyalists continued to flow in on Sunday, the BJP did its best to downplay the brewing crisis in its state unit.Senior party leaders, including Raje, claimed that the recent political drama was the party's \"internal matter\"; shying away from explaining why an \"internal matter\" had led to 58 legislators resign en masse, including two Independents.In a brief interaction with the media, in which she refused to take any questions, Raje said, \"It is an internal matter for the party and will be resolved through discussions.'' Senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad, during a media briefing in New Delhi, insisted that the state BJP was not rocked by any crisis as Raje herself had said it was an \"internal matter\". The state leadership, however, chose to stay mum on the issue. BJP spokesperson Jyoti Kiran too didn't give away much and said, \"Saturday's developments should not be projected as a crisis as there is little doubt over her (Raje) being accepted as the party's CM candidate for next assembly polls.''State party president Arun Chaturvedi and Kiran Maheshwari individually met former Rajya Sabha MP Ramdas Agarwal but details of the meetings were not divulged. Raje loyalists also held meeting with former state president Om Prakash Mathur.Meanwhile, BJP president Nitin Gadkari has called a meeting on Monday which would be attended by state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki, senior leaders Arun Jaitley, Mathur, Kirit Somaiya and Bhupendra Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13028799", "title": "Drive to nab chain-snatchers, auto-lifters", "text": "VARANASI: In order to rid the city of increasing menace of chain-snatchers and motorcycle-lifters the police have launched a massive drive from the night of May 5. According to SP City, Santosh Kumar Singh, seven persons, who are suspected to be chain-snatchers and who also had a criminal record with the police, were taken under custody for interrogation on Saturday night.With the implementation of the proactive strategy, the police have managed to put a check on the incidents of loot and theft in the past fortnight, the SP City said. But, in the past one month, the menace of chain-snatchers and motorcycle-lifters has increased. More than a dozen cases of chain-snatching and eight cases of motorcycle-lifting have been reported in the last 20 days.During the regular checking drives, the persons carrying arms to commit crimes like loot can be detected, the SP City said, but for committing crimes like chain-snatching and auto-lifting, no weapon is required. This makes detection of culprits quite difficult.Even the past records of similar crimes are not of much help as in many cases, the chain-snatchers belonged to reputed families. In view of these facts, the cops at all the police stations have been ordered to prepare a list of all those criminals who have been found involved in chain-snatching cases in the past and make a fresh bid to know their whereabouts. Also, a list of places from where the vehicles are being lifted repeatedly has also been sought to make better security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-07"}
